https://allamericanpharmaceutical.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Update: June 11, 2018
Who We Are
All American Pharmaceutical (“AAP”) operates this website (https://allamericanpharmaceutical.com/).
At AAP, we know the importance of privacy. That is why we are dedicated to protecting the privacy of our website visitors and customers.
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve our customers and website users who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used. Personally Identifiable Information, as defined by US policy, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context.
Please read our privacy policy to learn how we collect, use and protect your PII when interacting with our website.
What Personal Data We Collect And Why We Collect It
Analytics
Like most website operators, AAP collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. AAP’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how AAP’s visitors use its website. From time to time, AAP may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Comments
AAP also collects potentially personally-identifying information for users leaving comments on the site. We collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Personally Identifiable Information
Certain visitors to AAP’s website choose to interact with AAP in ways that require AAP to gather Personally Identifiable Information (PII). The amount and type of information that AAP gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. Generally, this information is requested when you request a quote from our site using the form.
During these interactions, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, company information, as well as your product requirments. AAP collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with AAP. AAP does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select "Remember Me", your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded Content From Other Websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Who We Share Your Data With
AAP discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on AAP’s behalf or to provide services available at AAP’s website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using AAP’s website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. AAP will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone.
Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, AAP discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when AAP believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of AAP, third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of the AAP website and have supplied your email address, AAP may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with AAP.. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum.
AAP takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
How Long We Retain Your Data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What Rights You Have Over Your Data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
If you need to access or update your information, please login at the My Account. If you would like your account deleted, please send an email to
or call us at (406) 245-5793.
How We Protect Your Information
We take the security of your personally identifying information very seriously. That’s why all contact made via email goes through multiple layers of security to ensure your information is safe and secure.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, AAP may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in AAP’s sole discretion. AAP encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have an AAP account, you should also check your blog’s dashboard for alerts to these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
We use cookies to ensure you have the best experience. By clicking "Accept," or moving beyond this notice you agree to the terms of our privacy policy.AcceptRead More