http://allisinfo.com/terms-of-service/
Facebook
LinkedIn
Just type and press 'enter'
Search
Home
About
Services
Our Approach
Expert Researchers
Best in Class Global Resources
Insightful Analysis
Innovative Information Technology
Customized Delivery
Alliances
Blog
Contact
Terms of Service
The following terms and conditions govern all use of the allisinfo.com website and all content, services and products available at or through the website (taken together, the Website). The Website is owned and operated by Allis Information Management (“AIM”). The Website is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies (including, without limitation, AIM’s Privacy Policy) and procedures that may be published from time to time on this Site by AIM (collectively, the “Agreement”).
Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Website. By accessing or using any part of the web site, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the Website or use any services. If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by AIM, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms. The Website is available only to individuals who are at least 13 years old.
Responsibility of Website Visitors.AIM has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, posted to the Website, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material’s content, use or effects. By operating the Website, AIM does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. The Website may contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. The Website may also contain material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated. AIM disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the Website, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.
Content Posted on Other Websites.We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which allisinfo.com links, and that link to allisinfo.com. AIM does not have any control over those non-AIM websites and webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a non-AIM website or webpage, AIM does not represent or imply that it endorses such website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. AIM disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of non-AIM websites and webpages.
Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy.As AIM asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or linked to by allisinfo.com violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify AIM in accordance with AIM’s Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) Policy. AIM will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material. AIM will terminate a visitor’s access to and use of the Website if, under appropriate circumstances, the visitor is determined to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of AIM or others. In the case of such termination, AIM will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid to AIM.
Intellectual Property.This Agreement does not transfer from AIM to you any AIM or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with AIM. AIM, allisinfo.com, the allisinfo.com logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with allisinfo.com, or the Website are trademarks or registered trademarks of AIM or AIM’s licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any AIM or third-party trademarks.
AIM reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. AIM may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the Website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Disclaimer of Warranties.The Website is provided “as is”. AIM and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither AIM nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that the Website will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the Website at your own discretion and risk.
Limitation of Liability.In no event will AIM, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement for substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you to AIM under this agreement during the twelve (12) months period prior to the cause of action. AIM shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.
General Representation and Warranty.You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Website will be in strict accordance with the AIM Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Website will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless AIM, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of the Website, including but not limited to your violation of this Agreement.
Miscellaneous. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between AIM and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of AIM, or by the posting by AIM of a revised version. Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of the Website will be governed by the laws of the Midland, MI, excluding its conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the state and federal courts located in Midland, MI. Except for claims for injunctive or equitable relief or claims regarding intellectual property rights (which may be brought in any competent court without the posting of a bond), any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be finally settled in accordance with the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service, Inc. (“JAMS”) by three arbitrators appointed in accordance with such Rules. The arbitration shall take place in Midland, MI, in the English language and the arbitral decision may be enforced in any court. The prevailing party in any action or proceeding to enforce this Agreement shall be entitled to costs and attorneys’ fees. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions; AIM may assign its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
Contact AIM for your project today
Allis Information Management provides customized strategic intelligence research and analysis on a global scale for your organization.
+1 (989) 835-5811 Weekdays 9 AM – 5 PM EST
aim@allisinfo.com
request a free consultation
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Copyright 2016 AIM. Designed and developed by nickpc.