http://allisinfo.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook
LinkedIn
Just type and press 'enter'
Search
Home
About
Services
Our Approach
Expert Researchers
Best in Class Global Resources
Insightful Analysis
Innovative Information Technology
Customized Delivery
Alliances
Blog
Contact
Privacy Policy
Allis Information Management (“AIM“) respects and protects the privacy of the people sharing their information with us. Therefore we want to inform you how your personal information is collected and what we do with it.  Personal data is any information that directly or indirectly identifies you or would enable someone to contact you, which may include your name, email address, phone number and computer IP address.
GDPR
The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) replaces the Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC and was designed to harmonize data privacy laws across Europe, to protect and empower all EU citizens’ data privacy and to reshape the way organizations approach data privacy.
Collection and Use of Data
You are not required to leave any personal information as a condition for using our website. We only collect personal details that you leave us when you send us emails or request services, or in other similar situations when you have made the choice to leave us your details. We will only use your information to send you occasional newsletters or email communications and/or other information that you have requested. Your information will never be shared outside of our organization.  AIM takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of personal information.
Our website may be tracked and analyzed using analytics and optimization tools.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, AIM may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in AIM’s sole discretion.  AIM encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.  Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Your Privacy Options
You may unsubscribe to communications.  You may request to be deleted from our database.  You may request access to any of your personal information we have securely stored.  Please email or call with any requests.  aim@allisinfo.com or 1.989.835.5811
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. AIM uses cookies to help AIM identify and track visitors, their usage of AIM website, and their website access preferences. AIM visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using AIM’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of AIM’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Contact AIM for your project today
Allis Information Management provides customized strategic intelligence research and analysis on a global scale for your organization.
+1 (989) 835-5811 Weekdays 9 AM – 5 PM EST
aim@allisinfo.com
request a free consultation
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Copyright 2016 AIM. Designed and developed by nickpc.