http://allstarfireworks.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Menu Cart
Privacy Policy
GDPR Compliance StatementGeneral Data Protection Regulation May 2018Thank you for your ongoing business and support. Your personal information is important to us and we are committed to safeguarding and protecting your personal data and privacy. All data is handled responsibly and in accordance with our Privacy Policy.We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. All data is held on a private UK based server network with single point, firewall protected internet access through our hosting company.In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. All our suppliers and contractors meet the standards we require.Within their terms and conditions of employment all employees have received briefings on data security and the handling of personal data to ensure that our data is protected. In accordance with GDPR, we will only use your data where it is in our legitimate interest to do so and to comply with our legal and regulatory requirements. We will always explain clearly what data we are collecting about you and why. We will only collect data we need to give you a better experience; to improve and deliver our services to you; and to meet our responsibilities to you.It is our strict policy not to pass on any personal information to third parties for commercial or sales and marketing purposes. From time to time, we will use your information to send offers and news on products and services, which we think may be of interest or be of benefit to you. In this case you will always be given the choice to opt out of receiving such emails.To keep pace with the new data protection regulation as it develops, we will continue to review our systems and procedures to ensure that they remain compliant with the regulation and we will keep you informed throughout the process of any changes that we make.CookiesCookies are small text files that are placed on to your computer by websites that you visit. They are used to make websites work, to improve efficiency of websites, to improve the user’s experience and to provide usage information on websites. This information should make your website visits more productive by storing and using information on your website preferences and habits.Your web browser can choose whether or not to accept cookies. Most web browser software is initially set up to accept them.We may offer cookies to you and you should ensure that your web browser is set up to not accept cookies if you do not wish to receive them. Please note that if you disable cookies, some services or website functionality may not be available. For further information about cookies and how to disable them please go to aboutcookies.org. We use the following cookies:Essential cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, and to use online forms.Analytical cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.Marketing cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences. These cookies also record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website, the advertising displayed on it and communications sent more relevant to your interests.By continuing to use this site, you are accepting our use of these cookies that make advertising and communications more relevant to you and your interests, and further help us to improve the site.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy