https://allube.co.uk/privacy-policy/
solutions@allube.co.uk
+44 (0)114 2454979
Home
About Us
Services
Advice
Design & Install
Garage Installations
Sales
Services & Repairs
Lubrication Systems
Products
Allube MQL
Case Studies
News & Updates
Contact
FAQ
Alemite Grease Guns
Battery Powered
Manual
Accessories
Alemite Pumps
Oil Pneumatic
Grease Pneumatic
Electric Grease
Hydraulic Grease
Manual
Chemical and Material Handling
Diaphragm
Pump Hoists
Pump Accessories
Alemite Industrial Lubrication Fittings
Threaded
Corrosion Resistant
Drive
Metric
Button Head
Relief
Flush Type
Leakproof
Breathers
Speciality
Assortments
Accessories
Vents
Alemite Reels
Alemite Heavy Duty
Alemite Severe Duty
Alemite Narrow Double Post
Alemite High Capacity
Alemite Shielded
Alemite Specialty
Alemite Accessories
Alemite Large Capacity
Alemite Control Valves & Meters
Meters
Control Valves
Lube Dispensing Stations
Accessories
Alemite Oil Mist Systems
Carbon Shield
Grease Nipples
Connectors & Hoses
Brushes
Grease Guns & Pumps
Gauges
Dropsa Dual Line Systems
Dropsa Pumps
Dropsa Dual Line Blocks
Dropsa Change Over Valves
Dropsa Pressure Relief Valves
Dropsa Progressive Systems
Dropsa SM0 -SMX Blocks
Dropsa SMP Blocks
Dropsa Pumps
Dropsa Single Line System
Dropsa 33V Injector System
Dropsa Pumps
Dropsa Pumps
Dropsa Bravo
Dropsa 989
Dropsa Sumo
Dropsa Prismart
Dropsa Dragon
Dropsa Manual Pump
Dropsa System Accessories
Dropsa VIP5
Dropsa Ultra Sensors
Dropsa Level Sensors
Dropsa Visual Sensors
Dropsa Spray Valve
Lincoln Industrial Pumps
Lincoln Metering Devices
Lincoln Multiline And Progressive
Lincoln Power Master
Lincoln System Spares and Components
Piusi Dispensers
Piusi Pumps
Piusi Fluid Monitoring Systems
Piusi Flow Meters
Piusi Nozzle Meters
Piusi Re-Fuelling Nozzles
Unist Coolubricator
Unist Single Line Serv-o-Spray
Unist Saw Blade Lube Systems
Unist Uni-Roller Systems
Unist Coolube – Advanced Metal Cutting Lubricant
Greasomatics
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
GDPR DATA PRIVACY NOTICE FOR WEBSITES
This is privacy notice of Allube Ltd
We respect your privacy and are determined to protect your personal data. The purpose of this privacy notice is to inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from). We’ll also tell you about your privacy rights and how the data protection law protects you.
This privacy notice is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below. View PDF Version.
WHO WE ARE AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION
THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
DATA SECURITY
DATA RETENTION
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE AND YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGES
QUERIES, REQUESTS OR CONCERNS
WHO WE ARE AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION
What is the purpose of this privacy notice?
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how we collect and process your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you complete our enquiry form.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
You must read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
Data controller(s)
Allube Ltd is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as Allube Ltd, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice). Our contact details are Allube Ltd, Unit 28 Newton Chambers Road, Thorncliffe Park, Chapeltown, Sheffield, S35 2PH / solutions@allube.co.uk / 0114 2454979. For all data matters contact Louise Scanlan on 0114 2454979 or email louisescanlan@allube.co.uk.
Allube Ltd is the controller and responsible for this website.
THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. You can find out more about personal data from the Information Commissioners Office.
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows
Identity Data includes First name, Last name and Title.
Contact Data includes Billing address, Delivery address, Email address & Telephone numbers.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect your personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
The completion of our enquiry form
Directly. You may give us your identity, contact and financial data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, and email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you
Apply for our products or services
Request marketing to be sent to you
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data to provide goods and services and to send marketing information and also in the following circumstances:
Performance of Contract this means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Legitimate Interest this means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us on 0114 2454979.
PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, with the legal bases we rely on to do so.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact Louise Scanlan if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including:
(a) Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will  include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you upon your request and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and group our business
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you.
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us or if you provided us with your details when you completed our enquiry form and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.]
Opting out
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the op-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by emailing solutions@allube.co.uk or louisescanlan@allube.co.uk at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product or service experience or other transactions.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact Louise Scanlan on 0114 2454979.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above.
Internal Third Parties: Sales Department
External Third Parties Service
Professional advisers [ACTING AS PROCESSORS OR JOINT CONTROLLERS] including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based [SPECIFIC COUNTRIES] who provide [CONSULTANCY, BANKING, LEGAL, INSURANCE AND ACCOUNTING SERVICES].
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities [ACTING AS PROCESSORS OR JOINT CONTROLLERS] based [IN THE UNITED KINGDOM] [WHO REQUIRE REPORTING OF PROCESSING ACTIVITIES IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES].
[SPECIFIC THIRD PARTIES [LISTED IN THE TABLE IN [PARAGRAPH 4] ABOVE] OR SUCH AS [SPECIFIC THIRD PARTIES]].]
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
We do not transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
DATA SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
DATA RETENTION
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Unless subject to an exemption under the data protection laws, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
The right to request a copy of the personal data which we hold about you;
The right to request that we correct any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary to retain such data;
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time, where consent was the lawful basis for processing your data;
The right to request that we provide you with your personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), where applicable 9i.e. where our processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of our contract with you or where we process your data by automated means);
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;
The right to object to our processing of personal data, where applicable i.e. where processing is based on our legitimate interests (or in performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing or processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics).
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact Louise Scanlan.
No fee required – with some exceptions
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable admin fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE AND YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGES
This version was last updated on 25/05/18.
From 25 May 2018 there will be changes in data protection laws and we will then be able to respond to some of your requests (for example, as request for the transfer of your person data). We are still working towards getting our systems ready for some of these changes.
Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current.
QUERIES, REQUESTS OR CONCERNS
To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints in relation to this policy or any other data protection matter between you and us, please in the first instance contact our Data Protection Officer Louise Scanlan on 0114 2454979.
If this does not resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office on 03031231113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, England, UK.
Please note – LHS Solicitors owns the copyright in this document.  You must not use this document in any way that infringes the intellectual property rights in it.  You may download and print this document which you may then use, copy or reproduce for your own internal non-profit making purposes. However, under no circumstances are you permitted to use, copy or reproduce this document with a view to profit or gain.  In addition, you must not sell or distribute this document to third parties who are not members of your organisation, whether for monetary payment or otherwise.
The content of this document has been written with best practices in mind, however this is not a substitute for taking legal advice on your circumstances. If you do require specific advice, get in touch with us and we’ll be happy to assist you.
Get In Touch
0114 2454979
solutions@allube.co.uk
Make An Enquiry
Please leave this field empty.
Latest Case Study
STEEL BILLET HOT SAW, OIL RE-CIRCULATION SYSTEM MODERNISATION
Posted by : Amy Allube - 07th Jul 2020
Read More
News & Updates
ALLUBE TURNS 40!
Posted by : Amy Allube - 12th Oct 2020
Read More
Featured Product
Alemite 14.4 Volt Lithium-Ion Grease Gun – 586 series
More information
About us
Located in Sheffield the heart of South Yorkshire, Allube have an established reputation for lubrication engineering, specialising in the supply and installation of lubrication equipment. Established for over 35 years we have a wealth of experience supplying bespoke installations into many blue chip companies.
Popular Products
Alemite Severe Duty Reel
Alemite Bung Adaptors
Piusi Easyoil Flexi Oil Dispensing Nozzles
Alemite Stainless Steel Fittings
Alemite Medium Heavy Duty Pumps
Dropsa Mini Sumo Pump
Product Range
Alemite
Allube
Dropsa
Lincoln
Piusi
Unist
Wymark
Get In Touch
Allube Ltd.
Unit 28,
Newton Chambers Road
Thorncliffe Park
Chapeltown
Sheffield
S35 2PH
+44 (0)114 2454979
solutions@allube.co.uk
Copyright 2020 © Allube Ltd | All Rights Reserved | Registered Company Number: 4416360 | VAT Number: 308537750 | Privacy Policy
Identify Web Design
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept
MENU
Home Page
About Us
Services
Advice
Design & Install
Garage Installations
Sales
Services & Repairs
Lubrication Systems
Products
Alemite
Grease Guns
Pumps
Industrial Lubrication Fittings
Alemite Reels
Control Valves & Meters
Oil Mist Systems
Allube
Dropsa
Lincoln
Piusi
Unist
Wymark
Allube MQL
Case Studies
News & Updates
Contact Us
FAQ