https://almag.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | ALMAG Aluminum
Privacy Policy - Almag Aluminum
Home
About
Back
About Us
History
Quality Control
Sustainability
Technology
Giving Back
Capabilities
Industries
Our People
Back
View Our People
Testimonials
Our Promise
News
Request Info
Resources
Glossary
Careers
Contact
1-888-462-5624
extrusions@almag.com
FR
Design
Extrude
Fabricate
Finish
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for almag.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 1.888.462.5624 or via email at extrusions@almag.com.
Recent News
ALMAG Aluminum is proud to be a Gold Standard winner in 2019!
Dependable Anodizing acquired by Almag Aluminum Owner Bob Peacock
ALMAG Aluminum appoints Joe Jackman to role of President
Almag Aluminum is requalified as one of 2017 Canada’s Best Managed Companies! (3 Years)
Bob Peacock – Winner
EY Entrepreneur Of The Year™ 2016 Award
Capabilities
Inspire Solutions
Aluminum Extrusion Design
Custom Aluminum Extrusions
Aluminum Extrusion Fabrication
Aluminum Extrusion Finishing
Extrusion Tolerances
3D Prototyping
Request Info
Resources
See our industries
Inspire Solutions
Aluminum Extrusion Design
Custom Aluminum Extrusions
Aluminum Extrusion Fabrication
Aluminum Extrusion Finishing
Extrusion Tolerances
3D Prototyping
22 Finley Road
Brampton ON
L6T 1A9
Canada
25452 Brewer Drive
Ardmore AL
35739
USA
Toll Free: 1.888.GO.ALMAG (1.888.462.5624)
Automated Attendant: 1.888.457.9480
Fax: 1.888.457.9006
E-mail: extrusions@almag.com
© 2020 Almag Aluminum All Rights Reserved. 							Privacy Policy
Website by Trew Knowledge