https://alphatec-engineering.com/privacy-and-cookies-policy
info@alphatec-engineering.com
+34 961 451 599
en
es
de
it
Privacy and cookies policy
Alphatec »
Privacy and cookies policy
Your privacy is important to us!
This website protects your privacy by adhering to the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union (GDPR). We will not use your data for any purpose that has not been consented to by you.
This Policy describes our practices with respect to (i) the personal information we gather on our website (ii) the way we use personal information internally; and (iii) our policy regarding sharing your personal information with others.
Cookie policy
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer or mobile device. They are commonly used to make websites work or work more efficiently. This is possible because websites are able to read and write this kind of files, enabling them to recognize you and to help the site provide a better user experience.
What information do we collect?
Name, Email address, Phone, Comments and document downloaded.
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
Refuse the use of cookies, change the cookie settings
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser’s advanced or custom privacy and security settings. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Privacy Policy
We would like to inform you in this data protection declaration about the nature, scope and purpose of the processing of personal data when you visit our website and about your rights in this regard.
How we use collected information
Any personal data that you give us will be treated with the utmost care and security. The personal data we collect is used to provide you with the service that you have requested or to respond to an enquiry that you have made.
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
Sharing your personal information
Unless we are given explicit permission to do so; we do not share, sell, trade, or rent Users personal information.
Alphatec Engineering S.L.
Last updated: 2020-06-02