https://alternativebalance.com/privacy-policy/
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Alternative Balance LLC and its affiliates and sponsors recognize the privacy concerns of our customers and potential customers who visit our web site. We want you to be aware that we collect information through our web site for our internal use. We intend to use information collected only in the normal course of our business and as permitted by law. No personal information is required when you visit our web site, however, certain information is collected in order to help us to better provide the products and services we offer.
Personal Information
We may collect non-public personal information about you from any or all of the following sources:
Applications or other forms received from you;
Insurance transactions for your conduct with us or our affiliates;
Claims information provided in the event of a claim; and
Consumer reporting agencies.
We do not disclose any non-public personal information we gather about our customers or former customers to anyone, except as permitted by law. We may disclose non-public personal information about you to related or third-party brokers and/or agents, to premium financial service companies, and to third-party companies who perform marketing services for us. We restrict access to your non-public personal information to those employees who need to know that information in order to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical and procedural safeguards to guard your non-public personal information. We may use your personal information for several purposes, such as monitoring the use of our web site so that we can make improvements; diagnosing and solving technical problems; fulfilling customer requests for certain products and services; and sending material of interest (if you have so requested). Sometimes we must collect medical information in conjunction with a claim. We do not use or share your medical information for any marketing purpose, unless we receive your permission.
Reviews
We may use customer information for the purpose of obtaining reviews about the services and programs that we provide. This may include, but is not limited to, giving customers’ names and e-mail addresses to third parties to facilitate and contact customers to obtain reviews. Customer information sent to third parties will be used solely for the purposes of gathering and managing feedback, or as required by law or by any court of competent jurisdiction. Reviews provided by customers may be published online and submitted to search engines. Customers may be contacted by a third party review service, but are under no obligation to provide a review.
Cookies
We may store a cookie on your computer when you visit our web site. A cookie is a piece of information that is required to create and maintain a secure session. With a cookie, each time your browser requests a page from the server, a message is sent to us. A cookie’s main objective is to identify users and personalize their visit by customizing web pages for them–for example, by welcoming them by name the next time they visit the same site. A site using cookies may invite you to provide personal information, such as your name, e-mail address and interests. Our cookies do not contain confidential or personal information. Our cookies do not track a user after leaving our web site.
E-mails
We may keep the e-mails you send to us. If you agree to receive e-mail messages from us, we will keep the information you give us to send e-mail of specific interest to you. Please be careful about the information you give us in e-mail. As with any public web site, this communication may not be secure.
Web Links
We may provide links to other web sites on our site. We are not responsible for the collection, use, or security of information by the companies or organizations outside of our site. Please read the privacy policies of those web sites reached through the use of links from our site.
Remarketing
We use Google AdWords remarketing audience lists to display ads to users that have previously visited our website. Google displays our remarketing ads when users visit sites that are a part of Google’s network of display and partner websites. Google uses cookies to serve ads based on your previous visits to our website. To opt out of Google’s use of cookies go here:
http://www.google.com/settings/ads. For further information regarding our privacy policy or for information we may have received from you, please contact us.
Customer Testimonial
“This has been a fantastic company to work with. This was my first time using Alternative Balance as a business owner and I couldn't be more pleased with the care and support that they offer.”
Lauren
Customer Testimonial
“Quick and complete with the necessary products. Offers the best chance for business success.”
Lance
Customer Testimonial
“Very nice, fast, convenient and organized.”
Sharon
Customer Testimonial
“It was a simple process. Made a phone call first before going online thank purchase and the agent was helpful and polite. Thank you!”
Carla
Customer Testimonial
“Learned about this company from a friend, very happy with my coverage. Uncomplicated and immediate coverage at your fingertips! Thanks”
Dunnia
Featured Members
Elaine MoenElaine is a certified personal trainer, yoga instructor, and life coach based in Brooklyn, New York. Her passion lies in helping others create their own reality, through self love and empowerment.Learn More
Molly Genandt, Elite Design TeamMolly's amazing work at Elite Design Team Salon & Day Spa focuses on giving you a place to achieve a level of higher well-being. She is passionate about delivering exceptional service and technical excellence with professionalism, courtesy, and creativity.Learn More
Caitlin Arce, Hundred Leaf Healing ArtsA womb healer and Divine Feminine energy worker, Caitlin offers guidance to women for embodiment and making decisions from a full body “yes!” Her work is also supportive for reproductive health concerns and includes Mayan abdominal massage. Her work is offered in-person and remotely.Learn More
Alice Long, 4 White SocksAlice is a Certified Equine Sports Massage Therapist, Masterson Method Certified Practitioner, and Masterson Method Equine Specialist. Committed to bettering the lives of the horses she meets, Alice also uses therapeutic grade essential oils in her practice.Learn More
Jenne Thakurwani, The Dashing Dog GroomeryJenne is a Professional Holistic Pet Groomer with over 13 years experience. She uses salon-quality natural products free of harsh chemicals. Jenne is a Lifetime Gold Member of the Intellectual Groomers Association and is actively working towards her Master Stylist Certification.
Learn More
Ben Raue, Plant Based BenBen helps men and women become the best versions of themselves by adopting a healthy plant based diet. Ben offers vegan lifestyle coaching, specializing in aiding you on your transitional journey to a more compassionate, healthy, and wholistic lifestyle.Learn More
Alternative Balance Support
COVID-19 ResourcesHelp VideosFAQBlogAnnouncementsEducation, Legislation & ResourcesAffiliate Program
Alternative Balance Blog
Helpful articles on business, industries we cover, wellness, and entrepreneurship.
Teaching Online Part One: What's your liability?
Teaching Online Part Two: Location regulations
Making Money Teaching Online - Is It For You?
7 Malpractice Myth Busters
Reopening Your Business? How to be prepared
Not ready to buy?
Planning ahead and don't want to forget? Let us remind you! Schedule the day you want to purchase a policy, and we'll send you a reminder.
Schedule A Reminder
Some of Our Current Sponsors
Call: 1-800-871-3848
41 Liberty Hill, Bldg 2, Henniker, NH 03242
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Partner With Us
Affiliate Program
CallFree Estimate
CallFree Estimate
TOP