https://alternativeprecision.com/privacy-statement
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OK
Privacy Statement
Home
Company Profile
Services
Production Gallery
Meet The Team
FAQ’s
Brochure
Contact Us
This privacy policy statement sets out the data processing practices carried out through your use of this web site by Alternative Precision Sheetmetal.
T: +44(0)1792 581032
E: sales@apsm.co.uk
Links
This privacy policy only covers the Alternative Precision Sheetmetal web site at https://alternativeprecision.com/.
Information collected
We collect personal information from visitors to this web site through the use of enquiry forms and every time you e-mail us your details. Other than this, we do not store or capture personal information but simply log your IP address (this is the technical standard which ensures messages get from one host to another and that the messages are understood) which is automatically recognised by the web server – Additional information may also be logged by third party services including Google through the inclusion of the Google Analytics tag. In addition to Google Analytics we use FastBase to analytise our web activity – view the FastBase privacy policy. We use the tawk.to chat facility to answer your queries in real time, however in the interests of your privacy we have the ip monitoring functionality switched off – please see the tawk.to GDPR Policy, here – https://www.tawk.to/data-protection/gdpr/.
Use of personal information
We process personal information collected via this web site for the purposes of: –
Identifying potential customers.
Dealing with your requests and enquiries.
Providing you with information about products and services offered by Alternative Precision Sheetmetal.
We do not sell personal information collected through this site or use your personal information for any other purposes than those stated above.
Cookies
Cookies may be used by us to provide you with customised information from our web site. A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. Cookies allow us to understand who has seen which pages and advertisements, to determine how frequently particular pages are visited and to determine the most popular areas of our web site. Cookies may also allow us to make our web site more user friendly by, for example, allowing us to save your password so that you do not have to re-enter it every time to visit our web site. We use cookies, including third party cookies, so that we can give you a better experience when you return to our web site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. You do not have to accept cookies, and you should read the information that came with your browser software to see how you can set up your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, this will give you the opportunity to decide whether to accept it. If you disable cookies from your browser you may not be able to access certain features of a particular web site.
For more information about our use of cookies please see https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/
Security
We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information. All the data collected by us is stored on a secure server. The secure server software encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us.
Third party advertising services
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google and Facebook, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Goatman & Batham website. Any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy, Google’s privacy policy, and Facebook’s privacy policy.
Using your information for fraud prevention
We may share your personal information with fraud prevention agencies. If false or inaccurate information is provided and fraud is identified, details of this fraud will be passed to those agencies to prevent fraud and money laundering.
Disclosures
Alternative Precision Sheetmetal will not disclose personal information to other companies and suppliers as we do not use third parties to process your data.
Personal Data and your rights
If we collect any personal data from you, you have the right to receive/amend/delete information about the personal data we hold about you. Alternative Precision Sheetmetal do not charge a fee for this unless we believe the request is excessive or unfounded. If we refuse a request we will tell the individual why and that they have the right to complain to the supervisory authority and to judicial remedy. Alternative Precision Sheetmetal will do this without undue delay and at the latest within 1-month.
If at any time you no longer wish to receive any of our e-bulletins, newsletters or other information for which you have subscribed our partner retailer process, then please contact us so that we can remove your relevant details.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. You should check this page regularly to see our most up to date policy. We will tell you about any changes to this privacy policy by showing the date of the changes in the ‘Last updated’ section below. By using the website after the date we make any changes, you are agreeing to the changes.
Last updated: February 2019