http://altegris.org/privacy
Privacy | Altegris Privacy Policy
CONTACT
CAREERS
PRESS
My Profile
My Account Settings
Help
Notifications
Individual Investors
Individual Investors
You are currently viewing the Individual Investors version of the Altegris.com site. If you are NOT an individual investor, please select the correct link below.
Financial Professionals
Institutions & Family Offices
Login
Forgot Your Login/Password?
Do you know your username but would like to reset your password? GO NOWIf you have forgotten your username, please contact your Client Relationship Manager by phone at (800) 828-5225.
My Profile
My Account Settings
Help
Logout
Save
My Profile
Change Your Password
*Required fields
Minimum length of 8 characters
Minimum length of 30 characters
Requires at least one letter and one number
Require a special character (!,@,#,$,%,^,&)
Can't reuse last 3 passwords
Current Password:
New Password:
* Re-enter New Password:
Email
Current Email:
Change Email
I would like to receive the following type(s) of emails:
NewslettersNewsletters
Webinar Invitations
Webinar Invitations
Conference Invitations
Conference Invitations
Strategy and Product Related Emails
Strategy and Product Related Emails
Whitepapers
Whitepapers
Press Releases and Announcements
Press Releases and Announcements
Unsubscribe me from all emails
Unsubscribe me from all emails
Phone
Primary Phone:
Primary Phone Extension (Optional):
Secondary Phone:
Mobile:
Preferred Phone Number:
General Preferences
Preferred Contact Method:
Default Login Page:
Save
My Account Settings
Select your account view settings below and click the Save button to apply your preferences.
Summary Views
Total Assets View
Open or closed upon login
Expand
Collapse
Entity Composite View
Open or closed upon login
Expand
Collapse
List Views
Funds List View
Open or closed upon login
Expand
Collapse
List Orders
Funds List Order
Open or closed upon login
Alphabetical Ascending
Alphabetical Descending
Inception Oldest to Newest
Inception Newest to Oldest
Website Help
Looking for alternatives?
Altegris has one core mission:
Identify superior investment capabilities and deliver effective, sustainable portfolio solutions for our clients.
FinancialProfessionals
Financial Professionals
Alternative investments, available in actively managed mutual funds and private funds that help your clients navigate today's market.
GO NOW
Institutions &Family Offices
Institutions & Family Offices
Exclusive alternative investment programs packaged in futures managed accounts, private funds and actively managed mutual funds.
GO NOW
IndividualInvestors
Individual Investors
Private funds and actively managed mutual funds that give you access to institutional-quality alternative managers.
GO NOW
Toggle navigation
Altegris
About Altegris
Core Leadership Team
Investment Committee
Research Approach
Alternatives
What are Alternatives?
Why Invest in Alternatives?
Altegris Academy
Perspectives
Altegris Glossary
Funds
Continuously Offered Closed-End Fund
Altegris KKR Commitments Fund
Private Funds
Login or register to view private funds
Mutual Funds
Altegris/AACA Opportunistic Real Estate Fund
Altegris Futures Evolution Strategy Fund
My Profile
Individual Investors
Financial Professionals
Institutions & Family Offices
Login
Press
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
How We Use & Protect Your Information
The Altegris group of companies are among a group of affiliated companies wholly-owned and controlled primarily by Aquiline Capital Partners LLC and its affiliates (“Aquiline”) and Genstar Capital Management, LLC and its affiliates (“Genstar”), by certain other private equity investors, and by certain senior management of Altegris. Established in 2005, Aquiline focuses its investments exclusively in the financial services industry. Established in 1988, Genstar focuses its investment efforts across a variety of industries and sectors, including financial services. The Altegris companies are providing this notice to explain their information collection practices and other important information. These measures reflect our commitment to maintaining the privacy of your confidential information. We appreciate the confidence you have shown by entrusting us with your assets.
Information We Collect
We collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive about you on applications and other forms including subscription documents, questionnaires and online registration forms, whether we receive the form in writing or electronically. For example, this information may include your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, tax identification number, income and other financial data, investment experience, and possibly your personal bank account information.
Information about your transactions and account history with us, our affiliates and others. This includes information about other products you have purchased through our affiliated companies, such as information about additions and redemptions.
Information we receive about you from third parties such as solicitors, brokers, selling agents, advisers, product sponsors and clearing firms and/or their service providers. These parties may include affiliates of the Altegris companies.
Information from online forms you complete and data we receive when you visit one of our websites (such as internet protocol address, browser software).
Disclosure of Your Information
We do not disclose any personal or financial information about you, whether you are our current or former client, without your authorization or direction, except as disclosed below.
We may share information about you with affiliated or nonaffiliated third parties, in order for them to assist us in providing services to you, as part of joint marketing arrangements or for purposes of jointly offering a product or service. In addition, we may share information about you as required by regulatory authorities or law enforcement officials, and to the extent reasonably necessary to prevent fraud and unauthorized transactions, or as otherwise as permitted by law.
Affiliated and nonaffiliated third parties who receive information about you in order to assist us in providing services to you are not permitted to use your information for any purpose other than to assist our servicing of your account(s), including helping us improve the services we offer, or as permitted by law.
If there is a change to our Privacy Policy, the new policy will be posted on our website: www.altegris.com and attached to any notice of such change, with a visible effective date.
Confidentiality and Security
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees and third parties who need to know that information to assist us in providing services to you. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard your nonpublic personal information.
The Internet: Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms
We use cookies on our websites to enhance a visitor’s experience on the site and to make decisions about ways to improve the website. A cookie (or browser cookies) is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. It contains information about preferences for using a website that have been established by someone using a browser on that computer. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you access or use our website. Cookies are used to store visitors’ preferences, collect information about how visitors use the website, analyze user trends and improve the website. Specific to the password protected websites, cookies are used to track the visitor’s use of the site, including times logged-in and pages and documents viewed. Cookies are also used to display the visitor’s name at the top of the site and if a visitor clicks “remember me”, a cookie is used to allow a visitor to re-enter the Site without having to log in again.
We may disclose the presence of a cookie to third parties in order to advertise our services. For example, we may ask advertisers to display ads promoting our services on other websites based on the presence of a cookie. We may also contract with third-party advertising networks, including Google that use cookies, or other tracking technologies to collect certain non-personal information about your activities on the website and on third-party websites to provide you with targeted advertising based upon your interests. We may also use cookies delivered by third parties to track the performance of our advertisements.
You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. Most recent browsers provide the flexibility to reject all cookies, accept all cookies, or accept cookies only from sites you trust. The site, www.allaboutcookies.org, includes instructions for managing cookies on many commonly used browsers, or you may visit Google’s Ads settings to opt out of Google’s use of cookies. Please note that if you refuse to accept browser cookies, your access to or use of certain portions of the website may be limited.
Do Not Track Disclosure
Given the nature of our data collection, use and disclosure activities described above, we do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, such as “Do Not Track” requests.
Children’s Privacy
The websites are not directed toward children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
Questions
Should you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us by email or by regular mail at:
Altegris Companies
1200 Prospect Street, Suite 400
La Jolla, CA 92037
Attention: Privacy Officer
Email: compliance@altegris.com
Effective Date - 08/27/2020
Who will see my information?
We do not sell or distribute your information to third-party marketers. Only authorized employees of Altegris Investments and certain service providers (such as our accountants and lawyers) will have access to your personal information.
Security Technology
Your security is important to us. We use 128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology to protect your information. This is the current industry standard for secure Internet transactions.
Send to a friend
Recipient’s email:
Separate multiple e-mails with a comma.
Your name:
Send yourself a copy:
Your email:
Message (optional):
Your email has been sent.
Email unable to be sent.
Please recheck your entries on the previous screen.
Go now
Enter Your Email Address
Email provided does not have access to this document.
Even if you have never registered, if you are a licensed investment professional, we may have your information on file. Simply enter your email address to access our content that is created exclusively for financial professionals.
Email:
All information provided to us will be held in accordance with our PRIVACY POLICY.
Member registration
Are you a high net worth investor?
By registering, you'll have access to detailed information on Altegris private funds and managed accounts, in-depth research and exclusive content from our premier managers.
As you know, many alternative investments, including hedge funds and managed futures, are only available to sophisticated investors who meet certain strict regulatory requirements. In order for us to determine that you are qualified for the private funds we offer, regulations require us to gather certain confidential information from you. Because investment opportunities will vary from person to person depending on net worth, liquidity, income and investment objectives, among other factors, it is best for you as a prospective investor to provide accurate and complete responses to the following requests for information.
Register now to qualify for access to specific information on our private funds and managed accounts, including performance and research. All information provided to us will be held in accordance with ourPRIVACY POLICY
Looking for mutual funds?
GO NOW
Already registered?
Login
Forgot Your Password?
Thank you for registering! We will contact you soon.
Before you can access the Member Section of the Altegris website,
we are required, by law, to have a conversation with you to verify information and to help us determine, if you are interested in and suitable for specific funds or other alternative investments. We will contact you within the next several days.
At Altegris, we value our commitment to our customer relationships. If you would prefer not to wait for our call, please feel free to contact us at the number below for immediate assistance.
(800) 828-5225
7:30 am to 4:00 pm Pacific Time,
Monday through Friday.
Thank you for registering!
Please check the email address with which you registered for instructions on setting your Altegris password. Once your password has been set, you will be able to use it to log in to the Member Section of the Altegris website.
Before we show you information on specific funds or other alternative investments, we are required, by law, to have a conversation with you to verify information and to help us determine, if you are interested in and suitable for these types of investments. We will contact you within the next several days.
(888) 351-8485
7:30 am to 4:00 pm Pacific Time,
Monday through Friday.
There was a problem attempting to submit your registration.
Your registration could not be completed at this time.
Starting Text
Altegris Alternatives Allocator
Since 1990 market conditions have varied greatly. Slide the lever below the pie chart to see how alternatives could have historically affected a traditional portfolio's return and volatility from January 1990 through September 2016, as measured by various indices.
Of course, there is no guarantee that any investment will achieve its objectives, generate profits or avoid losses.
Past performance is not indicative of future results. There is no guarantee that any investment will achieve its objectives, generate profits or avoid losses. This is for illustrative purposes only and is not indicative of any investment. No assumptions should be made that similar asset allocations will be profitable, suitable, or perform as indicated above. Allocations and their percentages should change based on an individual investor’s needs. Chart total may not equal 100% due to rounding. Alternatives represented by HFRI Fund Weighted Composite Index. US Stocks represented by S&P 500 TR Index; International Stocks represented by MSCI EAFE Index; US Bonds by Barclays US Aggregate Bond Index. The referenced indices are shown for general market comparisons and are not meant to represent any investment. Indices are not available for direct investment. Source: Altegris, Barclays, Bloomberg, HFR.
Email:
If you have forgotten your email, please contact your Client Relationship Manager by phone at (800) 828-5225.
Success!
An email is on its way to the email address we have on file for your account. Please use the link in the email to reset your password.
Please feel free to contact us at the number below should you need assistance.
(800) 828-5225
7:30 am to 4:00 pm Pacific Time,
Monday through Friday.
Error
There was a problem attempting to reset your password. Please contact us at the number for further assistance.
(800) 828-5225
7:30 am to 4:00 pm Pacific Time,
Monday through Friday.
Error
The username you provided could not be found in our database. Please try a different username or contact us at the number for further assistance.
(800) 828-5225
7:30 am to 4:00 pm Pacific Time,
Monday through Friday.
Error
We could not find an email address associated with that username. Please contact us at the number for further assistance.
(800) 828-5225
7:30 am to 4:00 pm Pacific Time,
Monday through Friday.
© Copyright 2020, Altegris|Form CRS|Privacy|Terms of Use|Business Continuity Plan|FINRA BrokerCheck| Follow Altegris: @altegris on Twitter
PAST RESULTS ARE NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS.
THERE IS NO GUARANTEE THAT ANY INVESTMENT WILL ACHIEVE ITS OBJECTIVES, GENERATE PROFITS OR AVOID LOSSES.
Hedge funds, commodity pools, and other alternative investments involve a high degree of risk and can be illiquid due to restrictions on transfer and lack of a secondary trading market. They can be highly leveraged, speculative, and volatile, and an investor could lose all or a substantial amount of an investment. Alternative investments may lack transparency as to share price, valuation, and portfolio holdings. Complex tax structures often result in delayed tax reporting. Compared to mutual funds, hedge funds, and commodity pools are subject to less regulation and often charge higher fees. Mutual funds involve risk including possible loss of principal. Alternative investment managers typically exercise broad investment discretion and may apply similar strategies across multiple investment vehicles, resulting in less diversification. Trading may occur outside the United States which may pose greater risks than trading on U.S. exchanges and in U.S. markets.
Investment advisory services are provided by Altegris Advisors, LLC. Altegris Advisors, LLC is an SEC registered investment adviser; however, such registration does not imply a certain level of skill or training and no inference to the contrary should be made. For detailed information about Altegris Advisors, LLC’s services and fees, please read Altegris Advisors' Form ADV Part 2A, which can be found at https://adviserinfo.sec.gov/ or contact us at 858-459-7040 to request a copy.
The Altegris group of affiliated companies is wholly-owned and controlled (i) primarily by private equity funds managed by Aquiline Capital Partners LLC and its affiliates (“Aquiline”), and by Genstar Capital Management, LLC and its affiliates (“Genstar”), (ii) by certain other private equity investors, and (iii) by certain senior management of Altegris and other affiliates. Established in 2005, Aquiline focuses its investments exclusively in the financial services industry. Established in 1988, Genstar focuses its investment efforts across a variety of industries and sectors, including financial services.
SIPC ©
Warning: Browser not supported
Some pages may not work as intended on your browser. Please use a current version of Chrome, FireFox, Edge, Safari, or IE10+.
Login Error
There was an issue retrieving your profile. Please try to login again.