https://altronic.com/privacy-policy
(870) 449-4093 or toll free 1-800-482-LOAD (5623)
customerservice@altronic.com
Facebook
Facebook
Privacy Policy
We recognize that respecting user privacy over the Internet is of utmost importance. This privacy statement is designed to provide information about the privacy and data collection practices for the site: http://www.altronic.com. The Site is operated by Altronic Research.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact our site coordinator at lorriem@altronic.com or by postal mail to:
Altronic Research Inc.
P.O. Box 249
Yellville, AR, USA
72687
Identifying Information
In general, you can visit the Site without telling us who you are or providing any information about yourself. In some areas of the Site, we ask you to provide information that will enable us to process an order, assist you with technical support issues or to follow up with you. Generally, Altronic Research requests identifying information when you request information or files from technical support or customer service.
In these instances, Altronic Research will ask for your name, address, e-mail address, phone number and other appropriate information needed to provide you with these services. In all instances, if you receive a newsletter or other mailing from us, you will always be able to “unsubscribe” to these mailings at any time.
What Altronic Research Will Do With Your Information
If you choose to give us personal information for any of the purposes above, this information is retained by Altronic Research and will only be used by Altronic to support your customer relationship with us. We will not add you to a mailing list, or newsletter without your registration for this service. We will only contact you if further information is required from you to complete a service.
What Others May Do With Your Information
Altronic does not share, rent, or sell any personally identifying information provided through our Site (such as your name or email address) to any outside organization for use in its marketing or solicitations. From time to time Altronic Research may use agents or contractors who will have access to your personal information to perform services for Altronic Research (such as database maintenance), however, they are required by us to keep the information confidential and may not use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services for Altronic Research. In addition, Altronic Research may also share aggregate information about its customers and its web site visitors to advertisers, business partners, and other third parties. None of this information, however, will contain personal, identifying information about our users.
Third Party Links
Altronic.com could provide links to other sites. Other Internet sites and services have separate privacy and data collection practices. Once you leave www.Altronic.com, Altronic Research cannot control, and has no responsibility for, the privacy policies or data collection activities at another site.
Cookies
At times, we will use a feature on your web browser to send your computer a “cookie”. We do not use cookies to retrieve any personal information from your computer. We only use cookies to learn ways to enhance our Sites, and to give you better, more personalized service while in our web site. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is sent. However, some functions of the Sites will not function if you refuse cookies. These areas of our web site will have information posted about cookies, and when a cookie will be uploaded to your computer.
Children’s Privacy Protection
Altronic Research is sensitive to the heightened need to protect the privacy of children under the age of 13. The vast majority of the material on our web site is not intended for children and is not targeted to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect data from children and, if we learn that we have received personal data from a child, we will remove this information from our database.
Changes to this Policy
Altronic Research may from time to time revise its privacy policy. You should therefore periodically visit this page, so you are aware of any such revisions. We will not, however, use your existing information in a manner not previously disclosed. You will be advised and have the opportunity to opt out of any new use of your information.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy and/or the practices of our web site, you can write to:
Altronic Research Inc.
P.O. Box 249
Yellville, AR
72687