http://alturastatebank.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Good day, and thank you for your interest and for choosing our site! Unless stated otherwise, these terms of use provided by the company apply to your use of all the websites that we operate. These provisions also apply to all services, information, products, contents, and materials that we will produce and provide including, without limitation, the license chooser and proper tools.
By clicking “I ACCEPT,” we assume that you have thoroughly read, understood, and agreed to be bound by the following rules and regulations. If you disagree with the terms provided, you will not be authorized to use any of our content, materials, and services.
User Content And Limitations
User Content includes all information that you submit in your Account. You are exclusively and solely responsible and bear all risks for your user content. Because you are responsible for your user content, you are liable for anything that can happen. Our company is not obliged to back up the content that you post, and if there will be offensive or harmful material posted, we will delete your user content.
Certain parts of our website allow you to post and exchange opinions, information, data, and content. Our site does not screen, edit, review, or publish comments before the appearance of your and other users’ comments. The comments sent by you and other users do not reflect the views and opinions of the website and the company.
We reserve the right to screen and monitor all comments and to remove remarks that are inappropriate, offensive, harmful, triggering, or in breach of these Terms of Use.
Terms Of Termination
We will automatically terminate, block, or suspend your account once detected that
1. You violate any third-party or the company right to intellectual property.
2. You abuse, harass, post, or comment offensive, tortious, or threatening remarks or invade other user’s privacy and in any way deprive them of the free and enjoyable use of the site.
3. You post or comment harmful remarks to minors.
4. You post or comment fake and unreliable news or articles.
5. You distribute, copy, reproduce, post without source, plagiarize, and sell other user or third-party content.
You do at this moment authorize the company to take full action if there will be similar activities
on your account and do necessary measures if there will be a breach of Terms of Use.