http://alturastatebank.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – ALTURA STATE BANK
Skip to content
Search for:
ALTURA STATE BANK
excellence in banking services
Primary Menu
About
Banking News
Pros & Cons Of Digital Banking
Knowing Banking System
Contact
Privacy Policy
We’re Back
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Who we are
Our website, http://alturastatebank.com. formulated this Privacy Policy with the sole and true intention of informing our users (“you” or “users”) about how we collect, secure, use, and disclose the personally identifying details that you provide to us.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you visit [web address], you will notice that there is no need for you to sign up or log in to be able to access various parts of our site. Despite that, if you want to leave us a message or send an inquiry regarding a specific blog post, we are entitled to ask for some personal information from you, such as first and last name, email address, and mobile number.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
The personally identifying data that you send to us will only be utilized to improve our blogs and other
services. It will never be disclosed publicly unless:
– You are under investigation, and the law requires us to divulge your personal information.
– We need to protect our rights and policies.
– We have third-party providers who will host, send emails, analyze data, and perform digital marketing on our behalf.
SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
While securing your personal data 100% is close to impossible in the virtual world, you should know that we only employ commercially acceptable means to protect your information in our database.
COOKIES
[Website name] tends to send out cookies – small files that get stored in your computer – sometimes to be able to improve our services. Although most browsers will receive cookies from any website on automatic, you are free to decide if you will take these cookies or not by modifying your settings. Remember, however, that doing so may prevent you from accessing various parts of the site.
CONTACT US
We are open to answering questions that you may have regarding this Privacy Policy. Kindly forward your message to us through the contact page.
Search for:
Follow UsArchives
September 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
June 2019
February 2019
January 2019
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
June 2018
April 2018
February 2018
Recent Posts
Finances And Mental Health
Building A Family And Managing Finances
Remembering How Iceland Imprisoned 9 Bankers Due To 2008 Crisis Amid A Pandemic
Business Must Go On Even With This Pandemic
Protected: What To Do Before Making Investments
Recent CommentsCategories
Banking News
Knowing Banking System
Pros & Cons Of Digital Banking
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Terms and Conditions
Copyright All rights reserved
|
Theme: Bizprime by Themeinwp
Close
Menu
About
Banking News
Pros & Cons Of Digital Banking
Knowing Banking System
Contact
Privacy Policy
We’re Back
Search
Search for: