https://amarichmond.org/privacy/
HomeJoinWhy Join AMA?Membership OptionsCollegiate ChaptersAPPLY NOWBadge Order FormConnectConnect with usSpecial Interest GroupsVolunteerMentorship ProgramStudentsEventsSponsorsCurrent SponsorsBecome a SponsorJobsFind a JobPost a JobBlogAboutOur ChapterOne Chapter AllianceBoard MembersPast PresidentsAMA ScholarshipContactRecommend a SpeakerPrivacyBy using any AMA Richmond website and opting in to other methods of communication, YOU AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS.The following Richmond Chapter of the American Marketing Association (AMA Richmond or “we” or “our”) Terms of Use and Privacy Policy apply to all AMA Richmond electronic communication, including the AMA Richmond websites located at www.amarichmond.org, additional websites or domains that we may adopt, and other electronic communications that we may send to you (e.g., email messages). The Terms of Use describe what you can access and how you can use our website, information, and materials. We are committed to protecting your privacy. The Privacy Policy explains how we gather and use the information that we collect from you.By using any AMA Richmond website and opting in to other methods of communication, YOU AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS.Terms of Use We may change these policies from time to time by updating this page. Your continued use of this site and other methods of communication after we post any revised policy means that you accept our revised policy.The Organization AMA Richmond is a Richmond organization with its principal address at: PO Box 31881, Henrico, VA 23294; Email: info@amarichmond.org. Ownership, License, Use This website and other methods of communication are owned and operated by AMA Richmond. AMA Richmond owns all rights in the names AMA Richmond, Richmond Chapter of the American Marketing Association, and various other AMA Richmond trade names, trademarks, and service marks and reserves all rights to such property. This website and all materials appearing on them are protected by copyright and may not be used without our prior written permission. Any other trademarks or copyrighted materials appearing on the website or in related materials are the property of their respective owners and may not be used without our permission.You may access and use the materials and information on our website or in related materials as they appear there for your own personal use, educational advancement, or professional development. Any materials that you download for your own use must maintain all copyright or other notices. Except as we expressly permit, any redistribution, retransmission, commercial exploitation, or other uses are strictly prohibited.You shall not copy or edit the materials, or integrate them into any other media. You shall not claim ownership or authorship, or otherwise use the materials except as we expressly permit. You shall not hack into our website, or otherwise gain unauthorized access to or make improper use of our content or website.No Representations or Warranties We provide you access to the information and materials on our site on an “AS IS” basis without any representations or warranties. AMA RICHMOND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. We reserve the right to amend or withdraw our information, materials, and services at any time without notice. We are not responsible or liable for any interruption or discontinuation of the website or our subscriptions. We also have the right to terminate your access to all or part of our website or our subscriptions without notice. While we offer a wide variety of useful information, materials, and services, we make no promises about the content, your ability to secure a position, or advance in your career. By using this site and other methods of communication, you confirm that you have not relied on any of their respective content.Exclusion of Liability AMA Richmond shall not be liable for any damages, including special, incidental, or consequential damages, or lost profits that are in any way related to the distribution, use, or inability to use the information or materials on this website, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. In all events, our total liability is limited to the amount, if any, that you actually paid us for accessing this website.Third Party Links We occasionally link to third party sites. This is to provide you with additional information but does not mean that we endorse or are otherwise affiliated with such websites. We have no responsibility for the content or activities on those sites.Your Responsibility You are responsible for complying with the laws of the jurisdiction wherever you are located, and you agree that you will not access or use this site, its information, or materials in violation of such laws.General We may revise these terms at any time without notice. By continuing to access and use this site, you consent to these policies. Your obligations may not be sublicensed or assigned without our prior permission. These policies constitute the entire agreement between us governing your access and use of our site and all such information and material. If any provision of these policies is unenforceable, it shall be modified to provide AMA Richmond with the greatest protection possible. Your obligations to respect our intellectual property (trademarks, copyrights, website, and related content) continue even after you stop using the site or our materials. These policies are governed by the laws of Virginia, and any dispute between us shall be brought in the state or federal courts located in Virginia. You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of those courts. If you have violated or threatened to violate these policies, we may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief against you; this is in addition to any claims for damages that we may have. You agree to pay all of our costs of enforcement, including reasonable attorney fees.Privacy Policy AMA Richmond is committed to protecting your personal information. As AMA Richmond, its members, services, and programs change, its Privacy Policy will likewise adapt. We reserve the right to amend the Privacy Policy at any time, for any reason.What We Collect When you become a member of AMA Richmond or register for an event as a guest, we collect selected, limited information. First, we may collect contact information such as your name, email address, mailing address and phone number. Second, we may collect information about where you work, the type of work you do (i.e. advertising, marketing research, student, etc.) and your marketing responsibilities.We also take photographs and make video recordings at our events to document and promote the value to our members and prospective members.How We Use the Information We use your information to provide you with the best possible experience. We may share your information to the extent necessary:To comply with the American Marketing Association rules and requirements; When necessary for outside organizations to provide limited services on our behalf (this information will only be provided with clear privacy parameters in place to ensure your information is protected); To comply with the laws of the State of Virginia, federal laws, or to protect AMA Richmond’s interests; To understand our membership and develop programs and services geared towards them; To deliver and process surveys; To answer your emails or online requests; To provide service communications (order confirmations, program registrations, etc.); To compile membership directories or registration lists, as explained below; or To offer you products or services that may be of interest to you. As a professional organization, we may publish your name on our website, or on our social media channels, or in print to allow other marketing professionals and the public to find you, including but not limited to directories, registration lists or membership lists. These publications may include your company name but will never include sensitive information such as your contact information.By entering the event premises, members consent to photography and/or video recording and its release, publication, exhibition, or reproduction to be used for promotional purposes, inclusion on websites, or any other purpose approved by AMA Richmond.If AMA Richmond does share your information, it will be done in the most restrictive way possible to ensure your information is kept private. AMA Richmond will never sell, rent, or give away the contact information of our members to unrelated third-parties, affiliates or AMA members for promotional purposes.Access Privileges We use information collected during registration to verify that you have the rights to access AMA Richmond-member-only content, and that you qualify for various AMA Richmond-member discounts and promotions.Use of IP Address We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website.Site Monitoring & Maintenance We use your registration information to measure the user traffic of various sections of the site. This information is used on an aggregate level only, and the site does not record the specific content viewed by any individual user.Periodically, we perform site maintenance activities that may disrupt the normal operations of the site. We endeavor to perform routine maintenance during non-peak hours. Occasionally, unforeseen interruptions occur to normal operation of the site. We are committed to correcting these as soon as possible.E-Commerce We offer a wide variety of products and services which may be offered either directly, through an affiliate acting on our behalf, or by third parties to whom we have established links from our website to make their products and services available to you.E-Commerce Transactions When you place an order online with us, your personal details and credit card information are scrambled using industry-standard SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption technology before being sent over the Internet. Although we cannot guarantee encryption or the privacy of your personal details and credit card information, SSL makes it very difficult for your information to be stolen or intercepted while being transferred.Credit card transactions are maintained by Authorize.net. All information sent to Authorize.net is compliant with Payment Card Industry (PCI) data security standards, which will protect it against disclosure to third parties. When we receive your order, it is sent to Authoirze.net over SSL to process it. For further information about Authorize.net’s privacy and security practices go to: http://www.authorize.net.AMA Richmond Event Registration Credit card transactions made with us (which include membership applications and conference registrations) are encrypted via SSL certificate. All credit card information we receive is compliant with Payment Card Industry (PCI) data security standards and is passed directly to Authorize.net over SSL.Trusted Service Providers Our Trusted Service Providers are responsible for their own policies and procedures during e-commerce transactions. Review their policies regarding e-commerce transactions on any provider’s site. We are not responsible for products and services transactions that are conducted at any third-party websites.We may also employ other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples of such services include sending postal mail, e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance (including direct and targeted marketing), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These Trusted Service Providers have access to selected personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.In certain circumstances, we may share your customer information with Trusted Service Providers that need access to your information to provide operational or other support services. We also may provide information to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable law or when we otherwise believe in good faith that the law requires it.Your personal information collected during site registration or when you sign up for our membership will not be sold to third parties for e-mail marketing or telemarketing campaigns. Your contact information may be shared with third parties engaged by AMA Richmond to speak at AMA Richmond sponsored events if you have registered for such events.Return Policy If an attendee changes his/her mind about attending an AMA Richmond event for which he/she has registered the attendee must notify AMA Richmond 48 hours prior to the event. If the attendee notifies AMA Richmond 48 hours prior to the event, AMA Richmond will issue a full refund of the attendee’s registration fee. AMA Richmond will not refund a registration or payment if the attendee does not notify AMA Richmond 48 hours prior to the event. Any refunds provided under this policy will be issued to the credit/debit card(s) used for the purchase and will be processed within 21 business days of confirmation.Advertisers Advertisers on our website, which may include traditional banner-style ads, listings in directories, or advertisements in email messages are responsible for their own policies and procedures during e-commerce transactions. We recommend that you review the advertiser’s policy regarding e-commerce transactions on such advertiser sites. We are not responsible for products and services transactions that are conducted at advertiser websites.Use of Cookies When you view our website we might store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a “cookie” or similar file. Cookies are small pieces of information, collected by a web browser and stored on your hard drive, not on our site. Cookies do not spy on you or otherwise invade your privacy, and they cannot invade your hard drive and steal information. Rather, they help you navigate a website more easily.We use cookies to enhance your experience in using our website, display registered user names on their Personal Home Page, confirm users’ access rights to certain “access restricted” areas of the site, display their content preferences, and improve search functionality. We also use cookies to track visitor traffic by visitor type (aggregated, not individual) for the purpose of understanding what content users find most valuable.Because we use cookies, we can deliver faster service, consistent, updated results, and a more personalized site experience. You have the option of setting your browser to reject cookies. However, doing this will hinder performance and negatively impact your experience on our site.Public Forum This website may make public chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to you from time to time. We may impose separate terms of use regarding content and activity at such public areas. Further, we may monitor and/or edit posts to those areas. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding whether to disclose any personal information.Children We do not specifically collect online contact information from children nor do we target or sell products for purchase by children.Security This website has industry standard security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. While there is no such thing as “perfect security” on the Internet, we will take reasonable steps to insure the safety of your personal information.E-Mail and Other Communications from AMA Richmond We offer educational programs and events that may be of use to individual marketers to develop new skills or advance their careers. Information from registration is used to determine whom to contact, typically via e-mail, with an invitation to participate. By registering on any AMA Richmond site, registering for an AMA Richmond online event, providing us your contact information, or otherwise enrolling in this service, you have agreed to be bound by the terms and conditions in this Agreement. If you do not agree with this Agreement, you must immediately cease using these services and contact us as provided below.For our email communications, AMA Richmond members, registered users of any AMA Richmond site and other AMA Richmond customers may opt out at any time by using the “Unsubscribe” mechanism within the e-mail, which allows email recipients to manage their subscription preferences regarding AMA Richmond e-newsletters, e-mail alerts, and special offers. This mechanism does not allow a user to opt out of receiving transactional e-mail, such as registration confirmation, product, service, or membership benefit updates, and responses to direct requests. Content is not available on all carriers, or compatible with all cell phone models.Additionally, AMA Richmond members and website registered users may opt out of receiving e-mail communications or change their preferences accessible from “My Profile” located on the AMA Richmond website (currently at www.amarichmond.org).E-newsletter subscription preferences are managed through MailChimp email preferences.Changes to subscription preferences will be updated immediately, but it may take up to 14 days for the changes to be active, during which time AMA Richmond members, site registrants, and customers may still receive emails.Links to Other Websites This website contains links to other websites. The AMA Richmond is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. If you want to know the privacy policies of the other websites, please refer to the organization sponsoring such website.Consent By registering on any AMA Richmond site or registering for an AMA Richmond event, you expressly consent to our collection and use of personally identifiable information according to this Privacy Policy. We or our designated site partners may use the information to send you information and services that we think will be useful to you.Opting Out of Receiving Communications You may opt-out of receiving communications from us via email by contacting us at info@amarichmond.org or by unsubscribing from any email communication you have received.Updating Your User Profile We allow you to correct or update your online information. Unfortunately, to the extent that such information is also stored in other databases, we cannot always ensure that such corrections or deletions will reach the other databases. We will use reasonable efforts to ensure that your information is removed from or corrected in our records.How to Contact Us You can contact us by using the Contact Us form or send a letter to the mailing address listed below. Please include your contact information and a detailed description of your request or privacy concern.The Richmond Chapter of the American Marketing Association PO Box 31881 Henrico, VA 23294 Email: info@amarichmond.org Last updated: August 2018