https://amdecon.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms, Conditions, and Privacy Policies
1) PURCHASER’S NAME AND NAME ON CERTIFICATES: The name you input on the purchase page is the name of the person doing the studying. The name does not have to match the name on the credit/debit card. This is the name that will be on the certificate. The name will appear on the certificate exactly as you enter it.
There is a $495.00 fee to change a name on each certificate.
2) USER NAMES AND PASSWORDS:
WRITE DOWN YOUR USER NAME AND PASSWORD AND KEEP IT IN A SAFE PLACE. No, you won’t remember it, so write it down. We have too many passwords to remember nowadays.
There is a $25.00 fee to reset your password.
DUE TO SECURITY MEASURES, WE DO NOT ALLOW USERS TO RESET THEIR OWN PASSWORD! (We do not want employees to be able to lock out their employer.)
3) YOUR EMAIL:
When you purchase any of our products you will automatically be subscribed to our email list. This will allow us to notify you of topics like regulatory updates, course and product updates, industry updates, notifications about your certificates expiring, and etc. You may unsubscribe at any time. If you want us to help you to stay abreast of things we suggest you do not unsubscribe. We do not share your email address with anyone for any reason and you can always unsubscribe at any time.
4) TIME LIMITATIONS:
A) If you signed up for any full one-off priced course you must complete it within 10 months .
B) If you signed up for any annual refresher course you must complete it within 45 days.
C) If you signed up for a pay-by-the-month course you have ongoing access until you have completed the course.
5) REFUNDS:
If you are having any issues using our platform, contact us and we will do our best to get you up and running. The best way to verify you won’t have any problems is to see if you can view our videos. If you can view them then our system will work fine for you. You can test this by clicking here: test our platform on your computer.
Be aware that some businesses block videos from being viewed on company computers because they don’t want employees watching YouTube or porn.
You do, however, need a current model computer or mobile device and a solid internet connection. If you are using Windows ME and/or grabbing your neighbor’s wi-fi, we guarantee you will have problems.
Refunds are not allowed. Just like you can’t go to Best Buy and purchase software in a sealed box, open the box, and then ask for a refund, you cannot sign up for our courses and then ask for a refund.
We sell digital assets (our training courses) and we have been around the block a few times. We know there are people who will sign up and somehow copy our materials and then ask for a refund.
6) NUMBER OF STUDENTS PER COURSE:
One person is allowed to study the course they signed up for. You are not allowed to share your course with anyone else. You will be locked out of your course and no refund will be given for violation of this policy.
Thank you.
Copyright Amdecon 1999-2020 - All rights reserved.