https://amdrecor.com/termsconditions/
Skip to content
Terms & Conditions
Home / Terms & Conditions
The following Terms and Conditions apply to the use of this Web site as well as all transactions conducted through the site.
Shipping and Handling Charges
All products are shipped US Postal service to U.S. destinations (48 contiguous states) only (unless noted otherwise). The shipping and handling fee is based on the total dollar $ amount of order. Applies to U.S. Only.  Click here for Shipping Fees.
Legal NoticeAll notices from Amdrecor, Inc to You may be posted on our Web site and will be deemed delivered within thirty (30) days after posting. Notices from You to Amdrecor, Inc shall be made either by e-mail, sent to the address we provide on our Web site, or first class mail to our address at:
7019 Breen DrHouston, TX 77086Delivery shall be deemed to have been made by You to Amdrecor, Inc five (5) days after the date sent.
CopyrightAll content appearing on this Web site is the property of:
Amdrecor, Inc7019 Breen DrHouston, TX 77086Copyright © 2011-2012 Amdrecor, Inc. All rights reserved. As a user, you are authorized only to view, copy, print, and distribute documents on this Web site so long as (1) the document is used for informational purposes only, and (2) any copy of the document (or portion thereof) includes the following copyright notice: Copyright © 2011-2012 Amdrecor, Inc. All rights reserved.
Use Of SiteThis site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. Information on this site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information, including product pricing and availability, may be changed or updated without notice. Amdrecor, Inc and its subsidiaries reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders in its discretion, including, without limitation, if Amdrecor, Inc believes that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to the interests of Amdrecor, Inc and its subsidiaries.
Sales TaxAmdrecor, Inc charges sales tax for merchandise ordered on this Web site based on the applicable state sales tax rate and the location to which the order is being shipped.
Search for:
Home
About Us
FAQ
MSDS LIST
Terms & Conditions
Shop
Reusable Face Shields
Chest Rest Shield System
Disposable Face Shields
Shipping Fees
Contact
Privacy Policy
Login
Newsletter
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Username *
Email address *
Password *
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Register