https://americancollectors.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The protection of our policyholders’ non-public information has always been our business policy. Nothing is more important to us than your trust and we understand that our obligation is to respect and protect that trust.
Information we collect about you
Most of the information we get comes directly from you, including names, driver’s license numbers, addresses and vehicle information. The information you give us when completing an application and the other various forms is usually all we need. If we need more, or need to verify information, we may get it from third parties such as adult members of your family, other insurers or reporting agencies (usually Motor Vehicle Records).
We collect the information to use in the various services we perform in connection with issuing, maintaining and servicing your policy. We also have a need to use your information when you ask us to make changes to your policy or have a claim.
Lastly, we gather some information automatically through the use of cookies on our browsers in order to enhance your user experience or for use in targeted advertisements.  This type of data includes IP addresses, cookie identifiers, tracking pixels, how you are using our site and any referring site information.  In order to opt out of these requirements, please utilize either Adobe’s or Google’s available opt out services.  For more information regarding opt-outs, you can visit http://www.aboutads.info.
California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see Your California Privacy Rights section for more information.
Keeping your information secure
We treat all your information in a confidential manner. We restrict the number of employees who have access to your information and train all of them to understand that they may access the information only when there is a business reason to do so, such as making changes that you’ve requested or to inform you of new services or new governmental regulation changes that may affect you. We safeguard your information both physically and electronically and require employees to comply with established policies.
Who we share data with
We may, on occasion, disclose information to non-affiliated third parties solely to the extent such disclosure is permitted by law. Generally this disclosure is made when it is necessary to the conduct of our business, such as to those who help us with information technology, those who perform audits and research or those in law enforcement or government regulatory agencies. We do not, however, give information to companies outside of the American Collectors family. We would never, for example, sell your name to a catalog company.
We share much of your information with our underwriting company since they need it to provide the services you’ve requested of us and to fulfill their obligations to federal, state and local governmental agencies regarding business and other taxes, regulations, etc.
All new policyholders receive a written privacy statement from both American Collectors and our underwriting company. Policyholders with any questions regarding these privacy statements should contact us.
Email Address*
CAPTCHA
1-800-360-2277
info@americancollectors.com
(Column 1)
Insurance Plans
Collector Car Insurance
Classic Truck Insurance
Customs & Hot Rod Insurance
Classic Motorcycle Insurance
Exotic Cars & Collector Imports
Collectibles Insurance
(Column 2)
Community
Customer Love Stories
Vehicle Spotlights
Collecting 101
Buyer’s Guides
Contests
(Column 3)
About ACI
Why Choose ACI
Testimonials & Reviews
Testimonials – Claims
Corporate Giving
News & Press
Careers
Get a Quote
Manage My Policy