https://americanbeautytools.com/privacy
Test and Evaluation
Repair and Refurb
Tech Handouts
FAQs
Contact
Videos
My Account
American Beauty Tools
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the American Beauty Tools website. On some pages, you can request quotes for products, make requests, and contact us directly. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
(etc.)
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an Request for Quote (RFQ) only to complete that request. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that RFQ.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
If, in the future, we provide the ability to register on the website to receive our catalog as well as updates on our new products and services, information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at [phone number or send us an email at info@americanbeautytools.com.
Test and Evaluation
Repair and Refurb
Tech Handouts
FAQs
Contact
Videos
My Account
Bad Ass Soldering Tools
Need Help? Or just bored? Call 1-800-550-2510
Sitemap
2000-2020 American Beauty Tools
Legal notice
Privacy policy
Design by Windy Hill Web Solutions