https://amerusa.com/privacy-policy/
Information We Collect from You
AmerUSA.com, a service of AmerUSA (“AmerUSA”), allows us to collect your personal information if you decide to use our service to screen an applicant for tenancy or employment, provide access to your Credit Information as a tenant or employee, subscribe to our newsletter, participate in one of our contests or surveys or transact other business with us. In order to process your transactions and provide you with quality customer service, we need your full name and current and/or billing address, your email address (for login credentials and so we can contact you),
a valid credit card number, your Social Security number and certain other personal information, such as your date of birth for verification purposes and Fair Credit Reporting Act compliance.
What Security Measures We Take
AmerUSA takes precautions to secure your personal information. If and when we ask you to provide your personal information, we will do so through a Web page that uses the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol. This protocol provides security for your information by encrypting it as it travels from your computer to our computer. In addition, AmerUSA’s servers, data storage and backups are professionally managed in a highly secure facility that is monitored 24 hours a day and operated by a publicly traded company.
How We Use Your Information
AmerUSA does not sell your information (or the information of any individuals). Your information is only shared with third parties (such as consumer reporting agencies or payment gateways) directly involved in the processing of your transaction. See Third Parties below for more information.
Third Parties
AmerUSA must share some of your personal information with third parties in order to process your transaction. For example, AmerUSA must share your name, address and social security number with one or more of the major credit reporting agencies in order to obtain your requested credit report, and must share your name, address and credit card account number with our credit card processing partner in order to process your payment. AmerUSA may disclose your personal information to third parties in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to comply with, or be responsive to, legal process served on us (such as a subpoena), or if we believe such disclosure is necessary to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of AmerUSA, our users or others. In addition, we may disclose your personal information to consultants, agents and advisors, such as attorneys and accountants, in the good faith belief that such disclosure is within the scope of their professional duties to AmerUSA and with the understanding that such professionals will abide by our security and confidentiality policies.
Collection of Anonymous Data
In order to enhance the usefulness of our Web site and our products and services, AmerUSA will collect data about our customers’ use of our Web site, in a manner that does not include any personally identifiable information. While you browse the AmerUSA.com Web site, we note which pages of our site you visit and note the IP address of your computer (as all Web sites do automatically), but we do not link that address information to your personal information. The general information we gather enables us to serve our customers better by continually enhancing our site based on up-to-date use patterns.
Updating Your Information
You can correct or update at any time the personal information that you provided and that we maintain on you by accessing the AmerUSA.com Web site and selecting “My Account” from the Main Navigation Menu. AmerUSA is not responsible for and cannot amend the information in your credit report, which is produced by one or more credit reporting agencies. If you believe that some of the information in your credit report is inaccurate, you must contact the applicable credit reporting agency directly.
Notification of Changes
AmerUSA may amend this privacy policy at any time, but will notify users in advance of any material change, by posting a notice of the change in a prominent position on the home page of the AmerUSA.com Web site. If the amendment would permit us to share your personal information with third parties in a manner materially different than described in this privacy policy, unless required by law or court order or in order to safeguard the operations of our site or our customers, you will be given an opportunity to inform us that you do not consent to such sharing of your personal information.
Possible Acquisition
In the event of an acquisition of all or part of AmerUSA by another company, or in the event that AmerUSA were to sell or dispose of all or a part of the business, the acquirer would have access to the information maintained by the AmerUSA, which could include your personal information, subject to applicable law. The acquirer’s privacy policy might be different than AmerUSA’ privacy policy, or the acquirer might choose to amend AmerUSA’s privacy policy. You will be notified by email if, as a result of such acquisition, AmerUSA’s privacy policy is materially changed or if the acquirer’s privacy policy is materially different than AmerUSA’s privacy policy. In connection with such notice, you will be given an opportunity to inform the acquirer that you do not consent to the use or disclosure by the acquirer of your personal information in accordance with such new or revised privacy policy.
Use of Cookies
AmerUSA uses “cookies,” which are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to your computer’s hard disk for record keeping purposes, to facilitate your access to our products and services. AmerUSA uses cookies in accordance with industry-standard protocols, and does not use cookies, either directly or in conjunction with other Web sites, to track your movement to Web sites other than the AmerUSA.com Website. If you would like more information about cookies, you can visit http://www.cookiecentral.com/n_cookie_faq.htm. AmerUSA uses two different types of cookies. One type of cookie is used so that our site “recognizes” you each time you return using the same computer, and you do not have to re-enter all your personal information on each visit. You can set your Web browser to refuse to accept this cookie, or delete this type of cookie from your hard drive, and still access our products and services, as long as you re-enter information each time you visit. The second type of cookie is needed so that we can process each step of your transactions with us. If you refuse to accept this type of cookie, you will not be able to access our products and services. Most Web browsers automatically delete this type of cookie when you terminate your session.
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our site or on other sites which we use for advertising. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness; and they are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous.
Links to Other Web Sites
Some pages on the AmerUSA.com Web site may contain links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another Web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.
Policy Regarding Children
We define children as individuals under the age of 18. Our Web Site is not intended for the use of children and we do not intend to collect information about children through our website. You must be at least 18 to use this website.