https://americanguardian.com/privacy-statement/
Georgia's Oldest and Most Trusted ADT Authorized Dealer
770-446-9577
info@americanguardian.com
Facebook
Google
RSS
Facebook
Google
RSS
Privacy Statement
American Guardian Security Systems, Inc.
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is very important to us. By providing information to our website you are allowing us to provide you with additional information and you are under no obligation to make a purchase.
If you need more details please read on.
Information Automatically Collected
Our servers automatically collect certain non-personal identifying information, such as your computer’s IP address, the type of browser in use, and pages viewed, when you visit our Sites. We use this information to understand how visitors navigate through our Sites, to enhance your experience while using our Sites, and to make the materials we post as valuable to visitors as possible. We do not link this information to personally identifiable information.
Contact Us
If you submit personal information, such as your email address, to us by following the “Contact Us, link located throughout our site, we  will use that information to respond to your question or request for information. We will not share your information with any third parties.
Security
Providing security for the personal information you submit via our Site is a top priority for American Guardian. We take commercially reasonable steps to provide security for your information once we receive it.
Personal Information Sharing
Your personal contact information will only be used by us to contact you to answer your questions about home security.
Changes in this Privacy Statement
If we change this privacy statement in ways that effect the personally identifying information we have collected through our Sites, we will post those changes in this space and advise you of choices you might have as a result of those changes. We will also post a notice on our home page that this privacy statement has changed.
Get Started
If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank.
Fields marked with an * are required
What is the sum of 13 minus 6? *