https://americanmedical.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
American Medical Software respects the privacy of our website visitors and manages this website accordingly. During visits to the American Medical Software website, the web servers only collect basic information such as referring page, file requested, date/time and IP address.
When a visitor to the American Medical Software website requests further information, we will collect adequate information to complete that request. This may include collecting information such as name, address, telephone, fax, e-mail, and other information. We will not allow such collected information to be sold, traded or viewed by any third party. The only exception to this is when you give us your consent to share this information, when we need to share your information to provide a service that you have requested, or when we are required by law to disclose information.
American Medical Software reserves the right to publish non-personally identifiable, summary information regarding its website visitors for promotional purposes and as a representative audience for advertisers. Please note that this is not personal information, only general summaries of the activities of our visitors and customers.
American Medical Software reserves the right to change this policy at any time without prior notice. Please check this page periodically for policy updates.
This policy does not govern web sites of other parties to which American Medical Software may provide links. We do not control and are not responsible for the privacy practices of or the data available on the web sites of third parties.
About Us American Medical Software has been offering the best medical software at the greatest value in the industry for over 35 years.
Learn More
Software SolutionsAMS Ultra Schedules Software
AMS Ultra Charts™ Software
AMS Ultra Billing Software
AMS Ultra Portal Software
AMS Ultra Customizable Practice Software
Featured Articles
Medical Billing Software Question Checklist
So You’re Moving to New EMR Software?
Improve Practice Efficiency with Medical Billing Software
Medical Billing Tips
View All ArticlesKnowledge CenterICD-10 Codes
EHR Stimulus
Meaningful Use
HIPAA
Find Us Online
Scroll to top