https://amsconsulting.com/about/privacy-policy/
Solutions Business Skills Training Organization Development Consulting Trending SolutionsResearch Project Briefings Research ArticlesAbout About AMSContactMy AccountClient Login
Solutions Business Skills Training Organization Development Consulting Trending SolutionsResearch Project Briefings Research ArticlesAbout About AMSContactMy AccountClient Login
page
Privacy Policy
The following are terms of a legal agreement (“Privacy Agreement”) concerning your privacy on this web site (“Site”) between you and Advanced Management Services, Inc. (AMS). By accessing, browsing and using this Site you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use this Site. Read this Privacy Agreement carefully and be aware that AMS may amend this Privacy Agreement at any time without notice by posting the amended terms on this Site.
What Personally Identifiable Information is Collected by AMS
AMS takes user privacy very seriously because AMS knows that your privacy on the web is very important to you. You can visit this Site without telling AMS who you are or providing AMS with any information. However, when you request information from AMS and supply information that personally identifies you or allows AMS to contact you, you are agreeing to share that information with AMS, its agents, representatives, attorneys and affiliates. The personally identifiable information that is collected by AMS includes, but is not limited to, your name, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers.
How AMS uses and Shares Personally Identifiable Information
AMS uses your personally identifiable information to fulfill your requests for information and for other business purposes as you may solicit. AMS aggregates this personally identifiable information and will not intentionally disclose or communicate to any third party your personally identifiable information except if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with law or to:
Comply with legal process served upon AMS or its agents, representatives and affiliates;
Protect and defend AMS’s rights or property;
Protect the personal safety of other users or the public; or
Protect bona-fide proprietary rights owners in response to allegations of infringement resulting from information you have posted on this Site or otherwise have provided to AMS.
Updates to user Information
AMS would like to keep your personally identifiable information accurate. If you need to correct, delete or update your personally identifiable information contact us at AMS, 225 Franklin Street, 26th Floor, Boston, MA 02110.
Links to Third-Party Web Sites
This Site may contain links to third party web sites. AMS makes no representations whatsoever about any other web site which you may access through this Site. When you access a third party web site it is independent from AMS and AMS has no control over such third party site’s use of your personally identifiable information.
Children Under the Age of 13
This Site is not directed at children 13 years of age or younger. AMS, therefore, shall not intentionally collect information about any user under the age of 13.
CONTACT US
About AMS
Trending Solutions
Clients and Industries
Team
Mission and Values
Client Journey
Industry Certifications
Founders Message
Research Articles
Project Briefings