http://ankercrew.com/privacy/
Privacy
24/7 Anker Alarm Service: +31 50 520 99 04
Home > Privacy
Privacy
We respect a person’s privacy. We cannot operate our business without processing certain personal data. We therefore consider it important that the processing of your personal data takes place in a manner which is in accordance with the existing guarantees for the protection of your privacy. We are Anker Insurance Company n.v., the processor responsible. That is partly the reason that the Dutch Association of Insurers has drawn up a code of conduct for the processing of personal data. That code of conduct is a result of the existing statutory regulations for the protection of personal data. We comply with this code of conduct in all our activities. Here you will find an explanation of what this means for you.
Your privacy
Upon taking out an insurance at Anker, we will ask you for a number of personal data. We consider it important that the processing of your personal data takes place in a manner which is in accordance with the existing guarantees for the protection of your privacy. We therefore will exercise due care when processing your personal data and comply with the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other privacy regulations. In addition, a code of conduct has been drawn up by banks and insurers for the compliance with privacy regulations: the ‘Code of Conduct for the Processing of Personal Data by Financial Institutions’. You can consult this code of conduct on www.verzekeraars.nl (at ‘Publications’, ‘Downloads’, ‘Code of Conduct’).
For what purpose do we process your personal data?
We process your personal data for concluding and the execution of the insurance contracts. This is the legal basis for processing your personal data. And we process your personal data for statistical analysis and in order to be able to comply with a number of statutory obligations. We will, of course, only process those data necessary for that purpose. In other words: we ensure that for each kind of processing of personal data only those personal data will be processed which are accurate, sufficient, relevant to the case and not excessive. We do not store your data for longer than legally permitted. It may be necessary to provide your details to persons or organizations outside our company for the performance of your insurance contract.
Your rights
You are entitled to the correct processing of your personal data. In order to guarantee this right, we declare in this statement what we do with your personal data. You can contact us if you want to have access to the data we process about you and if these data are not correct, you can rectify the data. If you specifically consent to the processing of your data, you can withdraw that permission and we will delete your personal data. You can also ask for your data to be transferred to a different party that you choose; the so-called right to data portability.
You may ask us which data we process automatically or which data are incorporated in a file. We may charge a fee for providing these data. Within four weeks of your request we will inform you whether we are able to comply with your request. You can send your request to: Anker Insurance Company n.v., attn. the board, Postbus 8002, 9702 KA Groningen.
Right to object
Personal data are also used by Anker to provide you with specific information on insurance products which may be relevant to you. You can register for a digital newsletter. If you no longer wish to receive this digital newsletter, you can opt out at the bottom. Your personal data will then be deleted.
If you no longer wish to receive any information from your insurance adviser about our products and services, we request to directly notify this adviser thereof.
Dutch Data Protection Authority
If you have a complaint about the processing of your personal data, please contact us. If we do not come together and you suspect that your personal data is processed in violation of the privacy legislation, you can submit a complaint to the Dutch Data Protection Authority.
Visiting our site
If you want to visit our website, permission is requested by a cookie report. When consulting this website, cookies (small text files) will be placed on your computer. Cookies facilitate the navigation on this website and are necessary for the technical functions of the search engine. We also use cookies to collect information about your use of this website (pages visited, search terms used and such like) and to know from which website of a third party you reached our website. By means of a cookie we are able to provide you with more specific information on our website and on the websites of third parties, and leave out information which is not relevant to you. In doing so we do not collect any personal information about you.
You can remove cookies manually via your internet browser or cause the cookies to be removed automatically upon termination of an internet session. You can also install your internet browser in such a way that you will receive a message if a cookie is placed. And you can install your browser in such a way that cookies cannot be placed. However, in that case you will not be able to use all the possibilities provided by the website.
To remove cookies in the different browsers click below:
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Google Chrome
Apple Safari
Mozilla Firefox
Amendments
In view of new developments, new products and services and/or laws and regulations, the text of this privacy statement may be adapted by us. We therefore advise you to consult this text regularly. The most recent text of the privacy statement applies to the services, including this website.
Data protection officer
If you have any questions about the General Data Protection Regulation, the processing of your personal data by Anker or if you require further clarification, please do not hesitate to contact Erik Weisfelt, the Data Protection Officer, telephone number +31 50 520 99 73 or send an email to privacy@anker.nl.
This website uses cookies. With this we can make the website even more user-friendly for you.Accept cookiesRead more
© Anker Crew Insurance 2020
Disclaimer
Privacy