https://ansaelevators.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentPrivacy PolicyHomePrivacy Policy
ABOUT OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We are committed to your right to privacy and the protection of your personal information in accordance with all applicable privacy laws.
This privacy policy (“Policy”) outlines how we manage your personal information. It also describes the type of information we hold and why, as well as how that information is collected, used and disclosed.
WHY DO WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We collect your personal information so we can effectively:
provide our services to you;
update you on our work and services;
research and develop our services;
gain an understanding of your service needs so we may provide them to you; and
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
All we collect is your email address
HOW DO WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We collect your information via our subscription option on the website.
USING AND DISCLOSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect your personal information so we can keep you updated and provide you with the highest possible level of service.
We will not share your details with third parties.
STORING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We store personal information in different ways, including in paper and electronic form. The security of personal information is important to us and we take reasonable steps to protect it from misuse or loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
COLLECTING SENSITIVE INFORMATION
Unless we have your consent, we will not collect information that reveals your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs or affiliations, membership of a political trade union, details of your health, disability, sexual orientation or criminal record.
Where it is lawful and practicable to do so, you may deal with us anonymously (e.g. when enquiring about our products and services generally).
PRIVACY ON THE INTERNET
We take care to ensure that the personal information given to us on our website(s) is protected. Our networks have electronic security systems, including firewalls and data encryption. Depending on the system with which you deal with us, user identifiers, passwords and other access codes for our staff and third parties may be used to control access to personal information.
Also, you may access third-party websites by clicking on links we have provided on our websites. These external websites are not subject to our privacy policy. You need to review those websites to ascertain how the relevant organisation manages your personal information.
COOKIES
Our websites use cookies to track user traffic patterns and to better serve you when you revisit the website. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, providing you with the opportunity to either accept or reject it.
KEEPING PERSONAL INFORMATION ACCURATE AND UP TO DATE
We take all reasonable precautions to ensure that the personal information we collect, use and disclose is accurate, complete and up to date. However, the accuracy of that information largely depends on the quality of the information you provide to us. We therefore suggest that you:
let us know if there are any errors in your personal information; and
keep us up to date with changes to your personal information (e.g. any changes to your email address).
The best way to update your personal information is to email us info@ansaelevators.co.uk
YOUR ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You have a right to access your personal information.
COMPLAINTS
If you believe that we have breached your privacy rights in any way or wish to discuss any issues about our privacy policy you should contact us at info@ansaelevators.co.uk
We will try to satisfy any questions and correct any errors on our part.
CONTACTING US
You may ask any questions about this Policy or the way we manage your personal information by emailing us at info@ansaelevators.co.uk
FURTHER INFORMATION
For further information about ANSA and how we operate, please refer to our website www.ansaelevators.co.uk.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.