https://answernet.com/privacytext.html
Last updated and effective April 2020
Privacy Policy
Introduction
We at AnswerNet recognize the importance of safeguarding the privacy
of our website users, customers/clients, and consumers that may interact with
AnswerNet through our work we perform for our customers/client, while providing
the highest possible quality of service.  Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.  By using this website, you hereby agree that
you understand and consent to our Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy,
please do not use our website or services.
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact
us dataprivacy@answernet.com.
AnswerNet’s Privacy Policy for AnswerNet Website
Users
(Data
directly received from potential and current clients about themselves)
Our Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we
collect, secure and use the information you provide to us as a potential or
current AnswerNet customer/client user of this website.  In adopting this policy, it is our intent to
balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using information,
with your reasonable expectations of privacy.
Capturing and Using Information
When you visit our website, we
may collect two types of information from you.  The first is personal information (which you
provide when you fill out forms or register on our website) including your
name, address, telephone number and email address.  Personal information is collected on an
individual basis.  The second, website
use information (otherwise known as “Aggregated Data”) is information from many
users grouped together in a way that does not disclose the personal information
of any particular user.
The information collected when
you visit the website may be used in the following ways: to allow AnswerNet and
AnswerNet’s suppliers and/or affiliates contact you directly to process your
specific request; to enhance and improve our website by performing statistical
analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in
and use of the various areas of the website; to help us improve our customer
services; to periodically send emails to provide you with information and
updates regarding our company and services and/or the company and services of
our suppliers and/or affiliates.
By completing a quote request and
providing personal information, you are entering into an agreement with AnswerNet
and a business relationship with AnswerNet and its suppliers and/or affiliates
and thus agree to be contacted by AnswerNet and its suppliers and/or affiliates.
You acknowledge that these suppliers and/or
affiliates can contact you regarding your request(s) directed to AnswerNet, and
that you are expressly consenting to such contact by AnswerNet and its
suppliers and/or affiliates, if necessary, to fulfill such request(s) via
phone, text, fax, email, mail or other reasonable means, at any of your contact
numbers or addresses.
Any information collected from you is secured in a password-controlled
database.  Access to this database is
individualized and limited to only those current AnswerNet personnel who have a
legitimate business reason to access and use such information for the reasons
set forth above.
Opt-Out Instructions
Please note that if at any time you wish stop receiving emails from
AnswerNet, unsubscribe instructions will be available on the email.  You also may ask AnswerNet to stop contacting
you by emailing us at answer@answernet.com, or calling us at 800-411-5777.
Cookies, Tracking Options and “Do Not Track” Disclosures
You should also be aware that
information may be collected through “Cookies.”  Cookies are small data files that websites
transfer to your computer's hard drive for record-keeping purposes.  Cookies can be used to tell when your computer
has contacted a website; however, cookies do not contain personally
identifiable information.  Certain parts
of our website require cookies, and we may use them to deliver more relevant
advertising and/or to link data collected across other devices you use.
You can adjust your settings to limit tracking
or decline cookies, but as a result you may not be able to use certain features
of our website or take full advantage of all of our offerings.  Please refer to your device or browser
settings for more information on how to delete or decline cookies and to control
your tracking preferences.  Our website
does not respond to do not track signals from most browsers.
Children
AnswerNet does not target and does not intend to communicate with
minors.  While we acknowledge that guests
of any age may access and navigate through our website, we do not knowingly
collect or request personal information from those guests under 16 years of age
without the prior consent of their parent or guardian.  No information collected from guests under 16
years of age is used for any marketing purpose whatsoever.
AnswerNet’s Privacy Policy for Services End Users
(Data
received about our clients’ customers through our clients’ use of our services)
Our Privacy Policy is designed to
assist you in understanding how we collect and secure the information you
provide to us as a customer of an AnswerNet customer/client, i.e. an end user
of our services to a current AnswerNet customer/client.  In adopting this policy, it is our intent to
balance our customers/clients’ legitimate business interests in collecting and
using information, with your reasonable expectations of privacy.
AnswerNet does not sell, trade, or otherwise profit from the unauthorized
use of consumers’ personal information for any purpose, including direct
marketing.  Further, AnswerNet only
makes available to the specific customer/client with whom you have a business/customer
relationship, the personal information you provide to AnswerNet as a business
outsourcing provider, providing services on behalf of that
customer/client.  In other words, when
you provide personal information to AnswerNet, such information is only
provided or shared with our customer/client that engaged us to perform services
on their behalf, utilizing us as a conduit to communicate with you, and such
information is not sold, traded, shared, disclosed, or otherwise provided to
the public, third parties, or any other AnswerNet customers/clients for whom it
was not specifically intended.  Further,
AnswerNet generally does not record or store for its own use any services end
users’ information, personal or otherwise.
Such information is generally stored in the customer/client’s system
through whom it was obtained and subject to the privacy standards established
by that customer/client.  To the extent
any services end user information is recorded by AnswerNet, such information is
organized per the instructions of the AnswerNet customer/client through whom it
was obtain, securely stored with that customer/client’s data, and remains the
property of the customer/client through whom it was obtained and subject to the
privacy standards established by that customer/client.
Information
We May Collect, How, and Why
Information Types
How Collected
Why Collected
Identifiers, such as name, date of birth,
physical address, phone number, email address, etc.
We may collect this information directly from you
when you communicate with us and we provide you services on behalf of our
customer/client with whom you have a business/customer relationship.
We may collect this information to provide you
services on behalf of our customer/client with whom you have a business/customer
relationship.
Commercial payment information
We may collect this information directly from you
when you communicate with us and we provide you services on behalf of our
customer/client with whom you have a business/customer relationship.
We may collect this information to provide you
services on behalf of our customer/client with whom you have a
business/customer relationship.
Communications with you, such as email, text
(SMS) messages, voicemail, and audio recordings
We may collect this information directly from you
when you communicate with us and we provide you services on behalf of our
customer/client with whom you have a business/customer relationship.
We may collect this information to provide you
services on behalf of our customer/client with whom you have a
business/customer relationship.
HIPAA protected medical information
We may collect this information directly from you
when you communicate with us and we provide you services on behalf of our
customer/client with whom you have a business/customer relationship.
We may collect this information to provide you
services on behalf of our customer/client with whom you have a
business/customer relationship.
Any information collected about in
the above categories you is not sold, traded, shared, transferred or disclosed to
any entities other than our customer/client with whom you have a
business/customer relationship, from whom you are receiving services, and whom
is using our business outsourcing services to assist in providing its services to
you.
Contact
Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this policy or our
information handling practices, you may contact us at answer@AnswerNet.com or
by telephone at 800-411-5777.
Policy Changes
We review this policy periodically and reserve the right, at our
discretion, to modify, add, or remove any portions of this policy at any time
for the protection of all parties and compliance with legal obligations. This
policy was last modified as of the date set forth at the top of this page.  If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we
will post those changes on this page. Your continued use of our website
following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those
changes.
FOR CALIFORNIA
RESIDENTS
AnswerNet’s Compliance with the
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
The following section is intended
to comply with the requirements of the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
and should be read to supplement and enhance the above sections.  Residents of California have specific rights
with respect to their personal information, which are set forth below.  AnswerNet is committed to adhering to the
CCPA and protecting the personal information of consumers that interact with us
through our customers/clients.  From time
to time, AnswerNet does obtain consumers’ personal information incidental to
the work we perform for our customers/clients.  AnswerNet does not sell, trade, share, transfer, or disclose consumers’
personal information, for any purpose, including but not limited to direct
marketing.  AnswerNet only possesses
consumers’ personal information for the purposes determined by AnswerNet’s
customers/client, incidental to the work AnswerNet performs for those
customers/clients as a third-party business process outsourcing company.
AnswerNet does not discriminate against consumers for exercising their
rights under the CCPA.
CCPA Right to Request Information Regarding Disclosure to Third Parties
Notwithstanding that AnswerNet does not sell, trade, share, transfer,
or disclose consumers’ personal information, for any purpose, including but not
limited to direct marketing, once per year California consumers may request
information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties or
affiliate for direct marketing purposes.
Please email us at dataprivacy@answernet.com to make such a request.  Please allow up
to 30 days for us to process and respond to your request.
CCPA Right to Know
Up to two (2) times in a 12-month period, free of charge, subject to
the limitations in the CCPA, California consumers may request a list of the
categories of personal information AnswerNet has collected about them, the
categories of sources from which such information was collected, the business
purpose for collecting or selling the such information, and the categories of
third parties to whom such information was disclosed or sold.  California consumers may also request that we
provide a copy of the specific pieces of personal information we have collected
about them in the past 12 months in a machine-readable format.  A list of the general categories of
information that we may have collected in the past 12 months is detailed in the
above “Information We May Collect, How, and Why” section.
CCPA Right to Delete
California consumers may make a request for AnswerNet to delete any
personal information we have collected from them.  The CCPA exempts certain information from
deletion, i.e. information necessary for security and fraud detection.  We also may keep information needed to provide
you goods or services.  For example, if
you ask us to delete your data but continue providing you services through our
customer/client with whom you have a business relationship, we will keep the
information we need to continue providing you such services. When we respond to
your request to delete, if applicable, we will explain what information we have
retained and why we have such information.  Because the CCPA does not consider anonymized
or pseudonymized information to be “personal information,” and we are permitted
to “delete” your information by anonymizing or pseudonymizing it.
CCPA Requests
To make a
request to know or delete personal information, California consumers may:
complete and submit the
following form:
Do Not Sell My Information
email dataprivacy@answernet.com, or
call (267)
942-6000 and ask to speak with AnswerNet legal counsel.
In response
to any request, and before releasing any data, AnswerNet will take reasonable
steps to verify the identity of the requestor, including seeking a physical
address and/or email address.  If you so
wish, you may designate an authorized representative to make a CCPA request;
however, we will require verification of your authorization of the
representative and their request.  Unless
otherwise required under the CCPA, your authorized representative must provide your
contact details, and we will contact you directly to confirm that your authorization
of the representative.  Once you confirm,
we will promptly respond to the rights request.
Close Your Browser Tab
or
Visit AnswerNet.com