http://aperiogroup.com/privacy-policy
Skip To Main Content
About
About Aperio
Why Aperio?
Clients
Team
Solutions & Insights
Solutions & Insights
Active Tax Management
Factor Tilts
Values-Aligned Investing
Applied Insights
Resources
Featured Resource
A Guide to ESG Portfolio Construction
In this article, the authors explore six quantitative environmental (E), social (S), and governance (G) strategies to provide insights into best practices for ESG portfolio construction. These strategies offer different approaches to the trade-off between desired ESG attributes and investment performance. They conclude that fully understanding the dynamics of these trade-offs will allow investors to select the strategy that best matches their ethical and financial views.
Blogs
All Blogs
Active Tax Management
Factor Tilts
Values-Aligned Investing
Aperio's DEI Journey
Case Studies
Observations
What We’ve Been Reading/Listening
Recent Blogs
Publishing Our Diversity Data to Promote Transparency
by Mark Bateman & Nancy Malik
As many of you likely have seen on our website, Aperio is Latin for “to make clear, to reveal the truth.” We looked in Google translate and found a definition we like even better: “disclose to view.” Aperio has always been a proponent of transparency...
Aperio’s DEI Journey: Putting Cash to Work with Impact
by Patrick Geddes
In June, we posted our “Statement on Racism” and said that we were developing plans on what Aperio could do to help move toward racial justice. Through these blogs, we’re sharing our journey...
Search through site content
About
About
About Aperio
Why Aperio?
Clients
Team
Solutions & Insights
Solutions & Insights
Solutions & Insights
Active Tax Management
Factor Tilts
Values-Aligned Investing
Applied Insights
Resources
Blogs
Blogs
All Blogs
Active Tax Management
Factor Tilts
Values-Aligned Investing
Aperio's DEI Journey
Case Studies
Observations
What We’ve Been Reading/Listening
Contact Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Aperio Group, LLC Privacy Policy
This update adopted as of March 13, 2020
For a printable pdf version of this Policy, click here.
California Consumers: You can find information regarding your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) in our CCPA Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) for Aperio Group, LLC (“Aperio”) describes the policies and procedures we use to collect, use, disclose, share and protect your Personal Information.  When we use the term “Personal Information” we are referring to your personally identifiable information such as your name, email or mailing address, phone number, account credentials (user id and passwords), social security number, government ID numbers and other information that can be used to identify you personally.
Aperio (which may be referred to as “Aperio Group,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our”) has adopted the Policy, and together with our Terms of Use Agreement, to govern your use of our website and client portal (the “Portal”).
Aperio is committed to the protection of privacy for our users and clients (also referred to as “you” or “your”).  Aperio’s core business is asset management, which means we are fully focused on serving the investment interests of our clients.  We have no incentive to sell your Personal Information to other parties.
How to Use the Policy
The Policy describes if, when and how your Personal Information is shared and/or disclosed, how we collect and use other information and how we address other privacy matters – such as deletion of your Personal Information upon request, and how to opt-out of marketing communications.  We also provide contact information for your questions or concerns.
FACTS
WHAT DOES APERIO GROUP, LLC DO
WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
Assets and account balances
Investment experience and risk tolerance
Tax planning information
Information about your beneficiaries
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Aperio Group chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Aperio Group share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes—
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes—
to offer our products and services to you
No
We do not share
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
We do not share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your transactions and experiences
No
We do not share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your creditworthiness
No
We do not share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We do not share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We do not share
APERIO GROUP, LLC
What we do
How does Aperio Group protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Aperio Group collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Open an account or enter into an investment advisory contract
Give us your income information or provide employment information
Tell us about your investment or retirement portfolio or give us your contact information
We also collect your personal information from other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Aperio Group has no affiliates
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Aperio Group doesn’t share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Aperio Group doesn’t jointly market
Questions?
Email us at privacy@aperiogroup.com
Other Important Information
Information for Vermont, California and Nevada Customers
Vermont: In response to a Vermont regulation, if applicable, we disclose personal information about you to non-affiliated third parties with whom we have joint marketing agreements, we will only disclose your name, address, other contact information, and information about our transactions or experiences with you.
California: For California consumers, we have additional information regarding your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) to supplement the information contained in this Policy. Please see our CCPA Privacy Notice.
Nevada: Nevada law requires us to disclose that you may request to be placed on our “do not call” list at any time by calling 415-339-4300. To obtain further information, contact the Bureau of Consumer Protection, Office of the Nevada Attorney General at 555 E. Washington Ave., Suite 3900, Las Vegas, NV 88101; phone 1-702-486-3132; or email BCPINFO@ag.state.nv.us.
Information for Individuals Located in Europe
Aperio Group does not operate in the European Economic Area (EEA) and, therefore, any processing of personal information from individuals located in the EEA is incidental. If you are located in the EEA, we will ask for your consent to transfer and store your personal information in the United States.  Should you have questions regarding the collection or processing of your personal information, please contact us at privacy@aperiogroup.com.
Protecting Children’s Privacy Online
Aperio Group’s marketing and services are not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and those children should not provide Personal Information through our website or Portal. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 without parental consent. For more information about the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), visit the Federal Trade Commission website.
Modifications to our Privacy Policy
We change our privacy practices from time to time as the need arises. When we do, we will revise this Privacy Policy and we will post the revised document on our website.
When changes to this Privacy Policy are material, we will provide notice to clients.
Privacy Questions, Comments or Feedback?
Please contact us via mail:
Attention: Data Privacy Officer Aperio Group 3 Harbor Drive, Suite 204 Sausalito, California 94965
Email us at privacy@aperiogroup.com
Call us at 415-339-4300
We may not respond to automated requests or other requests that do not appear to be legitimate.
Request Type
Portfolio Management
Portfolio Analysis
Account Maintenance
Performance or Reporting
Billing
Portal Administration
ESG
Aperio is providing this link to a third-party website that displays a research report, article, webcast, video, or other content that we believe may be informational or educational for you. This linked content is presented by a source that we believe to be reliable, but we do not guarantee its accuracy or completeness, including any associated disclosures. Aperio has no control over the nature of the content on, or the availability of, this third-party website.
The inclusion of this link on our website also does not imply a recommendation or endorsement of any views expressed in such linked content and should not be considered: investment, tax, or legal advice; a solicitation; a recommendation of Aperio or any third-party’s services; or an offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments in any jurisdiction.
Cancel
Go
Your subscription to the Aperio Blog has been confirmed. You will receive an email notification when a new blog is posted.
Your password is now updated.
Thank you for setting the security questions for your account.
User Must Be Logged In
You must be logged in to perform this action.
Invalid token. Please reload the page and try this action again.
You Currently Do Not Have Portal Access
You do not have access to the Aperio Client Portal.
Please note that if you just registered, it may take up to 24 hours after your registration form has been approved before you are able to log in.
That answer does not match our records. Note that responses to security questions are case sensitive. Please try again or contact Aperio at operations@aperiogroup.com or 415.339.4590.
Your portal user profile does not have provide access to this page. Please contact your administrator if you believe you have receieved this message in error.
Please select a request type.
Your account is temporarily locked because you repeatedly entered wrong answers to security question.  Please try again in an hour.
There was an error sending the email to your new user. Please try again.
There was an error sending your email. Please try again.
There was an error sending the email to reset your password. Please try again.
There was an error sending the verification email for your portal account. Please press “Send Verification Email” to retry.
There was an error sending your Contact Us form to Aperio. Please try again.
Would you like to set up Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) for your account? If yes, click here. If not, you are able to enable MFA for your account at anytime in your Profile by clicking Edit Profile.
With Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA), an extra layer of security is added to your account to prevent unauthorized users from logging in, even if they have your password. This extra security measure requires you to verify your identity using a randomized code we will send you each time you attempt to log in. MFA reduces the risk of unauthorized requests from your Aperio Client Portal account and provides extra security for your data.
You can choose to receive your security code through one of three ways: by text message/SMS, voice call, or the Okta Verify app. Through Aperio’s partnership with Okta, you can access their free Verify app to receive your MFA token on your Apple or Android device.
Are you sure you want to remove this factor from your account?
The factor has been successfully removed from your account.
You are enrolled in SMS MFA.
You are not enrolled in Text/SMS MFA. To learn how to enroll, click here.
To enroll in SMS MFA, please enter your mobile phone number.
Enter the code received on your mobile phone below.
You have successfully enrolled in SMS MFA.
This phone number was previously set up for SMS MFA for this account. The number and your portal account are now re-enrolled in SMS MFA. If this is incorrect, please contact Aperio at 415.339.4590.
You are enrolled in Voice Call MFA.
You are not enrolled in Voice MFA. To learn how to enroll, click here.
To enroll in Voice MFA, please enter your number and extension if applicable.
Enter the code from the automated voice call you just received.
You have successfully enrolled in Voice MFA.
You are enrolled in Okta Verify MFA.
You are not enrolled in Okta Verify MFA. To learn more on Okta Verify MFA, visit the Okta Verify enrollment guide here.
Please ensure you have downloaded the Okta Verify App prior to clicking Enroll.
After opening the Okta Verify App on your mobile device, press Add Account and scan the QR code shown on the screen. Enter the code shown in the app in the box below.
You have successfully enrolled in Okta Verify MFA.
Confirm Subscription
RefreshInput symbols