https://apintertrust.com/terms_conditions.htm
Skip to contentHome>Terms and Conditions Terms and Conditionsapintertrust2020-05-12T07:21:41-04:00Terms and Conditions1. Liability1.1. When a person (hereinafter referred to as “Client”) places an order with A & P Intertrust Corporation, liability of A & P Intertrust Corporation, its officers, directors, agents, shareholders, affiliates and employees (hereinafter referred to as “A & P Intertrust”) shall be limited only by the amount, which Client paid to A & P Intertrust.1.2. A & P Intertrust specifically disclaims and Client agrees to release A & P Intertrust from any and all claims, damages and liability arising from any errors made by A & P Intertrust.1.3. No responsibility for loss suffered directly or indirectly to by any person acting or refraining from acting wholly or partially upon as a result of the information provided on A & P Intertrust’s website www.apintertrust.com (hereinafter referred to as “Website”) or any other on-line information sources, e-mails or other communications or for any error or omission, inaccuracies or inconsistencies presented in this information can be accepted by A & P Intertrust.1.4. Under no circumstances A & P Intertrust shall be liable or responsible for any damage or inconvenience caused or alleged to be caused by the use of A & P Intertrust’s services.1.5. Client is totally responsible for compliance with his local legislation and for legitimate usage of all documents and information provided by A & P Intertrust.2. Communication2.1. To the full extent permitted by applicable law, any information, notices or other communications regarding Client’s order and/or Client’s use of A & P Intertrust’s services, may be provided to the Client electronically and the Client agrees to receive all communications from A & P Intertrust in electronic form.2.2. Electronic communications may be posted on the pages within Website and/or delivered to Client’s e-mail address.2.3. The Client may print a copy of any communication and retain it for his records.2.4. All communications in either electronic or paper format will be considered to be in “writing,” and to have been received no later than three (3) business days after posting or sending, whether or not the Client have received or retrieved the communication.2.5. A & P Intertrust reserves the right but assumes no obligation to provide communications in paper format.3. Legal Advice3.1. A & P Intertrust is not a law firm and neither A & P Intertrust nor any of its employees provide legal services or legal advice.3.2. A & P Intertrust encourages the Client to seek appropriate professional opinion and advice from his lawyer and other professionals before making legal decisions involved in creating a corporation, business name registration, tax and (or) investment planning.3.3. No e-mail or other communication to or from A & P Intertrust shall form attorney-client relationship.4. Financial AdviceA & P Intertrust is not a financial institution and doesn’t offer or provide any financial services or financial advice.5. Tax AdviceA & P Intertrust doesn’t offer or provide tax advice. The Client is encouraged to seek professional opinion of a tax adviser familiar with tax legislation of the Client’s country of residency.6. Fees6.1. A & P Intertrust’s fees are listed in the Fee Schedules published on the Website.6.2. When Client places his order online, the order form calculates the total amount and shows it to Client.6.3 Client is responsible for paying the total amount before A & P Intertrust starts processing of Client’s order.7. Order Processing7.1. A & P Intertrust processes orders placed by Canadian residents for products and services related to business registration in Canada in accordance with the Canada Order Processing Procedure published on the Website.7.2. A & P Intertrust processes all other orders in accordance with the International Order Processing Procedure published on the Website.7.3. A & P Intertrust may refuse any order at its discretion and does not need to give Client a reason for refusal. If Client’s order is declined, A & P Intertrust refunds Client’s payment the next business day.8. Shipping and Return Policy8.1. Orders are shipped in accordance with the time frames for the ordered products and documents published on the Website.8.2. When Client’s order is accepted, sales of services (incorporation/formation, business name registration, accounting, name search and other services provided by A & P Intertrust) and products (minute books, share certificates, corporate seals, embossers and other products sold by A & P Intertrust) are non-refundable.9. GuaranteeAll ordered documents and items conform with Client’s order or A & P Intertrust corrects them at its expense.10. Clients Responsibilities10.1. The Client is totally responsible for all business and financial transactions of the ordered company (including but not limited to sole proprietorship, partnership, corporation, business company, international business company, limited liability company, foundation) .10.2. The Client confirms in writing the purposes for which the company, documents and services are acquired does not include money laundering, terrorist activities, receiving the proceeds of drug trafficking, trading in arms, munitions or other weapons, gambling/gaming business activities, soliciting funds from the general public, offering investment advice to the general public, the management of investments other than the property of the company, the operation and administration of collective investment schemes, trading with countries subject to embargo authorized by the Security Council of the United Nations, or for any other purpose which is illegal under the law of the place of incorporation/formation or management or jurisdiction in which the company is to trade.10.3. The client agrees and confirms that all his information and documents provided to A & P Intertrust Corporation are true and correct.11. Complaint ProcessingA & P Intertrust processes complaints according to its Complaint Processing Procedure published on the Website.12. Privacy and DisclosureA & P Intertrust respects privacy of our clients and protects private information according to our Privacy Policy.13. JurisdictionRelationship of A & P Intertrust and the Client is governed by the law of the Province of Ontario and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the court of the Province of Ontario.14. Acceptance of this Terms and ConditionsClient agrees that placing an order with A & P Intertrust constitutes Client’s agreement to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.