https://apintertrust.com/privacy_policy.htm
Skip to contentHome>Privacy Policy Privacy Policyapintertrust2020-06-11T17:24:12-04:00Privacy PolicyClients security and privacy is the Number One Priority at A & P Intertrust Corporation.Information collection, use and sharingWe are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email, our order forms or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to file your information with the government for incorporation or business registration purposes, to ship an order, etc.We may disclose your personal information in the following cases:to our registered agent in the jurisdiction of incorporation/formation of your company;to government, when it is required for incorporation/formation of your company;to our lawyers and auditors in the ordinary course of business;to protect against, fraud, lawsuits, claims or other liability;to government, regulatory or law enforcement agencies to the extent permitted or required by the law of the Province of Ontario, or to comply with applicable legal requirements.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email, phone or mail in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.OrdersWe request information from you on our order forms. To place your order with us for incorporation and business registration services, you must provide your personal information (name, residential address, contact phone number, email, shipping address) and personal information of all corporate directors/officers (name, residential address) and shareholders/partners (name). For other orders you must provide contact information (name, email, phone number and shipping address).This information is used for filing and billing purposes and to fulfill your orders. We also use this information to contact you and verify your orders and information included in your orders.LinksThis web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us at your earliest convenience.