https://app.bnamericas.com/cookiepolicy
Cookie policy
What are cookies?
When you use our website we may store a small amount of information on your computer in the form of a 'cookie'. This is a common method used by almost every website you visit, and many websites will not function at all without the use of cookies.
Standard uses for browser cookies include:
Language or location preference
Interface customization
The 'remember me' option when logging in
We use encrypted information gathered from cookies to improve your experience while using our website. We do not use cookies to store personally identifiable information.
Cookies are not viruses and will not harm your computer. Cookies use a plain text format and are not compiled pieces of code so they cannot be executed nor are they self-executing.
To find out more detailed information about cookies, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Your privacy
We respect your privacy and we want to ensure that we’re clear about your privacy when using our website.
Our cookies
To take full advantage of our website your computer, tablet or mobile phone will need to accept cookies, as we can only provide you with certain features of this website by using them. We believe it is important to be clear about any cookies that are being set, and why, so we have provided the following to explain this to you.
First-party cookies set by us:
app.bnamericas.com.session: This cookie store a special encrypted key that allows you to access our website using your private account.
org.springframework.web.servlet.i18n.CookieLocaleResolver.LOCALE: This cookie stores your preferred language and country in order to our servers retrieve corresponding content.
rememberMe: This cookie keeps your session alive so you don’t have to login every time you enter our website.
user_hash: This cookie allows
redirect from free site of bna to app site.
Thirst-party cookies:
AWSALB (Amazon Web Services): This cookie is used by a server balancer to keep your connections to the same server.
ajs_* (Segment): These cookies are used to track your page views and events within ourwebsite in order to deliver this information to our private data warehouse. This data warehouse feeds our Business Intelligence system that allow us to improve our products and services. Segment also distributes information and enables cookies for Intercom and Google Analytics.
intercom-* (Intercom): These cookies are used to activate our in-app messaging system and keep a history of all communication between you and our website managers.
_g* (Google Analytics): These cookies collect information anonymously, and it reports website usage trends without identifying individual visitors.
Managing cookies
Most internet browsers allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies or warn you before a cookie is stored. You can also choose to only block third-party cookies, however this actions will stop our website to function as intended.You can find out more about managing cookies by visiting http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/