https://appleton.ie/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for
We at and respect your right to privacy and comply with our obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to outline how we deal with personal data provided to appleton.ie   while visiting any of our websites listed below:
Any links to other external websites are clearly identifiable as such, and appleton.ie   is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of these other websites. While we take care of the safety of information on our websites on an ongoing nature, if you are not happy with this Privacy Policy you should not use any of our websites.
Protecting your privacy as a user of appleton.ie   websites is important to us and we strive to keep all information relating to you confidential in accordance with this statement.
As part of the normal operation of our services you may voluntarily provide us with information about yourself (“Personal Data”). The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to explain what Personal Data we collect about you, how that Personal Data might be used and how we protect your Personal Data and privacy.
We will be happy to answer any enquiries from you regarding this Privacy Statement, the Personal Data we hold about you or the use we make of it. If you have any queries or comments please contact our data manager: info@appleton.ie
Site visitors
If you are merely visiting the public areas of appleton.ie  websites, we do not collect any Personal Data about you. However, we may automatically collect information about your visits, such as browsing patterns. Information collected in this way does not reveal your contact details or any type of Personal Data. This information is only used in aggregate form to analyse, manage and develop appleton.ie   website and is not linked to any individual.
Third Party
Paypal is used as a 3rd party payment engine for products and services purchased through and Perfec Headboards websites and their privacy policy is avilable upon request.
Registration for the appleton.ie   Newsletter
If you sign up for the appleton.ie    newsletter, we will collect and hold Personal Data about you when you register. The Personal Data collected by us through our website when you sign up for our newsletter include your full name and e-mail address.
If you signed up for our newsletter via a trade show show, network event or were added because you expressed interest in our products or services or becasue you were a customer in the past then we may also hold further information such as you contact telephone number, appleton.ie   telephone and address.
In order to send you our digital newsletter your data will be shared with MailChimp.
MailChimp are a data compliant digital communication platform.  Your data will only be saved, stored or processed in association with and Your name.  Your data will never be shared for any purposes other than to transmit our newsletter or any other communication you have agreed to receive from appleton.ie   only.
Legal requirements
We reserve the right to access and disclose Personal Data to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests or requests by the police investigating suspected illegal activities, to operate our systems properly or to protect ourselves or other  appleton.ie   website users. We also reserve the right to disclose Personal Data to third parties if a complaint arises concerning your use of and Your name, and that use is deemed by us to be inconsistent with the Terms & Conditions.
Public Forums
appleton.ie   may make available reviews, news groups and links to social media networks. Please remember that any Personal Data that you disclose in these areas of  appleton.ie   media becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any information on them. Sample media sites or public forum sites may include but are not limited to  Facebook, Trusted People, LinkedIn, Google Reviews etc
How do we protect your Personal Data?
When you input any Personal Data into appleton.ie   Website or request services from us, we use appropriate physical, electronic and managerial security measures to try to prevent that Personal Data from being accessed by unauthorised persons and to ensure that you may input Personal Data safely.
Cookies
appleton.ie    use session cookies A session cookie contains information that is stored in a temporary memory location and then subsequently deleted after the session is completed or the web browser is closed. This cookie stores information that the user has inputted and tracks the movements of the user within the website.
Consent
By accepting the Terms & Conditions or by using the services on the appleton.ie   website, you consent to the collection and use of your Personal Data by us for the purposes outlined above and for any other purpose which is reasonably necessary for the provision or proper administration of appleton.ie service in accordance with the Conditions.
You agree that your Personal Data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area for the purposes described above to countries, which may not provide legal protection of Personal Data equivalent to the level of protection within the Republic Of Ireland.
If you do not wish your Personal Data to be used in the manner set out in this Privacy Statement or the Terms & Conditions please do not use appleton.ie   website.
Changes to our policy
This Privacy Statement is subject to change at any time. We encourage you to review the Privacy Statement regularly for any changes. We will use Personal Data in accordance with the Privacy Statement under which that Personal Data was collected.
This Privacy Statement is part of appleton.ie   website Terms & Conditions (the “Conditions”) and all defined terms shall have the same meaning as those in the Conditions.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, or if you wish to request access to your personal information, correct or update your details or raise any privacy concerns you may have, please contact us at info@appleton.ie
Sales SearchHouses
Apartments
Commercial
Sites
Lettings SearchHouses
Apartments
Contact us today for a free consultation
Contact us
×
You need to log in to use member only features.
Login
User Name*
Password*
Forgot Password
Reset Password
Username or Email*
Login Here