http://appliedthermaltechnologies.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Services
Vacuum Heat Treating
Vacuum Brazing
Bright Annealing
Titanium Heat Treating (AMS-H-81200)
Titanium Water Quench
Precipitation 12 Foot Bars
Precipitation Hardening of Steels
Industries
Aerospace Brazing
Aerospace Heat Treating
Medical Device Heat Treating
Medical Device Brazing Services
Orthopedic Heat Treating
Materials
Nickel Cobalt
Titanium
Stainless Steel
PH Stainless Steels
Austenitic Stainless Steel
Martensitic Stainless Steel
Validations
Meeting Validation Requirements
About Us
History
Quality
ISO 9001:2015 and AS9100D Registration
ITAR Registered
Nadcap™ Accredited
Rolls-Royce Certificate
Honeywell Current Approvals
Bell Helicopter Certification
Moog Suppliers
DUNS and CAGE codes
Testimonials
Staff
FAQ - Glossary
Forms
New Customer Packet
Validations
Request for Quote
PO Requirements
Flowdown
Bar Codes
Contact Us
Login
Search form
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Your privacy is important to Applied Thermal Technologies, Inc. This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that Applied Thermal Technologies, Inc collects, and the ways in which Applied Thermal Technologies, Inc uses that personal information.
PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION
Applied Thermal Technologies, Inc may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
information about your use of this website (including pages visited, time on each page, etc.)
information that you provide using for the purpose of registering with the website (including name, email, phone number)
information about transactions carried out over this website (including billing address, shipping address, phone number, etc.)
information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services (including email address, phone number, address, etc.)
any other information that you send to Applied Thermal Technologies, Inc.
USING PERSONAL INFORMATION
Applied Thermal Technologies, Inc may use your personal information to:
administer this website
personalize the website for you
enable your access to and use of the website services
publish information about you on the website
send to you products that you purchase
supply to you services that you purchase
send you statements and invoices
collect payments from you
send you marketing communications.
Where Applied Thermal Technologies, Inc discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, Applied Thermal Technologies, Inc may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
SECURING YOUR DATA
Applied Thermal Technologies, Inc will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Applied Thermal Technologies, Inc will store all the personal information you provide on its secure servers.
Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology.
CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS
Information that Applied Thermal Technologies, Inc collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which Applied Thermal Technologies, Inc operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world.
You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
UPDATING THIS STATEMENT
Applied Thermal Technologies, Inc may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
OTHER WEBSITES
This website contains links to other websites.
Applied Thermal Technologies, Inc is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
CONTACT APPLIED THERMAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or Applied Thermal Technologies, Inc's treatment of your personal information, please write :
by post to 2169 N 100 E, Warsaw, IN 46582.
This privacy statement is based on a Freenetlaw template supplied by Employment Law Contracts.
PLEASE RETAIN THIS CREDIT AND THESE LINKS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE CREATIVE COMMONS ATTRIBUTION LICENSE UNDER WHICH THE TEMPLATE IS PROVIDED.