http://archemix.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Last updated: August 21, 2019
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your info when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We use Your Identifying Data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of info in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Relevant Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.Company (referred to as either “the Company”, “We”, “Us” or “Our” in this Agreement) refers to Archemix.Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, cellphone or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.Service refers to the Website.Country refers to: United StatesIdentifying Data is any info that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone, wireless device or a digital tablet.Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.Third-party Social Media Service refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.Bandwidth data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).Website refers to Archemix, accessible from http://archemix.comYou means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Collecting and Using Your Identifying Data
Types of Data Collected
Identifying Data
While using Our Service, We, Archemix, may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable info that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable info may include, but is not limited to:
First name and last nameEmail addressbandwidth data
bandwidth data
bandwidth data is collected automatically when using the Service.
bandwidth data may include info such as Your Device’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When You access the Service by or through a cellphone, We, Archemix, may collect certain info automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of cellphone You use, Your cellphone unique ID, the IP address of Your cellphone, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect info that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a cellphone.
Tracking Technologies and Cookies
We, Archemix, use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain info. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track info and to improve and analyze Our Service.
You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service.
Cookies can be “Persistent” or “Session” Cookies. trackingn cookies remain on your personal computer or cellphone when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close your web browser.
We use both session and trackingn cookies for the purposes set out below:
Necessary / Essential Cookies Type: Session Cookies Administered by: Archemix Purpose: These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide You with those services.Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance Cookies Type: trackingn cookies Administered by: Archemix Purpose: These Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website.Functionality Cookies Type: trackingn cookies Administered by: Archemix Purpose: These Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use the Website, such as remembering your login details or language preference. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide You with a more personal experience and to avoid You having to re-enter your preferences every time You use the Website.
For more info about the cookies we use and your choices regarding cookies, please visit our Cookies Policy or the Cookies section of our Privacy Policy.
Use of Your Identifying Data
The Company may use Identifying Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service, including to monitor the usage of our Service.To manage Your Account: to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Identifying Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.For the performance of a contract: the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application’s push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.To provide You with news, special offers and general info about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such info.To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
We may distribute your personal info in the following situations:
With Service Providers: We may distribute Your personal info with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to contact You.For Business transfers: We may distribute or transfer Your personal info in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.With Affiliates: We may distribute Your info with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.With Business partners: We may distribute Your info with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.With other users: when You share personal info or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such info may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. If You interact with other users or register through a Third-Party Social Media Service, Your contacts on the Third-Party Social Media Service may see Your name, profile, pictures and description of Your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of Your activity, communicate with You and view Your profile.
Retention of Your Identifying Data
The Company will retain Your Identifying Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Identifying Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain bandwidth data for internal analysis purposes. bandwidth data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Disclosure of Your Identifying Data
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Identifying Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Identifying Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Identifying Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Identifying Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligationProtect and defend the rights or property of the CompanyPrevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the ServiceProtect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the publicProtect against legal liability
Transfer of Your Identifying Data
Your info, including Identifying Data, is processed at the Company’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this info may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such info represents Your agreement to that transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Identifying Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal info.
Security of Your Identifying Data
The security of Your Identifying Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Identifying Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “Last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By email: info@archemix.com
Search for:
Archives
Meta
Log in