https://argodata.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Terms of Use2018-11-11T03:58:10-06:00
Terms of UseThis Privacy Policy describes the types of “Personal Information” (information that is identifiable to a particular person) that ARGO collects in connection with this site. ARGO does not sell or distribute personal information to third parties. ARGO gathers personal information and will distribute this information within ARGO in an effort to meet your needs and respond to your information requests.
“Personal Information”
ARGO collects personal information about visitors to this site indirectly through our internet access logs. When you access argodata.com or any other sites, social media pages or other internet destinations related to ARGO, your browser’s domain name and internet address is automatically collected and is placed in our internet access logs. ARGO uses this information to learn about which pages and information our site visitors access and how often. ARGO also collects personal information when you directly submit it to us. When ARGO collects personal information from you, we intend to use the personal information to meet your needs and respond to your requests. It is completely up to you whether to provide this personal information. ARGO may also use and disclose personal information in order to comply with laws, regulations, court orders and lawful instructions from a government agencies or other competent authority, to protect the personal safety of users of our services or the public, to defend ARGO from claims, to resolve disputes, to troubleshoot problems, or to protect ARGO rights and property.
Cookies, Browser Information and Related Issues
a. When you visit this site, ARGO receives certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as your IP address, browser type and language, access times and referring website addresses, and other such information. This data may be used among other uses to improve the operation of this site and to improve site security by assisting in “authenticating” who you are when you access this site, particularly if you register for a site offering or functionality and are issued or create a username and password.
b. ARGO may also receive additional information about your visit to this site, including the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take in connection with this site and the products and services offered through it. This data may be used among other uses to improve the operation of this site and to make this site design more efficient.
c. Like most websites, this site also uses “cookies,” which are small text files placed on your computer by the web server when you visit this Site. Most such cookies are “session” cookies that are only used for a specific period during which you are on this site, but a few are “persistent” cookies that stay on your hard drive and are read by the web server when you return to this site. This site uses cookies to store your preferences and other information on your computer in order to save you time by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information and to display your personalized content on your later visits to this site. Cookies cannot and will not be used to deliver or run programs on your computer. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. However, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of this site that depend on cookies.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, ARGO maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards, and require those to whom we disclose personal information (including our employees and service providers that assist us in operating this site) to do the same.
External Links
This site may provide links to other third party websites. Even if the third party is affiliated with ARGO through a business relationship or otherwise, ARGO is not responsible for the conditions or results of use, privacy policies or practices or the content of such external links or the person or entity responsible for them. These links are provided to you for your convenience only, and you access them at your own risk.
Privacy Policy Updates
ARGO may amend this policy at any time by posting a revised version on this site, which will be effective at the time it is posted unless a delayed effective date is expressly stated in the revision.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Go to Top