https://argoxtv.com/policies
Find A Dealer
Test Drive
accessorize
2021 Brochure
Email
Privacy Policy
We treat your information confidentially. We do not sell your personal information to other organizations. We only pass it on to the distributor and/or dealer in your area for follow-up. There are over 300 dealers worldwide committed to serving your needs.By giving consent to ODG to use your personal information, you are allowing ODG to contact the nearest distributor and/or dealer in your area to follow up on your requests. You are also allowing ODG to send you Argo product information, updates, and special offers.If you do not give consent to ODG and our distributors and/or dealers to use your personal information, we will be unable to contact you with your requested information.If you have any questions or concerns regarding ODG's Privacy Policy, you can reach ODG at 519-662-4000 during normal business hours. You can withdraw your consent at that telephone number. You can also contact us to obtain or change any personal information we have collected about you.ODG's Privacy Policy does not apply to the links to other sites found on the ODG web site.ODG reserves the right to change our Privacy Policy at any time. By giving ODG consent to use your personal information, you are agreeing to regularly review our Privacy Policy posted on this site and are also agreeing to any changes we have made. You may withdraw your consent for ODG to use your personal information at any time.
Customer Service Policy
ARGO strives at all times to provide its goods and services in a way that respects the dignity and independence of people with disabilities. It is committed to giving people with disabilities the same opportunity to access the company's goods, services and allowing them to benefit from the same services, in the same place and in a similar way as other customers.Our "Customer Service Policy Large Print Document" is available at request.If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Customer Service Policy, you can reach us at 519-662-4000 during normal business hours, EST.
Environmental Policy
We are committed to the continuous improvement and minimization of our impacts on the environment as a result of our actions and operations. In agreement with this policy statement, we comply with environmental legal requirements and conduct our business in an environmentally responsible manner, with regard to the surrounding community.
To further this policy, we shall:Comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations set out by federal, provincial and municipal governments and other requirements set out in internal documents or procedures.
Utilize pollution prevention techniques such as material substitution, source reduction, recycling and other treatment or control technologies to eliminate or reduce emissions to the natural environment.Effectively communicate to our employees, suppliers, carriers, customers and the local community.Periodically review and demonstrate continuous improvement initiatives regarding our Environmental Management System.
Personnel Policy
We believe in the dignity, worth and fair treatment of every employee. Each employee will be treated with respect as an important contributor to our success.Each employee has the right to be free from harassment of any nature.We are committed to the equality of all employees.We will foster personal and professional development among our employees through training and promotions from within.Each employee is expected to show a strong commitment to our company and to perform to the best of her/his abilities in serving our customers.
Find A Dealer
Go
SIGN UP
×
LOCATION
×
Your location differs from the site that you are viewing. Would you like to choose a different version of the ARGO site?
USA
Canada - English
Canada - French
International
Launch modal register Form