https://artisticstairs-us.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
(770) 888-7333 Contact
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Southern Staircase and Artistic Stairs is committed to respecting your online privacy. The security of all information associated with our customers is an important concern to us. The following is meant as a general overview of our current Online Privacy Policy.
Collection of Information
We will never collect personal information without your knowledge or consent. We will also provide you the opportunity to let us know if you do not wish to receive unsolicited direct marketing materials from us and we will do everything we can to honor such requests.
Southern Staircase and Artistic Stairs may also collect and store information for statistical purposes. For example, we may count the number of visitors to the different sections of our site to help us make the various areas of the site more useful to our visitors.
Sharing of Information
Southern Staircase and Artistic Stairs will not sell, rent, or lease your personally identifiable information to third parties.
Security
Southern Staircase and Artistic Stairs is committed to protecting the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
Computer Tracking and Cookies
Our websites are not set up to track, collect or distribute personal information not entered by visitors. Our site logs generate certain kinds of non-identifying site usage data, such as the number of hits and visits to our sites. This information is used for internal purposes by technical support staff to provide better services to the public and may also be provided to others, but again, the statistics contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information.
Links to other sites
This site contains links to other sites. Southern Staircase and Artistic Stairs is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. We encourage you to seek out the privacy statement of each site you visit before submitting any information of a personal nature.
Acceptance of terms
Southern Staircase and Artistic Stairs may modify its site or this Online Privacy Policy at any time, and such modifications shall be effective as soon as the modified policy is posted. Accordingly, you agree to review the policy periodically, and your continued access or use of this site shall be deemed your acceptance of the modified agreement.
Request A Consultation Today !
CLICK HERE
Our Partners in 50 States.