https://asbe.org/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy
The American Society of Baking (here in referred to as “ASB”) is committed to the issue of protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy is intended to assist visitors understand how ASB collects, uses, safeguards and discloses the information collected on asbe.org (the “Website”) and all other publicly available online services controlled or provided by ASB (collectively, the “Services”).
If you have questions about ASB’s Privacy Policy or practices, or if you need to contact us about the information we collect about you, our contact information is at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Applicability & Eligibility
Applicability
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services, and ASB’s collection, use, disclosure, and protection of your data. It does not apply to third-party websites, applications, or services.
Before accessing, using, or interacting with the Services you should carefully review the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
Eligibility To Use The Services
The Services are not directed to children under the age of 16. You may not use the Services if you are under the age of 16.
Information Collection And Use
Information We Collect
Visitors may generally browse public portions of the Website anonymously without providing any personal information. ASB collects data about you and your use of the Services through various means, including when you provide information when you become an ASB Member, donate, register for events and webinars, and when we automatically collect information about you when you access, use, or interact with the Services. We use this information for a variety of different reasons, including to improve the Services and to tailor the Services to you. ASB processes Personal Data collected through the Services on the lawful basis of legitimate interests to provide the Services to you. Such processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by ASB or by our Service Providers related to the Services.
The types of information ASB may collect about you include:
Information You Provide
ASB Membership and Event Registration: We collect Personal Data from you when you register for ASB membership on ASBE.ORG, purchase a subscription, signup for webinar, emails, newsletters, or white papers, or register to attend Annual Event. “Personal Data” refers to information about you that may be used to identify you, such as your first name, last name, title, email address, phone number, and mailing address. ASB uses this information to provide your membership, register you for events, provide information about membership and events, and administer your registrations with ASB.  Some of your ASB Account information may be displayed publicly.
ASB Account Information: ASB may require you to register for an account (an “ASB Account”) in order to use certain Services, such as the Conference Registration Center. We do not require you to register to use all of our Services. However, if you do register for Services offering an ASB Account, you will gain access to those areas and features of the Services that require registration. ASB will collect certain information about you in connection with your registration for your ASB Account, which may include Personal Data and other information such as a username, password, personal profile, pictures, your location, and information about your contacts. Some of your ASB Account information may be displayed publicly. You are not required to provide your Personal Data; however, if you choose to withhold certain Personal Data, we may not be able to provide you with certain Services.
Payment Transaction Information: We may collect, and store information related to purchases and donations made through the Services. You may provide certain information to complete payments via the Services, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address (collectively, “Payment Information”), along with your name and billing, delivery, and shipping address, to complete payment transactions through certain Services.
Please note ASB works with Service Providers (as defined below) to handle payment transactions. ASB does not itself collect or maintain your credit card or other financial account information; this information is handled for ASB by our Service Providers. You are subject to the Privacy Policies and Terms and Conditions of our Service Providers when purchasing an ASB membership, shopping for ASB products, or making donations, the terms of which may differ from those of ASB for the ASB Services. Please review the Service Providers’ Privacy Policies and Terms and Conditions before using their services.
Form Information: We may use online forms to request certain information from you in order to perform certain Services, such as your location to assist you in locating our products, or your contact information to assist with contacts or service requests. This information may include Personal Data.
Correspondence Information: If you sign up for a membership, attend a conference or event, email us, subscribe to our newsletters mailing lists, publications, or blogs, we may keep your message, email address, and contact information to respond to your requests, provide the requested products or Services, and to provide notifications or other correspondences to you. If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, you may let us know by sending us an email or by writing to us at the address below. Please note requests to remove your email address from our lists may take some time to fulfill. We may also still contact you as needed to provide important announcements or notifications regarding the Services.
Information Collected Automatically:
Cookies, Web Beacons, Links, and other tracking technologies: ASB may keep track of how you use and interact with the Services through the use of cookies, web beacons, links, and other tracking technologies. We do this to help analyze the use of and improve the Services. Through these technologies we may automatically collect information about your use of the Services and other online activities, including our email correspondences, third-party services, and client applications, and certain online activities after you leave the Services. Link information is generally only analyzed on an aggregate basis. Some Services may not function properly if you disable cookies. Such data may include analytics information, sites visited before visiting the Services, browser type, operating system, and tracking of your interactions with our content and emails.
Information Sharing
ASB Personnel: ASB’s personnel may have access to your information as needed to provide and operate the Services in the normal course of business. This includes information regarding your use and interaction with the Services.
Service Providers: ASB works with various organizations and individuals to help provide the Services to you (“Service Providers“), such as website and data hosting companies and companies providing analytics information, like Google Analytics. We may share your personal information with our Service Providers for the purpose of providing the Services. The information we share to our Service Providers may include both information you provide to us and information we collect about you, including Personal Data and information from data collection tools like cookies, web beacons, log files, Unique Identifiers, and location data. ASB takes reasonable steps to ensure that our Service Providers are obligated to reasonably protect your information on ASB’s behalf. If ASB becomes aware that a Service Provider is using or disclosing information improperly, we will take commercially reasonable steps to end or correct such improper use or disclosure.
Business Transactions: ASB may purchase other businesses or their assets, sell our business assets, or be involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets (a “Business Transaction”). Your information, including Personal Data, may be among assets sold or transferred as part of a Business Transaction.
Lawful Requests: We may be required to disclose User information pursuant to lawful requests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or in compliance with applicable laws. We generally do not disclose User information unless we have a good faith belief that an information request by law enforcement or private litigants meets applicable legal standards. We may share your information when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable laws, to protect our interests or property, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity perpetrated through the Services or using the ASB name, or to protect the safety of any person. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, agents, or government agencies. Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party’s, including a government’s, request to disclose your information.
Your Rights and Choices Regarding Your Information
Your Rights
Relevant data protection laws provide you certain rights regarding the protection of your data, including:
The right to be informed
The right of access
The right of rectification
The right of erasure
The right to restrict processing
The right to data portability
The right to object
The right of automated decision making and profiling
More information about your rights relating to ASB and the Services is provided via this Privacy Policy.
Access To The Information ASB Has Collected About You
ASB welcomes you to contact us regarding the information we have collected about you, including regarding the nature and accuracy of the data that has been collected about you, to request an update, modification, or deletion of your information, to opt-out of certain Services uses of your information, or to withdraw any consent you may have granted to ASB.
Please note requests to delete or remove your information do not necessarily ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information posted, and removed information may persist in backup copies indefinitely. Please note that if you choose to delete your information or opt-out of the collection and use of your information, you understand that certain features, including but not limited to access to the Services, may no longer be available to you.
We may store the information we collect about you indefinitely, but information generally will be retained only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the information was collected , or as otherwise required by law. Following termination or deactivation of an ASB Account, ASB may retain your information and content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, and audit purposes.
Safety of Information
ASB takes reasonable efforts to secure and protect the privacy, accuracy, and reliability of your information and to protect it from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. ASB implements security measures as we deem appropriate and consistent with industry standards. As no data security protocol is impenetrable, ASB cannot guarantee the security of our systems or databases, nor can we guarantee that personal information we collect about you will not be breached, intercepted, destroyed, accessed, or otherwise disclosed without authorization. Accordingly, any information you transfer to or from Services is provided at your own risk.
Please do your part to help us keep your information secure. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and ASB Account and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or ASB Account. ASB specifically reserves the right to terminate your access to the Services and any contract you have with ASB related to the Services in the event it learns or suspects you have disclosed your ASB Account or password information to an unauthorized third party.
Opting-Out Of Communications From ASB
Users may opt-out of receiving certain communications from ASB by following the unsubscribe process described in an email communication, or by contacting us using the contact information provided below. However, please note you may not opt-out of Services-related communications, such as account verification, changes or updates to features of the Services, or technical and security notices.
Do Not Track
ASB does not currently employ a process for automatically responding to “Do Not Track” (DNT) signals sent by web browsers, mobile devices, or other mechanisms. Per industry standards, third parties may be able to collect information, including Personal Data, about your online activities over time and across different websites or online services when you use Services. You may opt out of online behavioral ads at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. You also may limit certain tracking by disabling cookies in your web browser.
Additional Provisions Regarding The Services & Your Information
Transfer And Storage Of Your Information: Please note information ASB collects about you may be transferred, processed and/or accessed by us in the United States, or another country where we, or our Service Providers operate. Please be aware Personal Data may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state or country where privacy laws may differ from and may not be as protective as those where you live. If you are located outside the United States and choose to allow us to collect information about you, please be aware that ASB may transfer your Personal Data to the United States and process and store it there.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information to a country or jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of Service Providers, also as disclosed.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
ASB reserves the right to revise this privacy statement at any time by posting a revised statement on this Website. Use of this Website after such change signifies the user’s acceptance of the changed terms.
Contact ASB
ASB
American Society of Baking
7809 N. Chestnut Ave.
Kansas City, MO 64119
privacyrequest@asbe.org
Phone: +1.800.713.0462
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. To learn more about cookies and how ASB uses them please visit our Privacy Policy page.
By using this website, you are consenting to the use of cookies.OkPrivacy Policy