https://askstaffing.com/privacy
Privacy Policy - Ask Staffing
About
Letter from our CEO
Awards & Accolades
News & Events
Life @ ASK
Meet the Team
Social Responsibility
Diversity & Inclusiveness
ASK has nearly 400 professionals across the globe with a single minded focus: providing our clients with exceptional talent to help them solve some of their biggest challenges. As an award winning staffing firm that specializes in the placement of professionals on a direct-hire, temporary-to-hire, and contract basis, we pride ourselves on our ability to consistently deliver.ASK has nearly 400 professionals across the globe with a single minded focus: providing our clients with exceptional talent to help them solve some of their biggest challenges. As an award winning staffing firm that specializes in the placement of professionals on a direct-hire, temporary-to-hire, and contract basis, we pride ourselves on our ability to consistently deliver.ASK has nearly 400 professionals across the globe with a single minded focus: providing our clients with exceptional talent to help them solve some of their biggest challenges. As an award winning staffing firm that specializes in the placement of professionals on a direct-hire, temporary-to-hire, and contract basis, we pride ourselves on our ability to consistently deliver.ASK has nearly 400 professionals across the globe with a single minded focus: providing our clients with exceptional talent to help them solve some of their biggest challenges. As an award winning staffing firm that specializes in the placement of professionals on a direct-hire, temporary-to-hire, and contract basis, we pride ourselves on our ability to consistently deliver.ASK has nearly 400 professionals across the globe with a single minded focus: providing our clients with exceptional talent to help them solve some of their biggest challenges. As an award winning staffing firm that specializes in the placement of professionals on a direct-hire, temporary-to-hire, and contract basis, we pride ourselves on our ability to consistently deliver.ASK has nearly 400 professionals across the globe with a single minded focus: providing our clients with exceptional talent to help them solve some of their biggest challenges. As an award winning staffing firm that specializes in the placement of professionals on a direct-hire, temporary-to-hire, and contract basis, we pride ourselves on our ability to consistently deliver.ASK has nearly 400 professionals across the globe with a single minded focus: providing our clients with exceptional talent to help them solve some of their biggest challenges. As an award winning staffing firm that specializes in the placement of professionals on a direct-hire, temporary-to-hire, and contract basis, we pride ourselves on our ability to consistently deliver.ASK has nearly 400 professionals across the globe with a single minded focus: providing our clients with exceptional talent to help them solve some of their biggest challenges. As an award winning staffing firm that specializes in the placement of professionals on a direct-hire, temporary-to-hire, and contract basis, we pride ourselves on our ability to consistently deliver.
Careers
Hot Jobs
Submit a Resume
Whether you looking for a contract or permanent positions, your career journey begins here.Whether you looking for a contract or permanent positions, your career journey begins here.Whether you looking for a contract or permanent positions, your career journey begins here.
Expertise
Our Approach
ASK is an award winning, diversity certified, national staffing company with 11 offices in USA and 2 offices in India. We specialize in contract, contract-to-hire and Permanent positions.ASK is an award winning, diversity certified, national staffing company with 11 offices in USA and 2 offices in India. We specialize in contract, contract-to-hire and Permanent positions.
Blog
Candidates
Clients
Employee Spotlight
Hot Topics
Industry Bloopers
Operation Occupation
Uncategorized
Contact
Privacy Policy - Ask Staffing
Privacy Policy of ASK Staffing, Inc
ASK Staffing, Inc operates the www.askstaffing.com website, which provides the SERVICE.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service, the askstaffing website.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at www.askstaffing.com, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Our website uses these “cookies” to collection information and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
The Information We Collect:
This website uses cookies to record user-specific information about the pages you access or actions you take during your visit on our site. These cookies do not store or collect any personally identifiable data.
The Way We Use Information:
Through the cookies used on this site, we create remarketing (or similar lists) that identify and serve individuals with select interests in our company, products, or services. This list is used to deliver relevant advertisements online. We may use third-party vendors, including Google and Facebook, to display these ads on websites across the Internet. Third-party vendors, including Google and Facebook, use cookies to serve ads based upon someone’s past visits to the ASK Staffing website.
How You Can Access or Correct Your Information:
You have the right to opt-out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings. Alternately, you may opt-out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Children’s Privacy
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page. This privacy policy was created with the GDPR Generator.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
About
Careers
Expertise
Blog
Contact
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Be an interview pro!
Download our E-Book.
© Copyright ASKStaffing 2020 - All Rights Reserved Terms & ConditionsPrivacy Policy