http://assael.co.uk/cookies-policy/
Home
About
Portfolio
News
Contact
Cookies and how they benefit you
Our website uses cookies, as almost all websites do, to help provide you with the best experience we can. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile phone when you browse websites.
Our cookies help us:
Make our website work as you’d expect
Remember your settings during and between visits
Improve the speed/security of the site
Allow you to share pages with social networks like Facebook
Continuously improve our website for you
Make our marketing more efficient
We do not use cookies to:
Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission)
Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission)
Pass data to advertising networks
Pass personally identifiable data to third parties
Pay sales commissions
You can learn more about all the cookies we use below.
Granting us permission to use cookies
If the settings on your software that you are using to view this website (your browser) are adjusted to accept cookies we take this, and your continued use of our website, to mean that you are fine with this. Should you wish to remove or not use cookies from our site you can learn how to do this below, however doing so will likely mean that our site will not work as you would expect.
Website function cookies
Our own cookies
We use cookies to make our website work including:
Remembering your search settings
There is no way to prevent these cookies being set other than to not use our site.
Third party functions
Our site, like most websites, includes functionality provided by third parties. A common example is an embedded YouTube video. Our site includes the following which use cookies:
Vimeo
Disabling these cookies may break the functions offered by these third parties
Social Website Cookies
So that you can easily “Like” or share our content using services such as Facebook and Twitter, we have included sharing buttons on our site.
Cookies are set by: Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter
The privacy implications on this will vary from social network to social network and will be dependent on the privacy settings you have chosen on these networks.
Visitor Statistics Cookies
We use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using (e.g. Mac or Windows which helps to identify when our site isn’t working as it should for particular technologies), how long they spend on the site, what page they look at etc. This helps us to continuously improve our website. These so called “analytics” programs also tell us if how people reached this site (e.g. from a search engine) and whether they have been here before.
We use: Google Analytics
Turning Cookies Off
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to stop it from accepting cookies. Doing so however is likely to limit the functionality of our’s and a large proportion of the world’s websites as cookies are a standard part of most modern websites.
It may be that your concerns around cookies relate to so called “spyware”. Rather than switching off cookies in your browser you may find that anti-spyware software achieves the same objective by automatically deleting cookies considered to be invasive.
The cookie information text on this site was derived from content provided by Attacat Internet Marketing http://www.attacat.co.uk/, a marketing agency based in Edinburgh.
Our offices
Assael Architecture Ltd123 Upper Richmond RoadLondonSW15 2TL
+44 (0) 20 7736 7744
info@assael.co.uk
Assael Architecture International LtdLevel 22 West TowerBahrain Financial HarbourKing Faisal HighwayManamaBahrain
+44 (0) 20 7736 7744
info@assael.co.uk
Contact us
Call us, email us, find us. It’s all here
Get in touch
Client log in
Client services log in area
Client log in
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Quality & Environmental policy
COVID-19 risk assessment
For any press enquiries, please contact Blackstock Consulting on 020 3137 6361 or at team@blackstock.co.uk.				© Copyright Assael Architecture Ltd 2020
Filter:
Apply
Clear
Filter by services:
All Services
Filter by sectors:
All Sectors
Apply
Clear
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Read how we use cookies and how you can control them in our 'Cookies Policy'. By continuing to use this site, you agree to the use of cookies. Accept Read More