http://assistance-for-you.clickhere2.net/custom2.html#privacypolicy
Sign In
Sign-Up
Welcome!
Close
Would you like to make this site your homepage? It's fast and easy...
Yes, Please make this my home page!
No Thanks
Don't show this to me again.
Close
Assistance For YouMore Information
Home  |
About Us |
Services |
More Information |
What's New
|
Contact Us |
Affiliations |
BizTools |
BizNews |
Favorite Links
Virtual Assistant Needs Analysis
If you find yourself in the following situations, you may need the expertise of a Virtual Assistant:You have just started a new businessYou need professional administrative assistanceYour workload exceeds your ability to meet deadlinesYou find yourself working later hoursYour office space is too limited to hire staffYou cannot invest in computer equipment or softwareYou travel frequently and need a base support systemYou only need assistance on a limited or part-time basisYou only need help for specific projects
Your business isn't growing at all
Your business is expanding too rapidly
You need organized direction
You have limited internet or computer expertise
You feel burned out
You need to regain your quality time
Your small/home office is a disaster
Do you fit into 3 or more of the scenarios above? If so, then you have a definite need for our expertise. See if you're ready to partner with us by taking the Staffcentrix Needs & Readiness Assessment Here
Why Choose Assistance For You?
Over Thirteen Years Office Management Experience Proven Multi-Tasking Abilities Excellent Communication Skills Quick Turn-Around Time Committed Dependable Efficient Open-Minded Focused Quick-Learner Good Listener Intuitive Pro-Active Versatile More Benefits
Our Wares
Hardware AMD-K6 20G Computer Brother Plain Paper Fax Machine HP 1510 All-in-One Epson Stylus C82 Inkjet Printer Largan Digital Camera Adaptec Direct CD Re-Writer High Speed DSL Connectivity Cell Phone Availability  Software Internet Explorer 7.0/MSN9 Microsoft Greetings Microsoft Office Microsoft Messenger Microsoft Word Microsoft Excel Microsoft Messenger Microsoft Picture It Microsoft PowerPoint Microsoft Publisher Microsoft Works Norton Internet Security Adobe Acrobat Reader 7.0 Adobe Photo Deluxe Easy CD Creator 4 Windows Media Player
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
We take your privacy and security seriously and appreciate your trust that we will use your personal or business information only for the purposes for which it is intended. Client privacy is our goal and all correspondence is kept confidential. You control the information you voluntarily share with us. Information collected, either voluntarily or through the course of business, is for the sole use of Assistance For You. Your personal information is never sold and may only be shared if required by law through subpoena, court order or through a specific work order request you have placed. Specific project information may only be shared, disclosed or tansmitted to other parties, with your consent and knowledge, if necessary to complete a project (i.e. printing, specialty orders, notarizations etc. By voluntarily providing mailing addresses you agree that you may receive periodic mailings, via electronic or regular postal mail. If you choose to discontinue mailings, please send an email to us stating your preference to be removed from our mailing list. To contact us click here. Information on this web site is provided "as is" and without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. Information on this web site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. This web site may contain cookies supplied by ClickHere2Network, the owners of the site software, that this site is located on. We are not responsible for the ClickHere2Network's methods of operations. By visiting and/or using the Assistance For You site you are accepting the practices and terms described herein. This web site may contain proprietary notices and copyrighted information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. Designated trademarks and brands are the copyright of their respective owners. Assistance For You and/or its' agents and/or officers shall not be held liable for the use operation, products, services, content, privacy practices or results obtained from any and/or all hyperlinks contained within this web site. This site is governed by the State of Washington and any/all disputes will be arbitrated in Kent WA or it's closest local municipality.
All Rights Reserved. Copyright© Assistance For YouDesignated trademarks and brands are the copyright of their respective owners.