https://assurity.com/legal-information
Legal Information
Assurity is a marketing name for the mutual holding company Assurity Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Those subsidiaries include but are not limited to: Assurity Life Insurance Company and Assurity Life Insurance Company of New York. Insurance products and services are offered by Assurity Life Insurance Company in all states except New York. In New York, insurance products and services are offered by Assurity Life Insurance Company of New York, Albany, New York. Product availability, features and rates may vary by state.Assurity Life Insurance Company - NAIC license 71439Assurity Life Insurance Company of New York – NAIC license 15940
Legal notices
Online Privacy Policy
Assurity is a marketing name for the mutual holding company, Assurity Group Inc. and its subsidiaries. Those subsidiaries include, but are not limited to, Assurity Life Insurance Company and Assurity Life Insurance Company of New York. Insurance products and services are offered by Assurity Life Insurance Company in all states except New York. In New York, insurance products and services are offered by Assurity Life Insurance Company of New York, Albany, NY. Product availability, features and rates may vary by state.
Assurity recognizes the importance of protecting information that users of Assurity websites provide to us. We adopted this Online Privacy Policy to tell you how we collect, use, maintain, protect and disclose information collected online.
You may browse pages within any Assurity website for general information about Assurity and its business without providing us access to any of your personal information except as described herein. If you choose to take advantage of certain Assurity website features or services, you may be asked to provide certain personal information that can be used to personally identify or contact you. In addition, certain pages on Assurity websites provide online access to personal information (such as your policy) and allow you to complete or request certain transactions online.
This Policy applies to information we collect:
On any webpage contained within an Assurity website.In email or other electronic messages between you and Assurity or any Assurity website.Through mobile and desktop applications you download from any Assurity webpage, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and any Assurity website.It does not apply to information collected:
Offline, directly from you, or through any other means.From any third party, including through any application or content that may link to or be accessible from an Assurity website.By accessing or using any Assurity website, you agree to this Online Privacy Policy, so please review it carefully to understand Assurity’s treatment of online information. If you do not agree with this Policy, you should cease use of Assurity online resources and contact us by telephone at 800-869-0355. Please know that this Policy may change from time to time, and your continued use of any Assurity website is conditioned upon your acceptance of those changes. Please review this Policy periodically. We will post notice of any material changes on the home page for a reasonable time.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
Assurity collects various types of information from and about users of our websites, including the following information that is designated by certain laws as “personal information”:
Information by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address or telephone number.Information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, such as about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access any Assurity website and usage details.We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us, either through any Assurity website or via email.Automatically as you navigate through the website. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies and other tracking technologies, such as Google Analytics.Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through any Assurity website may include:
Information that you provide by completing forms or requesting transactions on any Assurity website or by other electronic means. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use any Assurity website or when requesting services or transactions related to your Assurity insurance policy.Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.Details of transactions you request that we complete through any Assurity website.Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with any Assurity website, we may use automatic data collection technologies, such as cookies and Google Analytics, to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to any Assurity website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on any Assurity website.Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.The information we collect automatically is generally statistical data and we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect elsewhere or from third parties. This helps us to improve our websites and to deliver a better and more personalized service. This includes enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our websites according to your individual interests.Speed up your searches.Recognize you when you return to our websites.The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a webpage server. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time, in order to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Assurity pages, or register with an Assurity website or service, a cookie helps Assurity to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, some interactive features of the Assurity website may not function optimally or at all.Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information, in the following ways:
To present Assurity websites and their contents to you.To provide you with information that you request.To fulfill any other purpose or transaction for which you provide the information.To provide you with notices and other information about your Assurity insurance policy.To notify you about changes to Assurity websites and any products or services we offer or provide through our websites.In any other way we describe at the time you provide information on any Assurity website.For any other purpose with your consent.As described in our Customer Privacy Policy and, where applicable, our HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices.As permitted or required by law.DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
We do not sell personal information collected from users of our websites. We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in our Customer Privacy Policy and, where applicable, our HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices. Without your consent, we may share your information with persons or organizations in and out of Assurity and our affiliated companies as permitted or required by law, such as with service providers, companies pursuant to a potential merger or acquisition, and law enforcement.
DATA SECURITY
Assurity has implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls and we have implemented various physical, technical and administrative safeguards. Any payment transaction information is protected in accordance with industry standards, including Payment Card Industry (PCI) data security standards.
The safety and security of your information is also your responsibility. Where you have chosen a password for access to certain parts of any Assurity website, you are responsible for selecting a strong password and keeping the password secret. We ask that you use a password unique to Assurity websites and never share your password with anyone. If you believe your password may have been compromised, please contact us immediately.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although Assurity does its best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted across the interest to any Assurity website, or that Assurity websites will be free from malware or malicious attack that could result in compromise of your information. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on any Assurity website. ASSURITY MAKES NO WARRANTY RELATED TO USE OF ANY ASSURITY WEBSITE AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY FOR COMPROMISE OF YOUR SYSTEM. In the event of a data security incident and as required by law, we may notify you by posting to an Assurity website, or by email, mail, or telephone.
MONITORING
To protect Assurity websites from unauthorized use and to ensure proper function, we may monitor activities on any Assurity website. Anyone using an Assurity website expressly consents to such monitoring and is advised that if such monitoring reveals possible evidence of criminal activity, Assurity may provide the evidence of such monitoring to law enforcement.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Assurity websites may contain links to third party websites ("linked sites"). Linked sites are not under the control of Assurity and Assurity is not responsible for the privacy practices of these websites. When you access a linked site, you agree to independently review the privacy information provided on that website to determine its privacy practices.
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13
Assurity websites are not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on any Assurity website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 via any Assurity website. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on any Assurity website or on or through any of its features, register on the website, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us.
CHANGES TO OUR ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
Assurity will post any changes we make to our Online Privacy Policy on this page and the date last modified is displayed at the end of the policy.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have questions or comments about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, contact us via our toll-free number 800-869-0355, Ext. 4279 or at: ASSURITYPO Box 82533Lincoln, NE 68501-2533
CALIFORNIA residents: For more about your privacy rights pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act, please see the separate California Privacy Information Disclosure.
Effective Date (last modified): 01/01/2020
Print Version
Read More
Assurity Customer Privacy Policy
At Assurity, we value our customers. We also share customers' concerns about privacy.
Assurity is a marketing name for the mutual holding company Assurity Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Those subsidiaries include but are not limited to: Assurity Life Insurance Company and Assurity Life Insurance Company of New York. Insurance products and services are offered by Assurity Life Insurance Company in all states except New York. In New York, insurance products and services are offered by Assurity Life Insurance Company of New York, Albany, New York. Product availability, features and rates may vary by state.
This notice explains how we treat personal information ("customer information") that is not public. This is information that we obtain from customers or other sources when we provide products and services.
Customers,
We want you to know that we respect your privacy; and we protect your information.We do not sell customer information.We do not share your information with persons, companies, or organizations outside of Assurity and our affiliated companies that would use that information to contact you about their products and services.We expect persons or organizations that provide services on our behalf to keep your information confidential. We also expect those persons or organizations to use your information only to provide the services we've asked them to perform.We communicate to our employees about the need to protect your information. We have established safeguards (these are physical, electronic and procedural) to protect this information.What do we do with your information?
Assurity does not sell your customer information to anyone. We do not share it with companies or organizations outside of Assurity that would use that information to contact you about their own products and services. If that practice were ever to change, we would offer you the ability to opt out of this type of information sharing. Also, we would obtain your consent before we share medical information for marketing purposes.
Your agent or broker may use your information to help you with your insurance needs. We may also communicate with you about products, features, and options in which you have expressed an interest. Without your consent, we may provide your information to persons or organizations in and out of Assurity and our affiliated companies.
This would be done as permitted or required by law. We may do this to:
Fulfill a transaction you have requestedProvide service on your policyMarket our products to youInvestigate or handle claimsDetect or prevent fraudParticipate in insurance support organizations (Information from a report by an insurance support organization may be retained by that organization and distributed to other persons.)
Comply with lawful requests from regulatory and law enforcement authorities. These persons or organizations may include:
Companies that perform services, including marketing, on our behalfOther insurance companies to perform their role in an insurance transaction involving youBusinesses that conduct actuarial or research studiesPersons requesting information pursuant to a subpoena or court orderYour agent or brokerWhat kind of customer information do we have, and where did we get it?
Much of the information that we have about you comes from you. When you perform certain transactions you may give us information such as your name, address, and Social Security number. These transactions include when you submit an application for insurance, submit a request for insurance, submit a request for products and services we offer, or submit a request for an insurance quote. We keep information about the types of services you purchase from us. Examples of this include: premiums, account balances, and payment history. We may collect information from outside sources such as consumer reporting agencies and health care providers. The information we collect may include the following:
Motor vehicle reportsCredit reportsMedical and prescription informationHow do we protect your customer information?
We expect any company with whom we share your information to use it only to provide the service we have asked them to perform. We communicate the need to protect your information to all affiliated companies, employees and agents. Plus, we have established physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your information. Note that if your relationship with us ends, your information will remain protected. This protection will be provided according to our privacy practices outlined in this notice.
If you have any questions or would like more information, please don't hesitate to contact Assurity, Privacy Officer, PO Box 82533, Lincoln, NE 68501-2533.
For MONTANA residents: A request may be made to obtain the name(s) of any entities to which we have disclosed your medical information during the preceding two years.
For INDIANA residents: Questions regarding your policy or coverage should be directed to Assurity at (877)229-5553. If you (a) need the assistance of the governmental agency that regulates insurance; or (b) have a complaint you have been unable to resolve with your insurer, you may contact the Department of Insurance by mail, telephone, or email:
State of Indiana Department of Insurance Consumer Services Division 311 West Washington St, Ste 300 Indianapolis, IN 46204
Consumer Hotline: (800) 622-4461; (317) 232-2395. Complaints can be filed electronically at www.in.gov/idoi.
For WISCONSIN residents: Important notice for Life insurance (except Term products) policyholders: Life insurance is a critical part of a broader financial plan. If you are considering making changes in the status of your policy, you should consult with a licensed insurance representative or financial advisor in order to find an alternative best suited to your needs.
Additional information is available from the Wisconsin Office ot the Commissioner of Insurance on its website http://oci.wi.gov or by telephone at (800)236-8517.
For FLORIDA residents: Important notice for individual life insurance policyholders: If you are considering making changes in the status of the policy, you should consult with a licensed insurance or financial advisor.
Additional information is available from the Florida Department of Financial Services on its website http://www.fldfs.com or by telephone at (877)693-5236.
For NEW MEXICO residents: If you are a protected person under the New Mexico Domestic Abuse Insurance Protection Act, you are entitled to special rights. Upon your request, we will provide you with more information about these rights and how to become a protected person.
Print Version
Read More
HIPAA Privacy Practices (Assurity Life Insurance Company)
(This Notice of Privacy Practices is effective February 28, 2013.)
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE READ IT CAREFULLY.
This notice describes the legal obligations of Assurity Life Insurance Company ("Assurity") and your legal rights regarding your protected health information relating to your Assurity Life Insurance Company health policy under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA). Among other things, this Notice describes how your protected health information may be used or disclosed to carry out treatment, payment, or health care operations, or for any other purposes that are permitted or required by law.
We are required to provide this Notice of Privacy Practices (the “Notice”) to you pursuant to HIPAA.
The HIPAA Privacy Rule protects only certain medical information known as “protected health information.” Generally, protected health information is individually identifiable health information, including demographic information, collected from you or created or received by a health care provider, a health care clearinghouse, a health plan, or your employer on behalf of a group health plan that relates to:
your past, present, or future physical or mental health or condition;the provision of health care to you; orthe past, present, or future payment for the provision of health care to you.If you have any questions about this Notice or about our privacy practices, please contact HIPAA Privacy Officer, Assurity Life Insurance Company, P.O. Box 82533, Lincoln, Nebraska 68501-2533.
Our Responsibilities
We are required by law to:
maintain the privacy of your protected health information;provide you with certain rights with respect to your protected health information;provide you with a copy of this Notice of our legal duties and privacy practices with respect to your protected health information; andfollow the terms of the Notice that is currently in effect.We reserve the right to change the terms of this Notice and to make the new practices and Notice provisions effective for all of your protected health information that we maintain, as allowed or required by law. If we make any material change to this Notice, we will provide you with a copy of our revised Notice of Privacy Practices by mail to the last-known address on file no later than our next annual mailing.
How We May Use and Disclose Your Protected Health Information
Under the law, we may use or disclose your protected health information under certain circumstances without your permission. The following categories describe the different ways that we may use and disclose your protected health information.
For Payment. We may use or disclose your protected health information to determine your eligibility for benefits, to facilitate payment for the treatment and services you receive from health care providers, to determine benefit responsibility under your policy, or to coordinate policy coverage. Likewise, we may share your protected health information with another entity to assist with the adjudication or subrogation of health claims or to another health plan to coordinate benefit payments.
For Health Care Operations. We may use and disclose your protected health information for our health care operations, which may include: conducting or arranging for medical review, legal services, and fraud and abuse detection programs; business planning and development such as cost management; and business management and general administrative activities. We may also use and disclose your protected health information for underwriting purposes, except that we may not use or disclose protected health information that is genetic information for this purpose.
To Business Associates. We may contract with individuals or entities known as Business Associates to perform various functions on our behalf or to provide certain types of services. In order to perform these functions or to provide these services, Business Associates will receive, create, maintain, use, and/or disclose your protected health information, but only after they agree in writing with us to implement appropriate safeguards regarding your protected health information.
As Required by Law. We will disclose your protected health information when required to do so by federal, state, or local law. For example, we may disclose your protected health information when required by national security laws or public health disclosure laws.
Health Oversight Activities. We may disclose your protected health information to a health oversight agency for activities authorized by law. These oversight activities include, for example, audits, investigations, inspections, and licensure. These activities are necessary for the government to monitor the health care system, government programs, and compliance with civil rights laws.
Lawsuits and Disputes. If you are involved in a lawsuit or a dispute, we may disclose your protected health information in response to a court or administrative order. We may also disclose your protected health information in response to a subpoena, discovery request, or other lawful process by someone else involved in the dispute, but only if efforts have been made to tell you about the request or to obtain an order protecting the information requested.
Law Enforcement. We may disclose your protected health information if asked to do so by a law enforcement official if in response to a court order, subpoena, warrant, summons, or similar process.
Personal Representatives. We will disclose your protected health information to individuals authorized by you, or to an individual designated as your personal representative, attorney-in-fact, etc., so long as you provide us with a written notice/authorization and any supporting documents (i.e., power of attorney).
Public Health Activities. We may disclose your protected health information for public health activities that are permitted or required by law. These activities may include disclosures to a public health authority to collect or receive such information for the purpose of preventing or controlling disease, injury, or disability.
Abuse, Neglect, and Domestic Violence. We may disclose your protected health information to the appropriate government authority if we believe you have been the victim of abuse, neglect, or domestic violence. Unless such disclosure is required by law, we will only make this disclosure if you agree or, if unable to obtain your agreement, under other limited circumstances when authorized by law.
Deceased Individuals. We may disclose the protected health information of a deceased individual to a coroner, medical examiner, or funeral director to carry out their duties as allowed by law.
To Avert a Serious Threat to Health or Safety.Under certain circumstances, we may use or disclose your protected health information if, in good faith, the use or disclosure is necessary to prevent or lessen the threat and is to a person reasonably able to prevent or lessen the threat (including the subject of the threat).
Military and National Security. We may disclose your protected health information if you are a member of the armed forces as required by military command authorities. We may also disclose your protected health information about foreign military personnel to the appropriate foreign military authority, or to federal authorities, if necessary, for national security or intelligence activities authorized by law. Incidental Uses and Disclosures. There are certain incidental uses or disclosures of your protected health information that occur while we are conducting our business. We will make reasonable efforts to limit these incidental uses and disclosures.
Authorizations. Other uses or disclosures of your protected health information not described above will only be made with your written authorization. Such other uses include, but may not be limited to, (1) most uses and disclosures of psychotherapy notes, (2) uses and disclosures of protected health information for marketing purposes, and (3) disclosures that constitute a sale of personal health information. You may revoke written authorization at any time, so long as the revocation is in writing. Once we receive your written revocation, it will only be effective for future uses and disclosures. It will not be effective for any information that may have been used or disclosed in reliance upon the written authorization and prior to receiving your written revocation.
Your Rights
You have the following rights with respect to your protected health information:
Right to Inspect and Copy. You have the right to inspect and receive a paper or electronic copy of certain protected health information that may be used to make decisions about your health care benefits. To inspect and copy your protected health information, you must submit your request in writing to our HIPAA Privacy Officer. Your request should indicate in what format you want the records (paper or designated electronic format) and we will provide you with the information in that format, if it is readily producible in such format. If you request a copy of the information, we may charge a reasonable fee for the cost of copying, mailing, or other supplies associated with your request. You may also direct us to transmit your protected health information to another person, and we will do so, provided your signed, written direction clearly designates the recipient and location for delivery.
We may deny your request to inspect and copy in certain very limited circumstances. If you are denied access to your medical information, you may request that the denial be reviewed by submitting a written request to our HIPAA Privacy Officer.
Right to Amend. If you feel that the protected health information we have about you is incorrect or incomplete, you may ask us to amend the information. You have the right to request an amendment for as long as the information is kept by Assurity.
To request an amendment, your request must be made in writing and submitted to our HIPAA Privacy Officer. In addition, you must provide a reason that supports your request.
We may deny your request for an amendment if it is not in writing or does not include a reason to support the request. In addition, we may deny your request if you ask us to amend information that:
is not part of the medical information kept by Assurity;was not created by us, unless the person or entity that created the information is no longer available to make the amendment;is not part of the information that you would be permitted to inspect and copy; oris already accurate and complete.If we deny your request, you have the right to file a statement of disagreement with us and any future disclosures of the disputed information will include your statement.
Right to an Accounting of Disclosures. You have the right to request an “accounting” of certain disclosures of your protected health information. The accounting will not include disclosures for purposes of treatment, payment, or health care operations and certain other types of disclosures, for example, disclosures with your authorization or disclosures for national security purposes.
To request this list or accounting of disclosures, you must submit your request in writing to our HIPAA Privacy Officer. Your request must state a time period of not longer than six years and may not include dates before April 14, 2003. Your request should indicate in what form you want the list (for example, paper or electronic). The first list you request within a 12-month period will be provided free of charge. For additional lists, we may charge you for the costs of providing the list. We will notify you of the cost involved, and you may choose to withdraw or modify your request at that time before any costs are incurred.
Right to Notification of a Breach. We are required to provide, and you will receive, notification of any breach of your unsecured protected health information.
Right to Request Restrictions. You have the right to request a restriction or limitation on your protected health information that we use or disclose for treatment, payment or health care operations, or to persons you identify. We are not required to agree to your request. However, if we do agree to the request, we will honor the restriction until you revoke it or we notify you.
To request restrictions, you must make your request in writing to our HIPAA Privacy Officer. In your request, you must tell us: (1) what information you want to limit; (2) whether you want to limit our use, disclosure, or both; and (3) to whom you want the limits to apply – for example, disclosures to your spouse.
Right to Request Confidential Communications.You have the right to request that we communicate with you about medical matters in a certain way or at a certain location. For example, you can ask that we only contact you at work or by mail.
To request confidential communications, you must make your request in writing to our HIPAA Privacy Officer. We will not ask you the reason for your request. Your request must specify how or where you wish to be contacted. We will accommodate all reasonable requests if you clearly provide information that the disclosure of all or part of your protected information could endanger you.
Right to a Paper Copy of This Notice. You have the right to a paper copy of this notice. You may ask us to give you a copy of this notice at any time. Even if you have agreed to receive this notice electronically, you are still entitled to a paper copy of this notice.
You may obtain a copy of this notice at our website, www.assurity.com.
To obtain a paper copy of this notice, please contact our HIPAA Privacy Officer.
Our Response to Your Request to Exercise Your Rights. We will respond to your requests to exercise any of the above rights on a timely basis as required by law.
Complaints
If you believe that your privacy rights have been violated, you may file a complaint with the Plan or with the Office for Civil Rights. To file a complaint with the Plan, contact Assurity's HIPAA Privacy Officer. All complaints must be submitted in writing.
A complaint to the Office of Civil Rights should be sent to Office for Civil Rights, Department of Health and Human Services, 601 East 12th Street - Room 248, Kansas City, Missouri, 64106, (816) 426-7278, fax (816) 426- 3686.
You will not be penalized, or in any other way retaliated against, for filing a complaint with the Office of Civil Rights or with us.
Assurity Life Insurance Company is a U.S. company serving U.S. residents in all states except New York. Not all products are available in all states or territories.
National Association of Insurance Commissioners No. 71439
Print Version
Read More
Privacy Information Disclosure for California Residents
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), you may request access to your personal information or request your information be deleted by us (subject to certain exceptions) by submitting a verifiable request.
To verify a consumer request, we ask for information such as your name, street mailing address, email address, and policy number to confirm your identity and provide an appropriate response. We may not process all requests. For example, a legal exception may apply or your information may be exempt. We will not discriminate against you for exercising these rights. You may submit a request by accessing the link below or by contacting us at our toll-free number 800-869-0355, Ext. 4279 and asking for a member of our Privacy Team: https://privacyportal-cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/2d0e0ddf-c115-4c83-aeda-5cf1f09e9cfe/11a42e82-694c-415e-b997-2f9b9476d813.html
CCPA indicates that companies should disclose whether the following categories of information are collected, transferred for consideration, or transferred for an organization’s “business purpose” as that term is defined under California law. Note that while a category may be marked, that does not necessarily mean that we have information in that category about you. For example, while we transfer bank account numbers for our business purpose in paying our employees (e.g., direct deposit) we do not collect or transfer bank account numbers of individuals that submit questions on our website’s “contact us” page. Also note that certain personal information such as that collected pursuant to the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, California Financial Information Privacy Act is exempt from CCPA but may still be represented in the chart.
See the chart linked below for this information.
View Chart
Print Version
Read More
Vendor Security Requirements
Assurity values the relationships we have with the vendors we do business with. We trust our vendors to uphold certain privacy standards.
Read More
Consumer Notices
Tennessee Tornado Notice
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO CUSTOMERS AFFECTED BY RECENT TORNADOS
At Assurity, our hearts go out to all those impacted by the recent tornados. As a company dedicated to helping people through difficult times, one of our primary goals is to accommodate the needs of our customers. If you are a resident of the affected areas and you need special consideration as a result of these storms, please contact Customer Connections at 1-800-869-0355, Ext. 4279.
Read More
Illinois State Disaster Area
On December 4, 2018, Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner declared Christian county a state disaster area after significant storms impacted the county.
Assurity has implemented the following guidelines to govern treatment of all consumers affected by this disaster and grant policyholders an extension of any and all policy provisions or other requirements that impose a time limit for an insured or claimant to perform any act. This includes the submission of a claim or proof of loss, reporting of information, submission of bills, or payment of funds. Such extension shall be for a minimum of 60 days from the last date allowed or required under the terms of the contract or allowed or required by Assurity, or longer if deemed reasonable given an individual consumer’s circumstance.Illinois consumers can file a complaint with the Illinois Department of Insurance regarding any disaster-related dispute or issue by calling the Department’s complaint hotline at 1-866-445-5364, or online at: https://mc.insurance.illinois.gov/messagecenter.nsf.
Read More
Illinois Domestic Violence Notice
Illinois Insurance Code section 335b provides important protections to victims of domestic violence.
The law prohibits insurers from taking certain actions against an individual solely because he or she has been a victim of domestic violence. In addition, if an insurer receives a valid order of protection from an individual covered by an insurance policy against a policyholder, the insurer may not disclose the address and telephone number of the victim of domestic violence (or of any child residing with the victim) to the policyholder. An insurer also may not disclose to a policyholder the nature of any health care services provided, or the name, address, and telephone number of a person or entity providing such services to the victim.In addition, insurers must accommodate a reasonable request by an insured who is a victim of domestic violence to receive communications of claim-related information by alternative means or at alternative locations if the person making the request clearly states that the disclosure of all or part of the information could endanger the person. If the insured person is a child, this request may be asserted by the child’s parent or guardian.To make such a request, please contact us or send a copy of the valid order of protection to:Assurity Life Insurance Company Post Office Box 82533 Lincoln, Nebraska 68501-2533 (800) 869-0355 (phone) (888) 255-2060 (fax)You may revoke your request at any time by contacting us at the address or telephone number above.For additional information on domestic violence resources, you may contact the State of Illinois Domestic Violence Helpline:1-877-TO END DV or 1-877-863-6338 (voice)1-877-863-6339 (TTY)
Read More
New York Domestic Violence Notice
New York Insurance Law section 2612 provides important protections to victims of domestic violence.
The law prohibits insurers from taking certain actions against an individual solely because he or she has been a victim of domestic violence. In addition, if an insurer receives a valid order of protection from an individual covered by an insurance policy against a policyholder, the insurer may not disclose the address and telephone number of the victim of domestic violence (or of any child residing with the victim) to the policyholder. An insurer also may not disclose to a policyholder the nature of any health care services provided, or the name, address and telephone number of a person or entity providing such services to the victim.In addition, insurers must accommodate a reasonable request by an insured who is a victim of domestic violence to receive communications of claim-related information by alternative means or at alternative locations if the person making the request clearly states that the disclosure of all or part of the information could endanger the person. If the insured person is a child, this request may be asserted by the child’s parent or guardian.To make such a request, please contact us or send a copy of the valid order of protection to:Assurity Life Insurance Company of New York PO Box 82533 Lincoln, Nebraska 68501-2533 (844) 401-7585 (844) 401-7586 (fax)You may revoke your request at any time by contacting us at the address or telephone number above.For additional information on domestic violence resources, you may contact New York’s Domestic and Sexual Violence Hotline or visit the Office for the Prevention of Domestic Violence website:(800) 942-6906 (800) 621-HOPE or dial 311 (in New York City) (866) 604-5350 (TTY – hearing or speech impaired) http://www.opdv.ny.gov/
Read More
South Carolina DOI Memorandum – Proceeds to Divorced Beneficiaries
The South Carolina Department of Insurance issued a memorandum on March 22, 2016, to educate clients, producers, and brokers to ensure they are aware of the requirements of Section 62-2-507 and insure policyholder’s wishes are met after they are deceased.
Section 62-2-507, provides that an order or decree for divorce or annulment revokes any prior disposition of property, beneficiary designation, inter alia, unless the life insurance policy, a court order, or a marital settlement contract expressly provides for the disposition of the property or for the former spouse to continue as the beneficiary of the policy. This is a proactive effort to ensure that the policyholder’s wishes are met after they are deceased.To view the South Carolina Code 62-2-507 in its entirety please visit the South Carolina Legislature website at http://www.scstatehouse.gov/code/t62c002.php.
Read More
Protecting Yourself from Scams and Fraud
Assurity has recently learned that fake/forged Assurity checks are presently being circulated to consumers in a “secret store evaluator” scam.
This is in addition to previous scams involving attempts to overpay for items sold on Craigslist, fake offers involving modeling jobs and basketball camps, and others. Assurity is only involved in the business of insurance, and our address/contact information is clearly listed on our website. Checks for other purposes are not legitimate. Please take steps to protect yourself! If you have any concerns about a check purportedly from Assurity, contact us at (800) 869-0355, Ext. 4279 or email us at reportfraud@assurity.com.For more information regarding fake check scams, please visit: http://fakechecks.org/prevention-faqs01.html.
Read More
LOAD MORE
Terms of Use
Terms and Conditions of Use
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully before using this Assurity website.
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully before using this Assurity website.
AGREEMENT BETWEEN USER AND ASSURITY
The Assurity website is comprised of various Web pages operated by Assurity.
The Assurity website is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of the Assurity website, or downloading of materials from it, constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices.
PRODUCT INFORMATION
The insurance product information contained on this website has been prepared for informational purposes only and is not intended to constitute a solicitation or offer for sale. All products listed may not be available in all states. Assurity is not authorized to do business in every jurisdiction. Information about Assurity’s products and services contained on the Assurity website should not be relied upon for personal, legal or financial decisions and you should consult an appropriate professional for specific advice tailored to your situation. For further information, please contact your nearest Assurity representative who can provide you with complete details regarding the products which may be available to you.
NO UNLAWFUL OR PROHIBITED USE
As a condition of your use of this Assurity website, you warrant to Assurity that you will not use the Assurity website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use this Assurity website in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Assurity website or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the site. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Assurity website. You are not authorized to post on or transmit to or from this website any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material, or any other content that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the law. You may not modify the information, content or other materials on the website.
Unlawful or prohibited use of this website may subject you to serious civil and criminal penalties and Assurity reserves the right to pursue penalties and other remedies to the fullest extent of the law.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL ASSURITY BE LIABLE FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEBSITE, HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, AND EVEN IF ASSURITY HAS BEEN ADVISED IN ADVANCE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN JURISDICTIONS THAT DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, ASSURITY’S LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. IF ANY PROVISION OF THESE TERMS OF USE IS HELD TO BE UNENFORCEABLE FOR ANY REASON, SUCH PROVISION WILL BE REFORMED ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO MAKE IT ENFORCEABLE AND THE REMAINING PROVISIONS WILL NOT BE AFFECTED. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE ASSURITY WEBSITE, OR WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS OF USE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE ASSURITY WEBSITE.
NO WARRANTIES
THE CONTENT ON THE ASSURITY WEBSITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. ASSURITY AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SUITABILITY, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, TIMELINESS AND/OR ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THE WEBSITE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT SUCH INFORMATION AND MATERIALS MAY CONTAIN INACCURACIES OR ERRORS AND WE EXPRESSLY EXCLUDE LIABILITY FOR ANY SUCH INACCURACIES OR ERRORS TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK NOTICES
Copyright and Proprietary Rights
All content on the Assurity website is protected by applicable copyright laws. Users are prohibited from modifying, copying, distributing, transmitting, displaying, publishing, selling, licensing, creating derivative works or using any content on this site for commercial or public purposes.
You may print a copy of the information contained herein for your personal use only, but you may not reproduce or distribute the text or graphics to others or substantially copy the information on your own server, or link to this website, without the prior written permission of Assurity.
Trademarks
In addition, content is protected by trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communication regulations and statutes. Assurity owns all service marks and logos located on the site unless otherwise indicated. Removal or reproduction, by any means, of any materials, logo, trademark, service mark, or the name of Assurity or its affiliates, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Assurity. Nothing on this website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark without our written permission.
Other parties' trademarks and services marks that may be referred to on this site are the property of their respective owners.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
This website may contain links to third party websites ("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites are not under the control of Assurity and Assurity is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. Assurity is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site. Assurity is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Assurity of the Linked Site or any association with its owner. If you access a Linked Site, you acknowledge you are subject to the Linked Site’s policies and terms and conditions of use. We reserve the right to terminate a link to a Linked Site at any time.
ACCESS TO PASSWORD PROTECTED OR SECURE WEB PAGES
Access to and use of password protected or secure Web pages on this website are restricted to authorized individuals only. To prevent unauthorized access to your account and to prevent unauthorized use of any Assurity website, you agree to protect and keep confidential your user name and password, or any other means of accessing your account on this site from any person not authorized to access your account. If you disclose your user name or password to any person or entity, you assume all risks and losses associated with such disclosure. If you permit any other person or entity to use your user name or password, you are responsible for any transactions and activities authorized from your account. If you believe someone may attempt to use or has used your account without your permission, or that any other unauthorized use of your account number or password or security breach has occurred, you must change your password and immediately notify us by calling (800) 869-0355, ext. 4279. Any person who accesses or attempts to access such areas without authorization may be subject to prosecution.
You should not send any confidential or proprietary information to us via any Assurity website, except in connection with customer service and to perform those functions permitted by the site.
TERMINATION/ACCESS RESTRICTION
Assurity reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate, suspend or limit your access to the password protected or secure Web pages on this website at any time, without notice.
GOVERNING LAW AND EXCLUSIVE FORUM FOR ENFORCEMENT
Except to the extent governed by the federal law of the United States (e.g. copyright), any and all disputes arising out of these Terms and Conditions of Use will be governed by the internal laws of the State of Nebraska without regard to any choice of law rules. You agree that any and all actions or proceedings stemming from any disagreement, dispute, claim, or complaint regarding the Assurity website shall be filed exclusively and solely in the federal or state courts located in Lancaster County, Nebraska.
MODIFICATION OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
Assurity reserves the right to change the Terms and Conditions of Use under which the Assurity website is offered. You should review these Terms and Conditions of Use regularly as they may change at any time.
SERVICE CONTACT: helpdesk@assurity.com
Print Version
Read More
User Registration Agreement
Please read the following agreement before registering for online account access.
MyAssurity User Registration Agreement
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.
Registration on the MyAssurity site permits you to:
Access information about your insurance policy(s);Perform certain transactions which are available to you on the MyAssurity site; andReceive electronic versions of certain records in connection with your policy, where available.Policy data provided through this site is subject to adjustment and correction. You acknowledge that information provided on this site is not the official record of your policy activity. Information regarding certain policies or products may not currently be available through the MyAssurity site.
Access to the MyAssurity site is restricted to authorized individuals only. In using the site, you agree that you are responsible for the security of your user name, password and any other means of accessing your account on this site (including, but not limited to, your responses to security questions). To prevent unauthorized access to your account, you agree to protect and keep confidential your user name and password, or any other means of accessing your account on this site, from any person not authorized to access your account. If you disclose your user name or password to any person or entity, you assume all risks and losses associated with such disclosure. If you permit any other person or entity to use your user name or password, you are responsible for any transactions and activities authorized from your account. If you believe someone may attempt to use or has used your account without your permission, or that any other unauthorized use of your account number or password or security breach has occurred, you must change your password and immediately notify us by calling 800-869-0355 ext. 4279, or via US Mail to Assurity, ATTN: Privacy Officer, PO Box 82533, Lincoln, NE 68501-2533. Any person who accesses or attempts to access this website without authorization may be subject to prosecution.
This Agreement is effective when you complete your registration on the MyAssurity site and will continue until termination of this Agreement by you or us. Assurity reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate, suspend or limit your access to this site at any time, without notice. You may terminate your MyAssurity account by calling 800-869-0355 ext. 4279, or submitting a written, signed request via US Mail to Assurity, ATTN: Customer Service, PO Box 82533, Lincoln, NE 68501-2533.
You are solely responsible for the accuracy of all requests and other communications properly received by us. You authorize us to accept and execute transactions related to your policy based upon instructions received via the MyAssurity site. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to process your transaction requests and to update your requested information. You expressly understand and agree that: (i) we may rely on the accuracy of such information; (ii) we may act upon all instructions received via your MyAssurity account; and (iii) we assume no liability if, as a result of the inaccuracy of such information, you or any third party suffer any loss or damages.
By consenting to this Agreement you warrant and represent that: (i) you will not intentionally or negligently cause to be introduced into our systems, any virus or any other contaminant or code that may be used to access, alter, delete, damage or disable any software, data or material or other property we own or use; (ii) we have the right to access your policy information and data without any liability whatsoever to you; and (iii) neither our access to any information submitted by you, your use of the website, nor your provision of any information through these websites, constitutes or may give rise to a claim of patent and/or copyright infringement, or unlawful disclosure, use or misappropriation of any property right.
We make reasonable commercial efforts to prevent viruses from infecting our websites, and ask for your cooperation to help protect our system and yours. You agree to maintain current virus checking software on all computers you use to interface with this site. We are not liable or responsible for any damage caused to your computer by any computer viruses.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Assurity, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorney fees, resulting from any violation of this Agreement by You.
You agree to abide by the Terms of Use of all Assurity websites, which are incorporated into this Agreement by reference.
You agree that the terms of this Agreement are in addition to the provisions governing your Assurity policy, and represent that you are authorized on an ongoing basis to have access to any policy for which you have requested access to this website.
Print Version
Read More