https://asteres.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Asteres, Inc. and its affiliates are strongly committed to protecting the privacy of those who entrust us with their personal information. All those who do business with us, trust and expect that we will protect their personal information in accordance with the promises we make. Accordingly, Asteres does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes.
WEBSITE PRIVACY STATEMENT
Asteres owns and operates asteres.com, scriptcenter.com, and other related sites, all of which are clearly identified as belonging to Asteres Inc. On some of our websites, you may have the opportunity to provide personal information, such as your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number. You may choose not to provide any personal information, however this may prevent you from accessing certain website functionality or additional services.
We may use cookies on our websites to collect aggregate information about usage of the site by all of our users. A cookie is a text file that our site transfers to your computer’s hard drive for recordkeeping purposes and to enhance the quality of your visit to the site. The cookie assigns a random, unique number to the computer. You may set your browser to reject cookies or to let you know when a cookie is being placed on your computer.
Our sites may have links to websites owned and operated by others. We are not responsible for the operation of those websites. The privacy practices of the companies operating those websites may differ from ours, so we recommend that you review their respective privacy policies before providing information through those linked websites.
PURPOSE AND SCOPE
This Privacy Policy describes Asteres’ policies and practices with regard to personal information and non-identifying information collected by Asteres. The term “personal information” refers to personally identifiable information about you such as your name, birth date, e-mail address, mailing address and any other information that is identified with you personally, including your personal health information. This Privacy Policy describes how we use that information and how you can control it.
USERS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES
You expressly consent to Asteres’ processing of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your personal information may be transferred to, stored, and processed outside of the country where it was collected. This may include the United States. When we do so, Asteres will continue to handle the personal information in compliance with the principles established by the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework.
If you represent an organization, you will be responsible to ensure that each member of your organization (including employees and contractors) about whom personal information may be provided to Asteres has given his or her express consent to Asteres’ processing of such personal information.
INFORMATION ASTERES GATHERS AND TRACKS
Asteres collects two types of information about visitors: data that visitors voluntarily submit to Asteres in the course of conducting business with Asteres or using our websites, and aggregated tracking data we collect when visitors interact with our websites.
COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF NON-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
We may collect non-identifying information about our visitors, customers, page views, traffic patterns, and related website information. This information helps us evaluate and improve our website and is sometimes useful for business analysis. We may share this information with third parties but only in aggregate statistical form that includes no personal identifying information. We may use third-party click-tracking analytics tools, such as Google Analytics, to capture website usage data.
COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
The only personal information that Asteres collects about you is the information you voluntarily give us or that is provided to us by a direct customer. Asteres may use the personal information you provide to answer your question or resolve your issue. Asteres also uses this personal information to help us improve the content and functionality of our website and to improve our company and products. We may use third party tools, such as Google Maps, to enhance your experience; this may include transiently sharing information you provide, such as your postal or zip code, address, or phone number. Asteres may share all or some of your personal information with our affiliates or agents providing services on behalf of Asteres, who may use the personal information only in accordance with this privacy policy. In no case is this information provided for third party marketing purposes.
Notwithstanding anything expressed or implied in this Privacy Policy , Asteres will offer you the opportunity, when applicable, to opt-out of disclosing personal information to non-agent third parties or to use personal information for purposes other than for which the personal information was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you.
SECURITY
We use reasonable security procedures to protect the personal information you share with us from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
PRIVACY PROTECTION FOR MINORS
We do not intentionally collect information about children under the age of thirteen through our websites. If you are under thirteen, please do not give us personal data.
BUSINESS ASSOCIATE
Asteres works with healthcare organizations and providers to assist those providers in their healthcare operations, such as enabling you to pick up your prescriptions at a ScriptCenter kiosk. In the course of these activities, Asteres may receive personal information about you, potentially including Protected Healthcare Information or Sensitive Information, from those entities. Asteres is required to abide by the agreements you have with those entities when it receives information from them.
OTHER DISCLOSURES
Under certain limited or exceptional circumstances, Asteres may, as permitted or required by applicable laws and obligations, process Personal Information without providing notice or seeking consent. Examples of such circumstances include responding to duly authorized information requests from police and governmental authorities; protecting employees, the public or Asteres from harm or wrongdoing; auditing financial results or compliance activities; responding to legal requirements or process; meeting legal or insurance requirements or defending legal claims or interests; or satisfying other legal obligations.
TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
In connection with an assignment, sale, joint venture or other transfer of or disposition of some or all of the assets of Asteres Inc., or its affiliated entities, you agree that we can accordingly assign, sell, license, or transfer any information, including personal information, that you have provided to us to those third parties directly involved in the transfer or disposition of such assets. In such cases, we will require those third parties to agree to treat your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy.
CONSENT TO AND CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change, modify, update, add or remove any portion of this Privacy Policy in whole or in part, at any time. If this Privacy Policy is changed by us, we will notify you by posting the date of the change in the current Privacy Policy on this website. Any changes in this Privacy Policy will be effective when such changes are posted to this website.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Asteres commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. Questions, comments, or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact:
Asteres Inc. Attention: Privacy Official 4110 Sorrento Valley Blvd. San Diego, CA 92121, USA
EFFECTIVE DATE
The effective date of this policy is 24 April 2017.