http://astronsustainability.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out generally how we may gather, use, disclose and manage personal information. Personal information means information or opinions about an individual whose identity is apparent or can reasonably be ascertained from the information.
COLLECTING INFORMATION
During the course of dealing with you, Astron Sustainability will generally collect basic personal information about you, such as your name, address and contact details.
We may also request other specific information from you relating to the goods or services you wish to obtain.
USE AND DISCLOSURE
Astron Sustainability will use any personal information collected for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, any purpose disclosed at the time of collection or for related purposes. Generally, we will only use or disclose your personal information as follows:
to provide the product or service you have requested or to answer your inquiry;
to third parties, where we have retained those third parties to assist us to provide the products or services you have requested (for example, we have contracts with third parties to assist us with functions such as mail-outs);
to different parts of the VIP Sustainability and with other entities in the Group to enable the development and marketing of products and services and to improve our customer service in general;
for direct marketing of products or services (if we contact you in this way without obtaining your prior consent, we will provide you with the opportunity to decline any further marketing communications); and
where otherwise legally permitted.
CONTACTING US
Like many other organisations, Astron Sustainability must comply with privacy legislation when dealing with personal information. If you would like any further information or have any queries, problems or complaints relating to our privacy policy or generally about how we handle our information, please contact our legal administrator at:
Astron Sustainability
Level 1, Building 6, 650 Church St
Richmond, Victoria 3121.
Phone: (03) 8825 4100.
Fax: (03) 9815 8388.
Email: info@pactgroup.com.au
© 2018 Astron Sustainability
Pollution Enquiries:  +61 2 9854 2700
Legal Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Standard T&C’s
Standard Terms and Conditions Procurement (Aus)
Current Emissions Monitoring Report
Pollution Incident Response Management Plan
Scroll to top