https://athensfoods.com/about/privacy-policy/
Search for:
Search for:
Products
Recipes
Videos
Phyllo Dough
Phyllo Shapes
Phyllo Shells
About
Foodservice
Contact Us
FAQ
Blog
Privacy Policy
Terms
Site Map
Where To Buy
Sign Up
Careers
Shop
Search
ATHENS and APOLLO are trademarks of Athens Foods, Inc © Athens Foods 2014 Cleveland OH. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
This Web site is owned and provided by Athens Foods and its affiliates (hereinafter referred to collectively as “Service Provider” or “we”) and is provided for your personal entertainment, information, and education. Your use of and/or registration on any aspect of this Web site will constitute your agreement to this Privacy Policy. If you cannot agree with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Web site. This Privacy Policy does not cover information collected elsewhere, including without limitation offline and on sites linked to from the Web site.
This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time and the date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page. Continued access of the Web site by you will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to the Privacy Policy.
Types of Personal Information Collected
We collect personal information from you (such as your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, etc.) only when you voluntarily provide it to us. Depending on the purpose for which the information was provided, we may use the information to communicate with you regarding our products, services, and promotions, to provide you with other information that you request, and/or to improve our product and service offerings.
Here are the circumstances in which we might ask for personal information through our Web site, the types of information we obtain, and how we use the information:
If you send us an e-mail, we will at a minimum obtain your e-mail address.
You may be asked to provide personal information if you:
register for a sweepstakes, contest, or other promotion;
register as a user of our Web site;
register to receive coupons through our Web site;
join a club through our Web site;
participate in a survey, a consumer research panel, or similar type of activity;
ask to receive an online newsletter or other information or material from us; or
otherwise participate in features of our Web site that ask for personal information.
Your participation in any of these activities (and therefore your provision of personally identifiable information) is entirely voluntary. We may use the information you provide to respond to your questions or comments, to administer our promotions and Web site, to fulfill your request, subscription, or order, or to otherwise provide or improve our products and services.
How We Collect and Use Personal Information
Unless otherwise specified on the Web site, Service Provider may sell or share personally identifying information with our affiliates and with carefully selected companies that we think can offer services and products of interest to you. If you’ve registered on any part of the Web site, please use the mechanism on the Web site that allows you to change or update your member preferences or information, if available, to keep all such data accurate and up-to-date.
We also allow access to our database by third parties that provide us with services, such as technical maintenance, but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide those services. While Service Provider will seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorize them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it is provided, Service Provider does not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties. We also may provide access to our database in order to cooperate with official investigations or legal proceedings, including, for example, in response to subpoenas, search warrants, court orders, or other legal process.
In addition, we reserve the right to use the information we collect about your computer, which may at times be able to identify you, for any lawful business purpose, including without limitation to help diagnose problems with our servers, to gather broad demographic information, and to otherwise administer our Web site.
While your personally identifying information is protected as outlined above, we reserve the right to use, transfer, sell, and share aggregated, anonymous data about our users as a group for any business purpose, such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers and partners.
In addition, as our business changes, we may buy or sell various assets. In the event all or a portion of the assets owned or controlled by Service Provider, its parent or any subsidiary or affiliated entity are sold, assigned, transferred or acquired by another company, the information from and/or about our Web site users may be among the transferred assets.
We may share personal information about you with our affiliates for our internal statistical, design, marketing or operational purposes, or those of our affiliated Web sites within the Service Provider organization, such as to estimate our audience size, measure aggregate traffic patterns, and understand demographic, user interest, purchasing and other trends among our users.
In addition to the foregoing, we may share your personal information with third parties whenever you give us your consent to do so by any means or method.
The Web Site includes personal profiles, discussion forums, blogs, social networking services or other interactive areas (“Interactive Areas”) in which you or third parties may create, post or store content, messages, comments, materials or other items on the Web Site. If you use these Interactive Areas, you should be aware that any personal information you post on the Web Site or provide to others through the Web Site may be read, collected and used by others and may be posted on publicly available portions of the Web Site. Such information may be retained indefinitely, and may be saved by caching services on the Internet. You may elect to restrict user access to certain information you post to those you have accepted as “friends” by using the available privacy settings. Please be aware, however, that although we endeavor to use commercially reasonable efforts to implement these restrictions and honor these designations, no system or security measure is perfect or impenetrable, and therefore, we cannot guarantee that this information will not be available to others. We recommend you be cautious in giving out personal information to others in public or private online forums. We are not responsible for personal information you chose to post in Interactive Areas of the Web Site or the use by third parties of such personal information.
We may disclose personal information when we believe we are authorized or required to do so or when doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with the law or with legal process or authorities (e.g., a lawful subpoena, warrant or court order); to enforce or apply this Policy, or our other policies or agreements; to initiate, render, bill and collect for amounts owed to us; to respond to claims, to protect the property or safety rights of our users, our employees, or the public; to protect us or our users from fraudulent, abusive, inappropriate or unlawful use of the Web Site or any services; or if we reasonably believe that an emergency situation requires or justifies disclosure of communications or personal information without delay.
We are not responsible for the actions of third parties, nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to third parties and we encourage you to become familiar with their practices before disclosing information directly to them.
How We Use Cookies, Web Beacons and Similar Technologies
We may employ cookie technology, web beacons, and similar devices on our Web site to facilitate site administration and navigation and to provide an enhanced online experience for our visitors. Information tracked through these mechanisms includes but is not limited to (1) a user’s IP address (e.g., yahoo.com – 192.168.1.1), (2) the type of web browser (e.g., Microsoft Explorer) and operating system (e.g., Windows or Linux) being used, (3) the pages of the Web site a user visits, and (4) other Web sites a user visited before visiting our Web site.
Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but can be configured not to do so or to notify the user when a cookie is being sent. If you wish to disable cookies, refer to your browser help menu to learn how to disable cookies. Please note that if you disable cookies, you may be unable to access some customized features on our Web site. Cookies do not collect or contain your name or e-mail address.
We may use cookies to control the display of ads, to track usage patterns on the Web site, to deliver editorial content, and to record registration and personalization information. For example, if you register on any part of the Web site and are given the option to save your user name and password on your computer, we can provide this convenience to you by placing a cookie on your computer. Our cookies may contain personally identifiable information and such cookies may be shared with our affiliates and other companies.
Web beacons are 1×1 single-pixel graphics that allow us to count the number of users who have visited a particular web page or to access certain cookies. We may use web beacons on our Web sites to count users and to recognize users by accessing our cookies. Being able to access our cookies allows us to personalize our Web site and improve your experience at our Web site. We may also include web beacons in HTML-formatted e-mail messages that we send to determine which e-mail messages were opened. Like cookies, web beacons do not collect or contain your name or your e-mail address.
Choice/Opt-Out/Correcting and Updating Personal Information
If you wish to opt-out of receiving marketing messages and/or subscription based online newsletters or emails from us, please opt-out using the feature directly in the online newsletter or please email us at info@athensfoods.com. You can update your personal information on the profile page, which includes the User Control Panel.
Information Security and Notification
Because no data transmission over the Internet is completely secure, and no system of physical or electronic security is impenetrable, Service Provider can not guarantee the security of the information you send to us or the security of our servers or databases, and by using the Web site you agree to assume all risk in connection with the information sent to us or collected by us when you use the Web site. In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you. If notification is appropriate, we may notify you by e-mail.
Your personal information is accessible online only through the use of a password. Please be aware, however, that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. To protect the confidentiality of personal information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. You are responsible for all uses of our Web site by any person using your password. Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused.
Kids and Parents
This Web site is directed to adults and is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. Service Provider complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and does not permit registration by and will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under age 13. No one under age 13 is allowed to provide any personal information or use our public discussion areas, forums and chats. If your children disclose information about themselves in publicly accessible areas of this Web site, they may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. Accordingly, you should tell them not to do so.
How to Contact Us
Should you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or about our collection or use of information, please e-mail us at info@athensfoods.com or write to Athens Foods Attn: Community Site 13600 Snow Road Cleveland OH 44142.
Date: October 1, 2013