https://atlantichomeloans.com/legal-and-licensing
Atlantic Home Loans Legal & Licensing
Legal & Licensing Information
Atlantic Home Loans, Inc., is committed to treating all individuals fairly and equitably in the conduct of its lending businesses in all jurisdictions where it conducts business.
The AHL mission is to provide quality financial services to existing and prospective customers in accordance with all applicable laws within the United States. This includes fair lending laws such as the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act. These laws require the equitable treatment of all credit applicants, without regarding to race, sex, sexual orientation, color, national origin, religion, age, marital status, disability or other prohibited basis.
State Licensing
Company NMLS#15241. www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org
StateLicense NumberLicense Held
CT15282Connecticut Mortgage Lender License
DE11223Delaware Lender License
FLMLD705Florida Mortgage Lender License
MD19432Maryland Mortgage Lender License
NJ9909761Licensed by Department of Banking and Insurance
TXN/ATexas – SML Mortgage Banker Registration
Texas Mortgage Banker Disclosure
Mortgage Banker: Atlantic Home Loans, Inc. NMLS ID:15241
Consumers wishing to file a complaint against a mortgage banker or a licensed mortgage banker residential mortgage loan originator should complete, sign and send a complaint form to the Texas Department of Savings and Mortgage Lending, 2601 North Lamar, Suite 201, Austin, Texas 78705. Complaint forms and instructions may be downloaded and printed from the department’s website at www.sml.texas.gov. A toll-free consumer hotline is available at 1- 877-276-5550.
The department maintains a recovery fund to make payments of certain actual out of pocket damages sustained by borrowers caused by acts of licensed mortgage banker residential mortgage loan originators. A written application for reimbursement from the recovery fund must be filed with and investigated by the department prior to the payment of a claim. For more information about the recovery fund, please consult the department’s web site at www.sml.texas.gov
HUD/FHA or the Federal Government
Atlantic Home Loans is not acting on behalf of or at the direction of HUD/FHA or the Federal Government.