http://atwellinternational.com/downloads/legal-information/
Legal Information | Atwell International
Tel: +44 (0) 1905 641881. Fax: +44 (0) 1905 641298. Email: info@atwellinternational.com.
Home
About
Our Team
International Sales
Portfolio
Testimonials
Memberships
Charity
FAQ
Products
VG Safety Products
VG Overspeed Governor
VG Rope Brake
VG Safety Gears
VG Tension Weight
ELSCO Roller Shoes
Henning Load Weighing Equipment
Over-Load Control System
Rope Load Measuring System
Acceleration Measuring Technology
Sassi Machines
Bedplates
Divertors
Overspeed Governors
Tension Weights
Guide Shoes
Guide Rails
Buffers
Downloads
Certificates
Technical
Legal Information
News
Contact
Legal Information
Atwell International Policies
Atwell International Terms & Conditions
Anti Bribary Policy
Privacy Policy
What is this Privacy Policy for?
This privacy policy is for this website, www.atwellinternational.com, and served by Atwell International Ltd and governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it.
The policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the website and website owners. Furthermore the way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information will also be detailed within this policy.
The Website
This website and it’s owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience. This website complies to GDPR laws and requirements for user privacy.
Use of Cookies
This website uses cookies to better the users experience while visiting the website. Where applicable this website uses a cookie control system allowing the user on their first visit to the website to allow or disallow the use of cookies on their computer / device. This complies with recent legislation requirements for websites to obtain explicit consent from users before leaving behind or reading files such as cookies on a users computer / device.
Cookies are small files saved to the users computers hard drive that track, save and store information about the users interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through it’s server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website.
Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computers hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and it’s external serving vendors.
This website uses tracking software to monitor it’s visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computers hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website but will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read Google’s privacy policy here for further information [ http://www.google.com/privacy.html ].
No personal information is stored, saved or collected.
Contact & Communication
Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use, as required for GDPR. Every effort has been made to ensure a safe and secure form to email submission process but advise users using such form to email processes that they do so at their own risk.
This website and it’s owners use any information submitted to provide you with further information about the products / services they offer or to assist you in answering any questions or queries you may have submitted.  Your details are not passed on to any third parties.
Email Newsletter
This website operates an email newsletter program, used to inform subscribers about products and services supplied by this website. Users can subscribe through an online automated process should they wish to do so but do so at their own discretion.
All personal details relating to subscriptions are held securely and in accordance with GDPR. No personal details are passed on to third parties nor shared with companies / people outside of the company that operates this website. Under GDPR you may request a copy of personal information held about you by this website’s email newsletter program. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to the business address at the bottom of this policy.
Email marketing campaigns published by this website or it’s owners may contain tracking facilities within the actual email. Subscriber activity is tracked and stored in a database for future analysis and evaluation. Such tracked activity may include; the opening of emails, forwarding of emails, the clicking of links within the email content, times, dates and frequency of activity [this is by no far a comprehensive list].
This information is used to refine future email campaigns and supply the user with more relevant content based around their activity.
External Links
Although this website only looks to include quality, safe and relevant external links users should always adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website.
The owners of this website cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite their best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and this website and it’s owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Social Media Platforms
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and it’s owners participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. This website nor it’s owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.
Shortened Links in Social Media
This website and it’s owners through their social media platform accounts may share web links to relevant web pages. By default some social media platforms shorten lengthy url’s [web addresses] (this is an example: http://tinyurl.com/nsuqp6m).
Users are advised to take caution and good judgement before clicking any shortened urls published on social media platforms by this website and it’s owners. Despite the best efforts to ensure only genuine urls are published many social media platforms are prone to spam and hacking and therefore this website and it’s owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any shortened links.
Resources & Further Information
Twitter Privacy Policy
Facebook Privacy Policy
Google Privacy Policy
Mailchimp Privacy Policy
Home
Downloads
Legal Information
Contact Us Atwell International Ltd
Ball Mill Top Business Park
Hallow
Worcester
WR2 6PD
UK
Tel: +44 (0) 1905 641881
Fax: +44 (0) 1905 641298
info@atwellinternational.com
Recent News
Sassi Gears
Superhero Challenge
System Updates & Stock Takes
Booming Worcestershire lift component manufacturer hosts MP
e-invoicing
Santander Funding
VG Safety Gears – Precise. Reliable. Safe.
Another New Member Of Staff!
New Member of Staff
New VG Test Tower
Categories
Atwell International (43)
Charity (1)
ELSCO (2)
Exhibition (4)
Safety Standards (4)
Sassi (2)
Unintended Movement (9)
VG Overspeed Governor (9)
VG Rope Brake (10)
VG Safety Gear (10)
VG Tension Weight (5)
Search Our Site
Get our Newsletter
Site Map
© Copyright 2020 Atwell International Limited. All Rights Reserved.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By browsing our site you agree to our use of cookies.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.