https://audemars.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
Privacy and Data Use Policy
1. R. Audemars SA respects the privacy of every subject accessing to this website.
2. Any data transmitted to us (including your name, your address, your phone number and your e-mail address) will be used exclusively for the purpose of responding to your inquiries.
3. By access to this website information about your access (date, time, pages visited) may be saved on our server. These data will be used exclusively for statistical purposes. Analysis will be done in an anonymous form.
4. If you send us an e-mail, your e-mail address and your personal data shall only be used for the individual correspondence with you.
5. By accessing to this website certain data (usually called “cookies”) may be saved on your computer. These cookies do not contain any personal data. These data facilitate the use of this website. If you like you can prevent the storage of these data on your computer or delete it (please refer to your browser’s documentation).
6. All personal data will be saved only as long as needed for the mentionned purposes.
R. Audemars SA does not transmit any data to third parties unless you authorise us to or unless we would be obliged to do so by law. We take precautions to prevent abuse of personal data.
7. If you communicate with us by using e-mail (or the form on this website) the data transmission may not be encrypted. This applies also to our answer by email. In these cases the confidentiality is not guaranteed. As emails are passed over many computers, a third party access may be possible. Hence unencrypted emails are not suitable for transmitting confidential data and we discourage their use for such purposes. If you contact us by email, we assume you understand the risk of electronic communications and you authorise us although to communicate this way.
8. If you have any questions concerning our data treatment please contact our office.
Publisher
R. Audemars SA
Via Ponteggia 2
6814 Cadempino
Switzerland
Commercial Register: CH-514.3.001.296-4
IVA No. CHE-107.952.439
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.