http://australianpork.com.au/privacy-statement/
News
ASF update, APL Producer Forum 2020
APL ran its inaugural Producer Forum online on November 19.
The Forum included a range of speakers from APL and industry updating on
current plans and looking to the future.
The videos of presentations from the day will be available
in December. In …
Read More
Australasian Pig Science Association (APSA)
The Australasian Pig Science Association is pleased to announce that the 18th Biennial APSA Conference will be held from 15-18 November 2021.
For more information visit https://www.apsa.asn.au/ or contact apsa@yrd.com.au.
Read More
Foodbank serving up Aussie pork to those in need
AMID the social and economic disruptions
caused by COVID-19 in recent months, Australia’s pork industry has been working
with the country’s leading food relief organisation, Foodbank Australia, to
support Australians struggling to put food on the table.
In a collaboration involving the Federal
Government and …
Read More
Next on the Menu: Melissa Clark-Reynolds
Quotes from a movie, lines from a song, snippets of a
conversation you have with those around you… There’s something about a
soundbite that, if it captures you initially, stays with you forever or at the
least, a very long time.
We’ve been …
Read More
Privacy Statement
Australian Pork Limited (ABN 83 092 783 278)
Privacy & Commercial Notice
Download the APL Corporate Privacy Policy.
Updated March 2020
For further information on APL’s privacy practices or to gain access to personal information about you held by APL please contact:
Australian Pork Limited
General Manager Corporate Services
P: 02 6285 2200
Toll Free: 1800 789 099
F: 02 6285 2288
E: apl@australianpork.com.au
View our most recent Annual Report
Aussie
Pig Farmers
Become an
APL Member
About
Company Structure
Our People
Calendar of Events
Careers
Contact
Industry Focus
Types of Farming
Product Integrity
Environment
Trade, Labour and Training
Animal Welfare
Marketing
Research
Facts & Figures
Market Reporting
FAQs and Industry Overview
Library & Resources
Research Reports
Fact Sheets
Media archive
APL news and updates
Members
If you are an APL Member please login to the APL Member portal below.
Login
Australian Pork Limited
The producer owned organisation supporting and promoting the Australian pork industry. Australian Pork Limited (APL) is caring for the future of Australian pork.