http://autoflowproducts.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyYou are here: Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
General:
We respect the privacy of every individual who visits our site. This statement discloses information practices for Autoflow Products, Inc. web site, including the type of information gathered and tracked, how the information is used, and with whom the information is shared.
Definition:
“Autoflow web site” is defined as publicly accessible pages hosted under the domain www.autoflowproducts.com
Personal Data:
We will not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information about you, such as name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address (“personal data”) through our site unless you have provided it voluntarily. If you do not want your personal data collected, please do not submit it to us.
When you do provide us with personal data, we may use that information in the following ways, unless stated otherwise: we may process that information in order to fulfill an order or request you have placed with us or forward it to a third party for processing; we may store and process that information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our services; and/or we may provide other third parties with aggregate, but not individual, information about visitors to or users of our site. We will not sell, rent, or market personal data about you to third parties.
Business Relationships:
The Autoflow web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Autoflow is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those sites. This statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Additional Information Collected Automatically:
In some cases, we may automatically (i.e. not via registration) collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet Browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, the IP address of your computer, and the domain name of the web site from which you linked to our site. This information is used to ensure our site meets the needs of the majority of our users, as well as to diagnose problems with our server. This information also helps us produce statistics on how frequently our various pages are visited.
Information Placed Automatically on Your Computer/Cookies:
Cookies do not extract private or personal information from your computer. Cookies are not used for tracking anything other than your current session on our site or remembering you when you return, if you choose to be remembered.
Security:
We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and appropriate organizational measures to help us keep your personally identifiable information secure, accurate, current, and complete. When any of our forms ask you to submit personally identifiable information, that information is encrypted when it is sent from your browser to our server, using industry standard methods. This industry standard encryption is called Secure Socket Layer or SLL encryption. Your browser will notify you that it is using this SSL encryption by placing a lock symbol at the bottom of your screen. We back up any information that you submit to our web site by our service provider and within one business day. Once off our web site, we take additional precautions to protect your data in our access-restricted offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific task are granted access to personally identifiable information. All personally identifiable information is stored on secured, off-line (non-web accessible) computers.
If you have any concerns about the security of our web site, please contact us at pstevens@autoflowproducts.com
E-mail:
As part of our continuing service to you, we at times may send you e-mail communications. These communications are considered supplemental to any e-mails we may send you regarding any registrations or concerns about your account with Autoflow. You have the right to “opt-out” of these additional communication e-mails. Users who do not wish to continue to receive these types of communication e-mails should contact us via our contact page.
Notification of Changes: Autoflow reserves the right to alter this statement at any time by posting a new one at this location. This privacy statement was last updated on December 1, 2015.
Autoflow Products, Inc. 3860 Cincinnati Avenue
Rocklin, California 95765
Phone: (916) 626-3058
Fax: (916) 626-3068
email:
pstevens@autoflowproducts.com
mking@autoflowproducts.com
Autoflow Products, Inc.
Scroll to top