http://avsupport.partslogistics.com/privacy.php
Home
Dashboard
Message Board
Services
About Us
Help
Log In or Register
X
Username:
Password:
Lost Password?
Register for a  FREE RFQ Account
Your browser either doesn't support Style Sheets or they are turned off. Click to find out more.
Privacy Statement
AvSupport Inc.DBA PartsLogistics.com1801 23rd Ave. NorthSuite 119Fargo, ND 58102
Phone: +1-701-271-9111
Fax: +1-701-271-9199
Toll Free: 1-877-909-9111
PartsLogistics Privacy Policy
PartsLogistics uses the information that you provide and that is collected
solely for the purposes of verifying your account, corresponding with you,
resolving problems that you encounter, and improving the Service.
PartsLogistics does not disclose any non-public personal information
about you, except as required or permitted by law.
PartsLogistics uses secure technology and privacy protection controls
in order to safeguard your personal information.
PartsLogistics will notify you if we change our policies in the manner
described in this document.
What information does PartsLogistics collect from you?
Personal Information You Provide
During our registration process, you are required to provide us with personally
identifiable information, which includes:
first and last name
billing address
email address
phone and fax numbers
account password
account type (Buyer or Seller)
When you select a payment method, you are required to provide us with information for credit card authorization, which includes:
credit card information
billing address
Non-Personal Information
This refers to information that does not by itself identify a specific individual.
We gather information about you and your search criteria in several ways including:
search performance evaluation, system tuning, and problem tracking.
This information is compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis.
What does PartsLogistics do with the collected information?
The information that is collected by PartsLogistics supports the operation of the Service.
PartsLogistics does not sell information to direct marketers.
Personal Information You Provide
Your personal information is used for a number of purposes:
It is used to verify your registration name
PartsLogistics is not an anonymous service. Certain registration information
is provided to each recipient of every request for quote (RFQ) sent by you,
and includes:
first and last name
billing address
phone number and fax numbers
We use this information for billing and billing verification.
We use this information to contact you to resolve technical problems or issues with your account.
Your contact information is used to respond to your feedback about the
Service, to send you PartsLogistics information, to inquire about the
Service, and to inform you of new features or functions being added to the
Service.
We may also share your personally identifiable information with third parties
who provide services to us, our customers, or our web site visitors. Those
third parties include authorized contractors, temporary employees and consultants,
and other companies working with us (collectively, "agents"). Where
we believe it to be appropriate (in our sole discretion), we will instruct
our agents to refrain from disclosing or using your personal information for
purposes other than services to you or PartsLogistics.
Your credit card number and billing information will never be distributed
to our agents, except when necessary to charge your account for services provided.
This information is only used internally for billing and payment processing,
and safeguarded with your security and privacy as a priority.
Quality Assurance and Contact Information
The quality of our Service is important to us, as is ensuring your satisfaction.
If you contact PartsLogistics or our customer service representatives
by telephone, e-mail, or letter, we may keep a record of your correspondence or comments.
If you report a problem with our site to us, we may collect such information
in a file specific to you.
If you contact us through our feedback area or by calling one of our customer
service representatives, we may ask for your name, e-mail address and phone
number in order to send you a reply.
Request for Quote (RFQ) Information
PartsLogistics collects progress, delivery, and recipient response information
to provide you with the status of the RFQ that you have sent. We use this
information primarily for problem detection and resolution.
Activity on PartsLogistics Information
We compile and analyze information on frequency of member visits to areas
within PartsLogistics sites on a periodic basis. This information is used
in conjunction with member surveys and direct member feedback to improve the
Service and to add create features and functions that add value for our members.
Cookies
We use cookies in the operation of our site; specifically, we store session
information for cart functionality, determining your user level, and other
site functions. This information is stored by your browser, and is cleared
when your browser is closed.
What is PartsLogistics' "opt out" policy?
We like to keep our users informed about our company and Service through
periodic mailings, which include, but are not limited to, the following:
Newsletters to connect with our community of buyers and sellers.
Announcements of special offers or promotions.
Notification of updates and enhancements to or outages affecting the Service.
Occasional reminders to Sellers to update inventory listings, mailings
to certain types of users to confirm their contact information is up-to-date, etc.
If at any time you wish to be removed from these or other periodic mailings,
there are a number of ways for you to unsubscribe:
Visit our Unsubscribe page (http://www2.partslogistics.com/unsubscribe.php),
enter your address to be removed from our mailing list.
Call us at +1-701-271-9111 or Toll-Free at 1-877-909-9111
We honor the requests of users to be removed from our mailings. However,
due to technical difficulties, human error, or other circumstances, the possibility
exists that you may still accidentally receive email after you unsubscribe.
In this unlikely event, please contact our technical support team to resolve
the issue.
Who
controls and updates personal information stored by PartsLogistics?
You control your information. We believe you should have the ability
to access and edit the personal information that you have provided to us.
After authenticating to the system, you can review, change, or delete the
information that you have submitted. You may change any of your personal information
in your account online at any time. We encourage you to promptly update your
information if it changes.
What is PartsLogistics' policy on deleting or deactivating registered members
from the database?
You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however,
because we keep track of past purchases for reasons of accountability and
statistics-gathering, you cannot delete information associated with past purchases.
Also, as a security measure we backup the data stored on our systems; as a
result, you should not expect that all of your personally identifiable information
would be completely removed from our databases.
How
does PartsLogistics notify you of changes?
This privacy statement may require modification to reflect new or improved
site functionality, features, or under other circumstances. In such a case,
PartsLogistics will post those changes to this Privacy Statement and other
places we deem appropriate, so that our users are always aware of what information
we collect and how we use this information. Furthermore, information will
be used in accordance with the version of the Privacy Policy under which the
information was collected.
What
security precautions are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration
of your information?
In order to most efficiently serve you, established third party banking institutions
handle credit card transactions. They receive the information needed to verify
and authorize your credit card-or other payment information-to process your
order.
We also want you to understand the depth of the precautions that we take to
ensure your security. These precautions include the following methods.
Secure Internet Transactions
PartsLogistics uses industry-standard secure server software (Secure
Socket Layers) to protect your privacy. You are routed through the secure
server upon logging in with the correct user name and password.
There are several ways to make sure that you are browsing secure pages within
PartsLogistics. Both Internet Explorer and Netscape Navigator indicate
secure modes with the symbol of a closed padlock. Anytime this symbol appears,
in either of the lower corners of your screen, your information is protected.
You can also verify secure pages by checking the address, or URL, listed on
the location bar. If there is an "s" after the "http"
at the beginning of the address, you are browsing in a secure environment.
Personnel Security Precautions
Internally, we restrict access to personally identifiable information to
employees who need access to the information in order to do their jobs. All
employees working with this information are very limited in number and are
committed to our privacy and security policies.
Where
should I direct my privacy policy questions or concerns?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this
site, or your dealings with this site, please contact PartsLogistics by
sending a letter to:
Attn: Privacy Compliance Officer
1801 23rd Ave. North
Suite 119
Fargo, ND 58102
You may also Contact us Online.
Effective: 09-27-02
Contact Us
AvSupport, Inc.1801 23rd Ave NFargo, ND 58102 USAP: +1.701.271.9111F: +1.701.271.9199
Important Links
Contact Us
Locate Parts
Research Parts
List Inventory
Help Information
Frequently Asked Questions
Glossary
© 2020 AvSupport, Inc. All rights reserved.SitemapPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use