https://avtex.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to Main Content
Open navigation
Avtex Homepage
Working Together
Thoughts
Company
Contact
Alert:
See how Avtex is supporting clients during COVID-19.
This website is provided by Avtex Solutions, LLC (“Avtex”). We take the privacy of our website users and the security of their personal information very seriously.
For your convenience, Avtex.com contains links to a number of other websites. The privacy policies and procedures described here do not apply to those sites; we suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their data collection and distribution policies.
The purpose of this privacy policy is to set out the principles governing our use of personal information that we may obtain about you. By using the website, or by registering as a user of the services that we provide, you agree to this use. We ask you to read this privacy policy carefully. Any dispute that may arise over privacy will be subject to this policy, the data protection notice (if any) incorporated into this website and the provisions of law.
Personal Information Collection and Use
Avtex will only collect personally identifiable data, such as your name or email address, when it is voluntarily submitted to us at this website. Avtex and the companies we hire will use this information to comply with your request for information or as otherwise disclosed to you when submit your information.
From time to time, we may refer to that information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our services. We may use that information to contact you. We will not otherwise transfer the personally identifiable information you provide at this website to any third party unless otherwise disclosed to you.
Non-personal Information Collection and Use
In common with many commercial organizations, we monitor the use of the website by collecting aggregate information. We may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of internet browsers you use, the pages you visit or the website that directed you to our site. You cannot be identified from this information and it is used only to assist us in providing an effective service on this website.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small files that are sent to your web browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Their purpose is to help analyze web traffic. You may set your web browser to notify you of cookie placement requests or to decline cookies completely. You can delete the files that contain cookies; those files are stored as part of your internet browser.
Avtex uses third-party web beacons from Google to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website. Google may also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites in order to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Google click here.
Under 13 Years Old
This website is not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable data from or about any person under the age of 13. If you are under 13 years old and wish to ask a question or use this website in any way that requires you to submit your personal information, please get your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf.
Security of Your Personal Data
We have implemented technologies and policies with the objective of protecting your privacy from unauthorized access and improper use and will update these measures as appropriate as new technologies become available.
Under European data protection law you have a right to request access to personal data that are held about you on payment of a small fee. You also have the right to require any inaccuracies in your information to be corrected free of charge.
Who Is Responsible for Information Collected on This Site?
If you have any questions about AVTEX’s privacy policy, please email marketing@avtex.com which controls the personal data collected on this website.
Avtex IP and Application Privacy Policy
August 17th, 2018
This Privacy Policy outlines Avtex Solutions, LLC’s (“Avtex,” “we,” “our” or “us”) practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing customer data, including personal data, through our AppFoundry Marketplace applications, and what we do with that information. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, or how we respect the information we collect, contact us at contact@avtex.com.
What Personal Data does Avtex collect through our AppFoundry Marketplace applications?
In general, we process information that your organization already collects and provides to Genesys Telecommunications through the AppFoundry Marketplace.
While it varies by application, Avtex may collect personal data (such as name, address, telephone number, or email address, employer name, employer address or products and operating systems used) when it is voluntarily made available to us by you or your organization.
How may we use personal data collected through our AppFoundry Marketplace applications?
We will use this information to provide the services offered through our applications.
We will not sell or otherwise transfer the personal data we process to any third party unless (1) otherwise disclosed to you when you submit information; (2) in connection with the merger or sale of our company or assets; (3) to contractors who may help us to provide our services to you; or (4) for compliance with possible legal or governmental disclosure requirements. We do not rent, sell or otherwise share information that we collect through our AppFoundry Marketplace applications with outside parties.
We may provide links to third party sites strictly as a service to you. Personal data is not shared with these third parties, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party Internet sites.
We use information in aggregate form to evaluate how we are providing services, and to improve our applications.
What steps will we take before transferring your information to third parties?
We may use contractors to help us provide services through our AppFoundry Marketplace applications. We obtain assurances from these contractors that they will use information only to provide services to Avtex, and will safeguard personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How can an individual access or correct information held about them?
Upon request, we will provide an individual with reasonable access to the personal data that we hold about them except where the burden or expense of providing this access would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy in the case in question, or where the rights of other persons would be violated by such access.
We will take reasonable steps to enable you to correct, amend or delete personal data in our possession and control that is inaccurate or incomplete.
How will information be protected?
Avtex is committed to protecting the personal data entrusted to us. We have implemented appropriate physical, electronic and administrative procedures to safeguard and secure this information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration and destruction.
We will take special care to ensure the security of sensitive personal data (if we have such data). We will use personal data only if relevant to the purpose for which it was collected or as authorized by you.
What are our data retention policies?
We will keep information collected through the AppFoundry Marketplace applications only as long as we are providing services to you. We may, however, retain data for a longer period where such retention is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or to protect vital interests of an individual.
What information may be gathered from children?
The AppFoundry Marketplace applications are not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 13. Avtex does not collect personally identifiable data from any person it knows to be under the age of 13.
What are cookies and how are they used?
Our applications may use a technology called “cookies.” A cookie is a token that a server gives to your browser when you access an Internet website. Cookies are capable of storing many types of data. Cookies help provide additional functionality to the websites or to help us analyze site usage more accurately. If we use cookies that are not necessary to provide our services we will do so only with your explicit permission.
California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to contact@avtex.com
Some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to a website. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. Because there currently is no industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals, we currently do not take action in response to these signals.
How will we ensure compliance with this policy?
We will conduct compliance audits of our privacy practices to verify compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Any questions or concerns regarding our use or disclosure of personal data should be addressed to the address given below.
We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding the use and disclosure of personal data in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy.
Please contact contact@avtex.com with any questions or concerns.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy at any time, with or without advance notice. Any changes we make to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat the personal data that falls within the scope of our Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email to the email address specified in your account.
Main Menu
Working Together
What We Do
Our Approach
Problems We Solve
Industries
Case Studies
Thoughts
Company
Who We Are
News
Careers
Contact
Blog Articles
Avtex is Opening a Global Delivery Center
Nov 12, 2020
by
George Demou
Avtex is Opening a Global Delivery Center
We use cookies to deliver the best possible online experience. To learn more, visit our Privacy Policy.By continuing to use this site, or closing this box, you consent to our use of cookies.