https://aw-lake.com/return-policy/
AW-Lake Company Return Policy on Flow Measurement Instrumentations
Non-Warranty/Stock Returns will be permitted only at the discretion of AW-Lake Company and may be subject to a re-stocking fee:
15% restocking fee of entire order if customer is issuing a replacement order
30% restocking fee of entire order if customer is not issuing a replacement order
AW-Lake Company will not accept annual stock returns.
RA Form
Request QuoteContact supportNews & Updates
Oak Creek, Wisconsin – August 25, 2020 – AW-Lake introduces a new series of Clamp-On Ultrasonic Flow Meters that fasten…
As automotive plants switch from solvent- to water-based paints to reduce VOCs in meeting environmental compliance, standard high-precision gear meters…
Vögtlin Instruments, a member company of the TASI Group’s Flow Division,  specializing in gas flow technology, is supplying SSN Machinery…
Recent Flowmeter Catalogs
Copyright 2020 AW-Lake | All Rights Reserved | Return Policy
| Privacy Policy
| Terms of Use
| Terms of Sale
Close this module
Need fast answers to your flow measurement questions?Check out our new Chat Interface that includes VIDEO Chat as an option. You can also choose text chat, audio chat, or screen sharing.
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. By using the site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Read our Privacy Notice to learn more. Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.