https://awac.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 2020
This Privacy Policy is designed to assist you with understanding how Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, Ltd and its subsidiaries (collectively, “Allied World”, “we”, “us” or “our”) collect, use and disclose the personal information you provide us when accessing or using the Allied World Website, www.awac.com. By accessing or using our Website, or by submitting information on or through our Website, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and to our processing and use of your personal or other information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any revisions to this Privacy Policy will be posted on the home page of our Website. It is your obligation to periodically visit our Website to review any changes that may be made to this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Allied World Website constitutes your agreement to be bound by any such changes to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you are not authorized to use our Website and your sole recourse is to not use our Website.
What Information Do We Collect?
When you visit Allied World’s Website, you may provide us with, and we may collect, two types of information: personal information that you voluntarily disclose that is collected on an individual basis; and Website use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Website.
Visitors are not required to register to access the public pages of our Website. If you register for a private portal on our Website, additional information regarding your use of such private portal will also be collected, which will include basic information associated with your private portal user ID and password; your geographic location; if, when and how you access such private portal and/or its materials; and the types of materials that you access. This additional information will be associated with you personally through your user ID and may also be collected on an aggregate basis with other private portal users.
What is Personal Information?
Personal information is collected only when voluntarily offered and solely for purposes that are clearly identified on our Website. Personal information means any information that is unique to you or could identify you, such as:
Name
Mailing address
E-mail address
Home and business phone number
Other personal information
In addition to providing the foregoing information, if you choose to correspond further with us through e-mail, we may retain the content of your e-mail messages together with your e-mail address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
Use of Personal Information
Allied World will only use personal information for purposes of: (i) fulfilling our legal or regulatory requirements; (ii) providing you with the information or services that you have requested; (iii) to help improve our Website, products or services; or (iv) any other purpose identified on our Website in accordance with applicable laws. The legal basis for our use of your personal information for these purposes is (a) for our or a third party’s legitimate interests (such as to manage our Website, products and services or to communicate with you); (b) to comply with any legal obligation; or (c) your consent where required by law.
Allied World will only allow access to your personal information collected on or through our Website to those with a need to know and for the purposes and legal bases above. Allied World will never sell or distribute your personal information outside our group of companies unless: (i) you expressly provide us with consent to do so; (ii) it is necessary to allow the Allied World group companies, attorneys, adjusters, contractors, vendors or agents to provide services to us; (iii) in order to provide our products or services to you; (iv) it is necessary in order to allow third parties to provide marketing services on our behalf; or (v) we are required to disclose such information because of legal or regulatory requirements.
Because Allied World is a global company, we may transfer your personal information outside of the country where you reside (including to countries that do not have equivalent data protection laws) in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If you would like further details about how your personal information would be protected if transferred outside of the country where you reside, please contact Allied World as indicated below.
We retain any personal information collected by us on or through our Website for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected or for so long as permitted by law.
Website Use Information & Cookies
Similar to other commercial Websites, our Website utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” and Web server logs to collect information about how our Website is used. Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Website and the Websites visited just before and just after our Website. This information is collected on an anonymous, aggregate basis and none of this information is associated with you personally, except with respect to any private portal usage that is associated with you personally through your user ID.
Cookies are a feature of Web browser software that allows Web servers to recognize the computer used to access a Website. They are small pieces of data that are stored on the user’s hard drive. Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one Web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that Website or use the information to streamline the user’s transactions on related Web pages. This makes it easier for a user to move from Web page to Web page. Cookies should make your online experience easier and more personalized.
This information also helps us to design and arrange our Web pages in a user-friendly manner and to continually improve our Website to better meet the needs of our clients and prospective clients. Web server logs allow us to count how many people visit our Website and evaluate our Website’s visitor capacity.
Allied World uses Google Analytics cookies and a session cookie as the sources for its Website usage data. For further information on how Google Analytics collects and uses data, see www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. The session cookie only stores a temporary random value session ID number. You may opt-out of receiving cookies or delete any prior cookies by changing your specific internet browser settings. Otherwise, you agree to cookies being used by continuing to use our Website.
Protection of Personal Information
Although we take appropriate measures to protect the security of the information communicated through our Website, no computer security system is entirely foolproof and the Internet is not a secure medium. As a result, Allied World does not assume any responsibility for the data you submit to us through the Internet and we cannot and do not guarantee that information communicated by you to us will be received or that it will not be altered before or after its transmission to us. You agree to not hold Allied World liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as a result of any misappropriation, interception, modification, deletion, destruction or use of information provided through our Website.
Hyperlinks and Third-Party Sites
This Website may contain links to other third party websites that may collect personal information about you, including through cookies or other technologies. If you follow a link from this Website to another website, you will leave this Website and this Privacy Policy will not apply to your use of and activity on those other websites.
Your Rights
In accordance with applicable law relevant to your location, you may have certain rights over your personal information, including, under certain circumstances, a right to access the personal information we hold about you, to seek rectification or erasure of such personal information, to restrict or object to our processing of such personal information, to withdraw consent from our processing of your personal information or to lodge a complaint with an applicable supervisory authority. If you wish to exercise any applicable rights, or have any other inquiries or complaints in relation to data collected on or through our Website or this Privacy Policy, please refer to the “Contacting Us” section below. We aim to respond to requests, or provide a reason for delay or decline where legally permitted, within one month of receipt. Unless unreasonable, unduly burdensome or otherwise legally allowed, requests will generally be handled free of charge.
For any other required local privacy policy statements, please go to https://alliedworldinsurance.com/and select the relevant jurisdiction under “Locations” in the header to go to the relevant jurisdiction’s webpage and see any required local privacy policy statement that may be applicable to you.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at dataprotection@awac.com.