https://axisarchitecture.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Toggle navigation
Home
About Us
Our Accreditations
Directors
Our Clients
Testimonials
Policies
Links
Careers
Our Service
Specialist Architectural Services
Examples of Our Work
Conservation
BIM (Building Information Modelling)
Architectural Services
Our Projects
News
Contact Us
Axis Architecture since 1994
Home | Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Axis Architecture Ltd is committed to protecting your personal information when you are using our services, including this website. Whenever you provide such information, we are legally obliged to use your information in line with all laws concerning the protection of personal information, including, in particular, the Data Protection Act 1998. Please read this policy to understand how your personal information will be treated.
What information is collected and why
Axis Architecture Ltd collects information about all visitors to its website. This information is used to help Axis Architecture Ltd understand more about where its site traffic comes from, but does not contain any identifiable personal information about the visitor. The information that is collected tells us which pages are visited, for how long each page is viewed, the paths that a visitor takes within the website, as well as other general information, such as your screen settings. We analyse this information in order to assist in maintaining and improving this website, and the administration, management and marketing of its own business.
How we collect your information
We collect information which you voluntarily provide to us and we also use “cookies” to collect certain information when you use the website.
Cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes a unique identifier, which is sent to your computer browser from a website’s computer and is stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies allow our website to recognise your computer or access device each time it is used to visit our website and to keep count of how often you return to the website.  If you do not know what cookies are, or how to control or delete them, then we recommend you visit http://www.aboutcookies.org for detailed guidance.
Currently we operate an ‘implied consent’ policy which means that we assume you are happy with this usage. If you are not happy, then you should either not use this site, or you should delete Axis Architecture Ltd cookies having visited the site, or you should browse Axis Architecture Ltd website using your browser’s anonymous usage setting.
We use two types of “cookies” to collect information. The first type of cookie is called a “session” cookie, which is temporary and is deleted automatically once you leave the Axis Architecture Ltd’s website.
We use a session cookie to remember your log-in for you (if applicable). These we deem strictly necessary to the working of the website. If these are disabled then various functionality on the site will be broken. More information on session cookies and what they are used for at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies/session-cookies-used-for.html
The second is called a “persistent” cookie, which remains on your computer hard drive until you delete it. Axis Architecture Ltd does not use cookies to gather information concerning your visits to other sites, nor to ascertain any personally identifiable information about you, apart from what you provide voluntarily during your dealings with Axis Architecture Ltd .
Google Analytics – persistent cookies for site analytics and performance – we use this to understand how the site is being used in order to improve the user experience. User data is all anonymous. You can find out more about Google’s position on privacy as regards its analytics service at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
Social buttons
On many of the pages of the site you will see ‘social buttons’. These enable users to share or bookmark the web pages. There are buttons for: Twitter, Google +1, Facebook ‘Like’, and LinkedIn . In order to implement these buttons, and connect them to the relevant social networks and external sites, there are scripts from domains outside of Axis Architecture Ltd. You should be aware that these sites are likely to be collecting information about what you are doing all around the internet, including when you are on Axis Architecture Ltd website. So if you click on any of these buttons, these sites will be registering that action and may use that information. You should check the respective policies of each of these sites to see how exactly they use your information and to find out how to opt out, or delete, such information.
External web services
We use a number of external web services to display content within our web pages, including Flickr, SlideShare and YouTube. This is not an exhaustive or complete list of the services we use, or might use in the future, when embedding content, but these are the most common. As with the social buttons we cannot prevent these sites, or external domains, from collecting information on your usage of this embedded content. If you are not logged in to these external services then they will not know who you are but are likely to gather anonymous usage information e.g. number of views, plays, loads etc.
In addition to the above, Axis Architecture Ltd website contains hyperlinks to websites which are owned and operated by third parties. These websites will have their own privacy policies and may also use cookies. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of any third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk.
Email tracking
Some emails that we send you have no tracking in at all, some emails we can track, at an individual level, to see whether the user has opened and clicked on the email.
Security
Whilst your information is held on our system, we will ensure that it is held securely and we take all appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorised access to or unauthorised alteration, disclosure or destruction of the information. We regularly review our information collection, storage and processing practices and our security measures to guard against unauthorised access.
Transfer of your information
We will not transfer any information collected from you to any third party without expressly seeking your consent before doing so, except in cases where we are required to disclose the information in order to comply with the law or any court order.
Your rights of access
You are entitled by law to request a copy of your personal information that Axis Architecture Ltd holds and to correct any errors. You are also entitled to request that your information is deleted from our records. If any such request is made, we will use our reasonable efforts to supply, amend or delete the personal information as requested.
Any request, or any other question you may have about our privacy policy or the information held about you by Axis Architecture Ltd should be made to the Data Protection Officer at the following address:
Axis Architecture Ltd.
The Old Post Office
Station Road
Wickham
Fareham
Hampshire
PO17 5JA
Please note that we charge a £10 fee for any information requests and we will require you to prove your identity with at least 2 pieces of identification.
Changes to this Privacy and Cookie Policy
We may change or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so we recommend that you check it regularly. The date of the most recent revision will always be shown below. If for any reason you do not agree to these changed terms, please do not continue to use our website. If any material changes are made to this Privacy Policy we will include a prominent statement to that effect.
Governing Law
Axis Architecture Ltd website here website is governed by the laws of England and Wales and any dispute in respect thereof shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Contact Us
The Old Post Office,
Station Road,
Wickham, Fareham
Hampshire
PO17 5JA
Tel: 01329 832 405
Email:
office@axismail.co.uk
Accreditations
Connect with Us
Legal
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Conditions of Use
© Copyright 2020 Axis Architecture Limited | Maintained By Fareham Website Design
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks