https://azaleacityrecordings.com/privacy/
Home
Artists
Releases
Events
Gallery
Contact
HomeArtistsReleasesEventsGalleryContact
Privacy - Azalea City Recordings
BY VISITING AZALEACITYRECORDINGS.COM, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
Thank you for using our Website. This statement discloses the privacy policy for azaleacityrecordings.com (the “Website”). Questions for clarification of this statement or comments may be addressed via email to: moreinfo@azaleacityrecordings.com.
We adopted this Privacy Policy to further the relationship between our customers and us. This statement of our Privacy Policy makes disclosures concerning our collection of information, including personal information, when you use the Website, and how we use and disclose it to others. By using the Website you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect
We collect personal and non-personal information when you provide it to us in the course of using our Website. The personal information that we may collect includes your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, credit card number, and financial information. The non-personal information that we may collect includes your browser type, the URL of the previous website you visited, your ISP, operating system, and your Internet protocol (IP) Address. The non-personal information is not used by us to personally identify you and is not readily usable for that purpose.
When you subscribe to our service or otherwise make a purchase through our Website we may collect your name, mailing address, telephone number, credit card number, email address, and other information that we request during the registration process.
In addition, if you communicate with us regarding the Website or any of our services or products we collect any information that you provide to us during the course of our communication.
We may use analytic and reporting technologies to record non-personal information such as Internet domain and host names, Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser software, operating system types, click patterns, and the dates and times that the Website and our services are accessed by you. We may contract with a third party to help us manage, monitor and optimize our Website and measure the effectiveness of our advertising, communications and use of the Website. We may use cookies (described below) for this purpose.
Our Use of Information for Internal Purposes
We use your personal information primarily for our own internal purposes, such as providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving our Website and the products and services we offer and sell, to collect credit card payments for subscription fees and other purchases you make, and to provide customer support.
We use the non-personal information we collect to track the use of the Website and to assist us in providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving our Website and the services and products we offer and sell.
Our Disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties
We will disclose your personal information to protect or enforce our legal rights and policies, to protect or enforce the legal rights of a third party, or as we in good faith believe we are required to do so by law (such as to comply with a subpoena or court order, for example).
We may contract with various third parties who help us provide, maintain and improve the Website and the services we provide and the services and products we offer and sell and such third parties may have access to your personal information in order to perform their services. For example, we use a third party to process payments made to us, and may subcontract out production, fulfillment, analytics, reporting or other operations. We may contract with third party contractors to help us manage, monitor and optimize our Website and the services and products we offer and sell. We may also use third party contractors to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising, and communications. We will enter into confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with all third parties that have access to your personal information which will prohibit them from using or disclosing your personal information except for the purpose of providing services to use. We intend to take commercially reasonable steps to enforce such non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements if and when we become aware of any violations.
Our Disclosure of Non-Personal Information to Third Parties
We may disclose non-personal Information, in aggregate form, to potential strategic partners, advertisers, investors, customers, and others. You may not opt-out of the sharing of this information.
Our Use of Cookies
A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. Most websites use cookies. We will use cookies to track your use of the Website and the services and products we offer and sell, provide you with a more personalized user experience, and to facilitate your logging in to the Website. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies using your web browser settings. If you choose to disable cookies, some areas of the Website may not work properly or at all.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
We consider protecting the security of your personal information as extremely important. When you enter sensitive information such as a credit card number on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (sometimes referred to as “SSL”).
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we do not guarantee absolute security. We are not responsible for the unauthorized acts of others and we assume no liability for any disclosure of information due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third party access (such as through hacking) or other acts of third parties, or acts or omissions beyond our reasonable control.
Application of Privacy Policy You Access Third Party Websites
You will be able to access third party websites directly from the Website. This Privacy Policy does not apply when you access third party websites. We cannot control how third parties may use personal information you disclose to them, so you should carefully review the privacy policy of any third party website you visit before using it or disclosing your personal information to its provider.
Children’s Privacy
To access or use our Website, you must be 18 years old or older and have the requisite power and authority to enter into this Privacy Policy. Children under the age of 18 are prohibited from using the Site. Accordingly, we will not knowingly collect or use any personal information from children that we know to be under the age of 18. In addition, we will delete any information in our database that we know originates from a child under the age of 18.
Opting-Out From Receiving Communications
You may opt-out from having your personal information used for certain purposes. For example, if you purchase a product or service but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you may opt-out by following the instructions included in each email communication.
Changes in Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Site and this Privacy Policy periodically and to be aware of any modifications. We will notify you of any changes to this Privacy Policy by posting those changes on this page.
Affiliate Disclaimer
I may be an affiliate for products that I recommend. If you purchase those items through my links I will earn a commission. You will not pay more when buying a product through my link.
Updated: January 2017
Copyright © 2016-2020 Azalea City Recordings
All Rights Reserved
PO BOX 5441
Takoma Park, MD 20913
moreinfo@azaleacityrecordings.com
Azalea City Recordings is a Cooperative Record Label in Takoma Park, MD
Home
Artists
Releases
Gallery
Events
Contact
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Replay Theme © 2020