http://back-on-track.co.uk/blog/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Consultancy
Construction
Pumptracks
Projects
About
Blog
Contact
Privacy Policy
Purpose of this notice
This notice describes how we collect and use personal data about you, in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the Data Protection Act [1998 OR 2018] and any other national implementing laws, regulations and secondary legislation, as amended or updated from time to time, in the UK (‘Data Protection Legislation’).
Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
About us
Back On Track Mountain Bike Solutions Limited (“company”, “we”, ”us”, “our” and “ours”) is a mountain bike facilities development company.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Legislation and this notice, we are the ‘data controller’. This means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal data about you. We are required under the Data Protection Legislation to notify you of the information contained in this privacy notice.
For all enquiries in relation to this privacy notice or our treatment of your personal data please contact our Data Protection Manager on info@back-on-track.co.uk or 01495 785428.
The personal data we may collect about you and why
We obtain personal data about you, for example, when:
you request a proposal from us in respect of the services we provide
you or your employer or our clients enters into a contract with us to provide our services and also during the provision of those services
you subscribe to our service or publications such as our newsletter
you request marketing material to be sent to you
you contact us by email, telephone, post or social media (for example when you have a query about our services)
from third parties and/or publicly available resources (for example Companies House); or
you visit our websites or use our services (this is done using cookies, to find out more about the types of cookies we use, why, and how you can control them, take a look at our cookie section which can be found at the end of this notice.
The reasons why we hold the above information about you may include the following:
your personal details for example your name, address, telephone numbers and email addresses
details of contact we have had with you in relation to the provision, or the proposed provision, of our services
details of any services you have received from us
our correspondence and communications with you
information about any complaints and enquiries you make to us
information from research, surveys, and marketing activities
information about how you use our website, products and services.
How we use your personal data
To provide you with the services you have requested
We use your personal data to accept you as a new or returning customer to provide you with the services you have requested in accordance with the terms of our contract.
To send you service communications
We use the contact details you have provided to us so that we can communicate with you about the services that we provide necessary for the performance of our contract.
Direct marketing (including by third parties)
If you have provided your consent or we otherwise have the right to do so, we may use your contact details to send you direct marketing and keep you informed of promotional offers by email, SMS, post or telephone relating to our products and services.
You can unsubscribe from our direct marketing by contacting us on info@back-on-track.co.uk or 01495 785428.
To track your usage of our website, communications and services
We use cookies and similar technologies to track your activity on our Site so that we can provide important features and functionality on our Site, monitor its usage, and provide you with a more personalised experienced.
To provide and improve customer support
We use your personal data to be able to provide and improve the customer support we provide to you (for example, where you have questions about our services).
To maintain our records and improve data accuracy
Like any business, we process personal data in the course of maintaining and administering our internal records. This includes processing your personal data to ensure that the information we hold about you is kept up to date and accurate.
To respond to enquiries, complaints and disputes
We use the personal data we hold about you to help us respond to any enquiries or complaints you have made, or deal with any dispute which may arise in the course of us providing our services to you, in the most effective manner.
To investigate, detect and prevent fraud and comply with our legal obligations
In certain circumstances, we use your personal data only to the extent required in order to enable us to comply with our legal obligations, including for fraud detection, investigation and prevention purposes. This may require us to provide your personal data to law enforcement agencies if they request it.
Who we share your personal data with
We may provide your personal data to our suppliers and service providers, including other companies, who provide certain business services for us and act as “processors” of your personal data on our behalf. In addition, we may disclose your personal data if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to protect the rights, property, or safety, of our business, our customers or others. This includes, in specific cases, exchanging information with other organisations for the purposes of fraud protection.
In some cases, the personal data we collect from you may, for the purposes set out above, be transferred outside the European Economic Area (EEA) and such destinations may not have laws which protect your personal data to the same extent as in the EEA. We are required by data protection law to ensure that where we or our “processors” transfer your personal data outside of the EEA, it is treated securely and is protected against unauthorised access, loss or destruction, unlawful processing and any processing which is inconsistent with the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
Data Security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
How long do we retain your personal data
We retain your personal data for no longer than is necessary for the purposes(s) for which it was provided, for example, contractual, legal and/or accountancy. What this means in practice retention rates will vary between different types of data. When determining the relevant retention periods, we take into account factors including:
legal obligation(s) under applicable law to retain data for a certain period of time;
statute of limitations under applicable law;
potential or actual disputes; and
guidelines issued by relevant data protection authorities.
Otherwise, we securely erase your personal data from our systems when it is no longer needed.
Your rights in relation to your personal data
Under GDPR, you have the following rights in respect of your personal data:
access to the personal information we hold on you and to check that the processing of this data is lawful
the correction of your data if it is inaccurate or incomplete
the deletion of your personal data also known as the right to be forgotten where there is no legitimate reason for us to retain it
withdrawal of consent to process your personal data further
data portability or the right to transfer the personal data we hold on you, in certain circumstances, to another data controller or a third party based specifically on consent
the restriction of processing and objection to the use of your personal data where the reason for processing has been our legitimate business interests or for direct marketing purposes
lodging a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office
If you want to exercise any of your rights listed above, you should email our Data Protection Manager using the following address info@back-on-track.co.uk
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
The ICO’s contact details are as follows:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Telephone – 0303 1231113
Website – www.ico.org.uk
How to contact us
Email info@back-on-track.co.uk
Telephone 01495 785428
Use of cookies
What are Cookies?
We collect information about your use of our Site through cookies. Cookies are information that files stored on your computer, tablet or smartphone that help websites remember who you are and information about your visit. Cookies can help to display the information on our Site in a way that matches your interests. Most major websites use cookies.
What cookies are used on this Site?
The cookies we use on our site are principally for the purposes of analytics – We use analytics cookies to helps us understand how users engage with our Site. An example is counting the number of different people coming to our Site or using a particular feature, rather than the total number of times the site or feature is used.
Without this cookie, if you visited our Site once each week for three weeks we would count you as three separate users. We would find it difficult to analyse how well our Site was performing and improve it without these cookies.
How can I reject or opt out of receiving cookies?
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting, you may be unable to access certain parts of our Site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you use our Site. The “Help” menu of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. For more information about cookies and how to stop cookies being installed or how to delete existing cookies from your hard drive visit the following website: http://www.allaboutcookies.org
© All rights reserved. May, 2018.
Photography by Andy Lloyd | Privacy Policy
Back On Track © 2018