https://bagwell.com/privacy-policy-bagwell-marketing/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy Bagwell MarketingOur privacy policy statement for:This page applies to Bagwell Marketing and all companies and websites owned by Bagwell Marketing including bagwell.com, bagwellinternet.com, localmailmax.com, marketingresouceblog.com, oklahoma-advertising.com, texas-advertising.com bagwellpromotions,.com, easterpromotions.com, radiostationpromotions.com, and churchmax.comNOTICE: This is not the site to be removed from Red Plum, Retail Me Not or the Shared Mail Program. Go to https://www.retailmenot.com/everyday/unsubscribe   for that removal.Contact Information Our telephone number is 972-480-8192; Toll-Free at 1-866-281-8830. Our fax number is 214-292-9434.You may  Contact us by e-mailInformation we may collect concerning you or your company.If you contact us by e-mail, web-cart, mail, telephone, fax, or through a networking opportunity, the information you provide may be entered into a database we maintain. If you do not wish to be contacted in the future by e-mail, postal mail, or telephone, you may contact us by any of the methods shown on this Web page, and you will be immediately removed.The information we keep on our customers and clients is not sold or shared outside the companies listed at the top of this page (except as may be required by a court of law).If you provide us information on you or your company, we may contact you from time-to-time by e-mail, telephone or fax. If at any time you do not wish to receive communication from us, you may contact us and request to be deleted from any or all of our contact channels (see contact information above).We use an "opt-in" requirement for subscription to our newsletters. You may "opt-out" at any time to our newsletters or any other e-mail list by replying to the e-mail with the words "remove" in the subject line. Your name will be removed within 24 hours. You can also use the e-mail opt-out form at the very bottom of this page.Your Credit Card informationFor your convenience and security, we offer a secure server through our web-cart for providing us credit card information. We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site. You should never send your credit card information inside an e-mail to us -- use only the secure server.Once your credit card information is received, your credit card information is processed through another secure server.We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.We maintain some customers' credit card information on file to speed the process of reorders. If you do not want your information maintained by us, please mark your order DO NOT MAINTAIN CREDIT CARD INFORMATION, and your information will be removed from our system upon completion of the credit card transaction. Affiliate Sites, Links, and BannersWe maintain affiliate relationships with some suppliers and vendors. Links to their websites are included within copy or banners.From time-to-time, Bagwell Marketing may be compensated with a commission or other recognition when you purchase an item on that site.Also, we also provide links on our resource pages and at other locations within our websites to other companies. These affiliate sites are not covered by this privacy policy. You should review each company's policy before providing your personal information. If you are in doubt as to if you are on a Bagwell Marketing site, please review the URL in your browser. Only the domains listed at the top of this page (or otherwise identified) are included in this privacy statement.Our Web-cart for ordering promotional products and for credit card information is www.promoplace.com. When you enter this site through a link from any of the sites listed above, you are covered by this policy. Note: www.promoplace.com is a third-party provider.Information we collect about you while visiting our websitesWe use "cookies" and other devices to track such information as which pages are viewed by our customers and prospects, how long someone views a page, and which search engines were used to find our websites. An IP address is also collected. No personal or identifying information is held in these cookies.The information we collect is used for internal review to help us improve the content of our websites.You can accept or decline these cookies by modifying the settings in your browser (see the help section of your browser for information on how to disable cookies).Changes to this PolicyOur policies are subject to change. Should we make any changes, we will post the changes here and provide you with the ability to "opt-out" of any new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically.Removal Instructions If you would like to be removed from our e-mail list, or our postal mailing list, go to our removal page Marketing Help Find blog post on Marketing issues and helpful hints plus a Calendar of Promotional Events by Month at Marketing Resource Blog. Remember The Days Of Cheap Postage They're still here, with shared mail.
Now, you can get your mail into every household in your community for as little as 10 cents each, including postage, printing, and distribution. It' called Marriage Mail. Find Details Here. Target Audience Marketing Pinpoints Your Customers and Prospects Now, you can cut your wasted advertising budget to virtually zero. Bagwell Marketing offers a program that finds your best customers and serves ads directly to them – while not sending ads to people who have no interest or desire for your product or service. Find Out More.Promotional Items Face Masks, Hand Sanitizers, Coffee Cups, Key Chains, and more. Find thousands of items that can be imprinted with your company name, logo, or message. More information here.
Get a Free Report on the SEO for your Website here.AdvertisingWe handle both business-to-business and business-to-consumer advertising across a wide range of fields with an emphasis on multi-location businesses. From broadcast advertising to print or digital we offer a complete range of services.  Find out more.Public RelationsTwenty years ago, Public Relations was all about getting a news release out to the local newspaper, distributing an employee newsletter internally, or sending a newsletter. Today it's much more. Discover the possibilities of PR.  Find out more here.MarketingWhen we talk about our role as "your marketing partner®," we mean that you have a one-stop resource for virtually everything that relates to advertising, public relations, and marketing. Get a  coordinated effort for your business here.Promotional ProductsWe have thousands of items that you can put your name, logo or message on to promote your brand. From items to help to keep you and your employees safe during the COVID-19 Crisis to traditonal items such as key chains and coffee cups. Find more here.Questions about getting started? Contact Us for a custom quote on your marketing.Bagwell Marketing is a full-service Advertising, Marketing and Public Relations Agency serving the entire United States: Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington,West Virginia, Wisconsin, Wyoming and Washington, D.C.
Get In Touch
Scroll To Top