https://baileyfisher.com/privacy-policy/
x
Privacy policy
Search Applicant Privacy Notice
Bailey Fisher Executive Search is registered in England. Company No: 03568521. Registered address: St John’s Innovation Centre, Cowley Road, Cambridge, CB4 0WS.
This notice reflects the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which will come into effect in the UK on 25 May 2018. Please ensure that you read it carefully so that you understand how we will use your personal data.
Bailey Fisher Executive Search (‘Company’) is committed to being transparent about how it collects and uses that data and to meeting its data protection obligations. We keep this Privacy Notice under regular review and update it as appropriate.
Who this policy applies to
We are retained by leading and high growth organisations to identify and place senior executive talent. As part of any executive search process, the Company is a ‘data controller’ and collects and processes personal data relating to the prospective candidates, the Company’s clients and employees, sources or referees in respect of a candidate or employee of one of our clients.
Additionally, this policy will apply to you if you attend one of our events, have shown an interest in our events programme or have been introduced to the Bailey Fisher events programme through a related third party.
For the purposes of this policy:
Candidate(s) means an individual who is or has been a candidate, or a potential candidate
Client(s) means any business, firm, organisation or individual that instructs us to undertake a search assignment
Referee is a person who provides a personal or work reference in respect of a candidate
Source is a person who provides us with information or intelligence about a market sector or a candidate
Related third party is an organisation that sponsors the events programme or an individual who has attended an event or would like to attend or receives marketing literature
What information does the Company collect?
The Company collects a basic range of information about you if you are a source or referee or related third party. This includes:
Your name, address and contact details, including email address, mobile and home phone numbers;
In addition to the above, we may collect the below details if you are a Candidate:
Details of your qualifications, skills, experience and employment history;
Information about your current level of remuneration, including benefit entitlements;
Whether or not you have a disability for which the Company needs to make reasonable adjustments during the recruitment process;
Information about your entitlement to work in the UK;
On occasion the Company is instructed to take references on receipt of an offer. No references from third parties will be taken without your consent.
How we use this data
Sources and Referees: we will use source and referee data to perform our services, to enable us to obtain your opinions on a candidate. Should you be interested, we may invite you to attend our events programme
Clients: we will use client data to perform our services instructed by you and any other legitimate business purposes such as invites to relevant events and marketing
Candidates:
Processing job applications, in partnership with our clients, on whose behalf we have been instructed to identify a successful applicant for a role
For marketing purposes; to send you information on our services, events, newsletters and any other relevant market information. Please note that you may opt out from receiving these marketing updates at any time by writing to us at info@baileyfisher.com
Where do we collect personal data about you from?
The following are the different sources we may collect personal data about you from;
Directly from you. This is information you provide while searching for a new opportunity;
By word of mouth; you may have been recommended by a trusted source to Bailey Fisher Executive Search, a friend, a former colleague, or even a present employer
Through publicly available sources. We use the following public sources:
LinkedIn
Twitter
Company websites
Professional networks
Attendance at a Bailey Fisher peer-to-peer event or interest shown by you in an event; you will have been or still are an active contact in our network, or you have approached Bailey Fisher directly to attend an event or been introduced through a third party
The Company will also collect personal data about you from third parties, such as references supplied by former employers. The Company will seek information from third parties only once an offer to you has been made and the Company will inform you that it is doing so.
Where information may be held
Information may be held at our offices, third party agents, service providers and agents.
Why does the Company process personal data?
Our clients expect that we identify the best individual for their role. To ensure that we meet their expectations we need to research systems and talk to many individuals. Besides our clients, these will include referees and sources to help inform our decision-making process.
The Company has a legitimate interest in processing personal data during the search process and for keeping records of the process. Processing data from search applicants allows the Company to manage the process, assess and confirm a candidate’s suitability for employment and decide to whom to offer a job. The Company may also need to process data from job applicants to respond to and defend against legal claims.
The Company may continue to contact you about potential roles, our services, and professional information which we believe are relevant to you and would be of interest to you. We do this to ensure we can continue to meet your needs in finding new career opportunities and that we can continue to fulfil the requirements of our clients.
The Company may from time to time invite you to our peer to peer events programme; either roundtable discussions with leading experts, panel discussions, drinks reception at the House of Lords, and leading venues across the UK. You have the right to unsubscribe from these events at any time.
Who has access to data?
The Company will share your data with their clients for a specific role but not with third parties, unless your application for employment is successful and it makes you an offer of employment. The Company will then share your data with former employers to obtain references for you. We may be required to disclose data under certain exempt requests made by central government departments, and other bodies entitled to in law.
The Company will not transfer your data outside the European Economic Area.
How does the Company protect data?
The Company takes the security of your data seriously. It has internal policies and controls in place to ensure that your data is not lost, accidentally destroyed, misused or disclosed, and is not accessed except by our employees in the proper performance of their duties.
Employee data is stored and processed on the Company computer network.  These computer systems are physically located in the Company’s premises.  Backups of the data are encrypted and stored offsite using cloud storage based in the UK.
For how long does the Company keep data?
We only retain your information for as long as necessary for us to fulfil requirements outlined above, or to comply with our legal obligations.
Bailey Fisher has set a six-year time frame, from the date of initial contact, for processing and holding data as per the AESC official recommendation. During this period, we will send you marketing information, invite you to events and keep you informed of market activity and any appropriate roles. If there has been no communication between a data subject and Bailey Fisher in the six-year time frame, then all details associated with the data subject will be deleted from the database.
Your rights
As a data subject, you have a number of rights. You can:
access and obtain a copy of your data on request;
require the Company to change incorrect or incomplete data;
require the Company to delete or stop processing your data, for example where the data is no longer necessary for the purposes of processing;
object to the processing of your data where the Company is relying on its legitimate interests as the legal ground for processing; and
ask the Company to stop processing data for a period if data is inaccurate or there is a dispute about whether or not your interests override the Company’s legitimate grounds for processing data.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact:
Ann Fisher
01223 422 433
ann@baileyfisher.com
If you believe that the Company has not complied with your data protection rights, you can complain to the Information Commissioner https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/helpline/
Automated decision-making
Recruitment processes are not based solely on automated decision-making.