http://baltic-leisure.myshopify.com/pages/terms-and-warranty
Why Baltic Leisure?
FAQs
Dealers & Distributors
Tel: 1 (800) 441 - 7147
Contact Us
Track your order
login
Create account
0
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Browsing
Total
$ 0.00
Check Out
View Cart
USD
USD
CAD
EUR
INR
Terms, Warranty, and Privacy Notice Information
Home
Terms, Warranty, and Privacy Notice Information
Terms, Warranty, and Privacy Notice Information
TERMS & CONDITIONS
All terms, prices, specifications and policies are subject to change without notice. Price quotes documented by Baltic Leisure Co.'s corporate office will be honored for 30 days.
PRICES:
All prices are subject to change without notice and are F.O.B. Oxford, PA 19363 unless otherwise noted. Prices do not include applicable taxes.
TERMS:
Payment terms are 50% down upon placement of order. Balance due prior to shipment. All major credit cards, checks or money orders accepted.
RETURNS:
A Returned Goods Authorization (RGA) form must be obtained from Baltic Leisure Co. before any products may be returned. Only items originally purchased within 30 Days of the return request and of current standard design will be considered for return. Date of original purchase and invoice number, as well as exact reason for return must be included with the request. All returned products are to be sent Freight Prepaid and are subject to a 20% restocking fee. The following return rules also apply:
Sauna Rooms (Pre-built, Pre-cut), Wine Racking Systems, Wine Lockers, Walk-in Humidors, Custom Door Units, Custom Benching:
The above listed products are manufactured on a per order basis to customer specifications and as such cannot be returned for credit or refund.
Sauna Heaters, Controls, Lighting, Wine cooling units, Accessories, and Humidification Units:
The above listed products all require connection to an electrical supply and as such cannot be returned once connection has been made. A request for return authorization can be made if the product has not been unpackaged or connected to an electrical supply line and will be subject to a 20% restocking fee. Products must be returned in new condition.
Steam Generators, Steam/Shower Enclosures, Shower Columns:
The above listed products all require connection to a water supply and as such cannot be returned once connec tion has been made. A request for return authorization can be made if the product has not been unpackaged or connected to a water supply line and will be subject to a 20% restocking fee. Products must be returned in new condition.
DAMAGE / SHORTAGE CLAIMS:
Hidden and shortage claims must be made to Baltic Leisure Co. within 10 days of receipt of merchandise. Baltic Leisure Co. is not responsible for goods damaged or lost in transit. Please immediately inspect your goods at the time of delivery. When signing the freight company Bill of Lading, indicate any and all possible damage. If hidden damage is discovered you must contact Baltic Leisure within 10 days.
WARRANTY:
All warranties are limited in nature and scope. Baltic Leisure Co., manufacturer of the Baltic product lines, hereby warrants their pre-built / precut rooms, wine racking, and other manufactured products against defects in workmanship or materials for a period of five (5) years from date of purchase for residential indoor applications and one (1) year from date of purchase for commercial and outdoor applications. This warranty applies to the sauna room, sauna heater, wine racking and control systems and does not include accessory items. In general, these warranties are restricted to replacement of any defective item or repair at the factory service center. Those items sold by Baltic Leisure Co., but manufactured by others, are subject to their respective manufacturer's items sold by Baltic Leisure Co., but manufactured by others, are subject to their respective manufacturer's ages or costs.
This warranty is non-transferable and shall extend only to the original customer named on the Receipt of Certifi cate of Warranty. This warranty will be null and void unless the Receipt of Certificate of Warranty is completed in full and mailed to Baltic Leisure Co. within fifteen (15) days of delivery. This warranty extends to ordinary or normal wear and tear only and does not cover damage or wear caused by Acts-of-God including but not limited to fire, flood, extreme weather conditions, insect or animal infestation. This warranty does not extend to damage resulting from abuse, neglect, or improper use of the sauna room and/or equipment. This warranty also does not extend to damage or failure cause by attempted repair or alteration by any person other than a representative of Baltic Leisure Co. or their designated repair person.
Written notice of any defective condition should be mailed to Baltic Leisure Co. within fifteen (15) days of discovery. Failure to give such notice shall void this and all warranties. Any and all assistance rendered by Baltic Leisure Co., or its dealers and representatives, shall not extend or revive the warranty where such written notice has not been received within said fifteen (15) day period. Upon receipt of such notice of defect, the sole obliga tion of Baltic Leisure Co. and its dealers or representatives shall be to repair at a Baltic Leisure Co. warehouse or at its dealer or representative warehouse the defective unit or part
At no charge during the first year. During the extended warranty period covering the unit, at no charge for parts and shipping costs with a reasonable charge to the customer for any labor cost incurred by Baltic Leisure Co. and or its dealers and representatives in any repair or replacement pursuant to this warranty.
Either new or factory reconditioned parts or units may be used in such repair or replacement. Except as other wise required by applicable State Law, shipment of any defective parts or unit to and from Baltic Leisure Co. shall be solely at the expense of the customer.
If service is required, contact your local Baltic Leisure dealer, representative, or contact the sales and service department for Baltic Leisure Co. at (800) 441-7147
PRODUCT LIABILITY:
The buyer acknowledges that the goods sold to them by Baltic Leisure Co. can cause property damage and personal injury if not properly sized, handled and installed. The buyer further agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Baltic Leisure Co. from any and/or all claims for damage, loss and/or liability arising from the improper handling, sizing, installation or use of goods.
PRIVACY NOTICE:
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for balticleisure.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 800-441-7147 or via email at saunas@balticleisure.com.
Loading...
Error
Items added to cart View Cart
Item added to wishlist View Wishlist
Availability:
Quantity:
-
+
Add to Cart
Close