http://bankwatch.org/privacy-policy
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footer
Home > Privacy policyPrivacy policy
This is the privacy policy of CEE Bankwatch Network, also referred in this document as “we”, “our”, or “us”.
Our IC (Czech registration number) is 68406258 registered in Czech Republic.
Our registered office is at Na Rozcesti 1434/6, 190 00 Praha 9 – Liben, Czech Republic.
General provisions
This is a notice to inform you of our policy about all information that we record about you. It sets out the conditions under which we may process any information that we collect from you, or that you provide to us. It covers information that could identify you (“personal information”) and information that could not. In the context of the law and this notice, “process” means collect, store, transfer, use or otherwise act on information.
We take seriously the protection of your privacy and confidentiality. We understand that all visitors to our website are entitled to know that their personal data will not be used for any purpose unintended by them.
We undertake to preserve the confidentiality of all information you provide to us.
Our policy complies with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Except as set out below, we do not share, or sell, or disclose to a third party, any information collected through our website or otherwise.
What information do we collect?
Provided voluntarily: We collect personal Information when you voluntarily provide it, such as when you contact us with inquiries, sign up for newsletters, donate, or apply for open positions, internships, and volunteering opportunities. By voluntarily providing us with personal Information, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Collected automatically: We also gather your information for statistical purposes, to measure website activity and, subsequently, improve user experience. Namely, this information may include your browsing activity, IP address, operating system, browsing platform (for example, desktop, mobile, tablet), and other information about how you interact with our website or newsletters.
We may collect it as a part of log files or cookies or other tracking technologies. This information is stored and processed through Google Analytics which is committed to keeping your data safe.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways:
To send periodic informational emails about our activities or other updates;
To personalise your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content in which you are most interested;
To provide you with the services or information you have requested;
To update you on any changes to our services or Privacy Policy when they may have a significant impact on you and/or your personal data;
To process your donations;
To better tailor promoted campaigns;
To help us effectively cooperate with third parties;
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
Information we process for the purposes of legitimate interests
We may process information on the basis there is a legitimate interest, either to you or to us, of doing so.
Where we process your information on this basis, we do after having given careful consideration to:
whether the same objective could be achieved through other means
whether processing (or not processing) might cause you harm
whether you would expect us to process your data, and whether you would, in the round, consider it reasonable to do so.
For example, we may process your data on this basis for the purposes of:
record-keeping for the proper and necessary administration
responding to unsolicited communication from you to which we believe you would expect a response
protecting and asserting the legal rights of any party
insuring against or obtaining professional advice that is required to manage organisational risk
protecting your interests where we believe we have a duty to do so
provide relevant information in which you might be interested in
send you relevant updates based on our past or present relationships.
How do we store and protect your information?
Both personal and non-personal data may be stored by us and/or our affiliates, agents, or service providers for the appropriate use.
We regularly monitor our website for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
Your personal data is safely stored in secured networks with limited access granted to selected team members. They are instructed and properly trained to work with data.
All donations are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
The retention period for data you send that is associated with cookies, user identifiers, or advertising identifiers will be automatically erased through Google Analytics after 50 months, or earlier upon your request.
Your rights
You are in control of what personal information we hold about you and how we use it. Besides special cases, when we may be legally required to retain your personal information, you have the right to request from us to delete or amend personal data we hold about you.
Under the General Data Protection Regulation you are entitled the rights to rectify, erase, or export your personal data.
You can unsubscribe from our emails at any point in time either by contacting us at main@bankwatch.org or through the link at the bottom of every email you receive from us.
Third-party disclosure
We will never sell or trade your personal information. However, we may be required to provide it, to the extent required, to certain third parties, such as our website hosting providers and other partners who enable us operate our website and serve our users, as long as they take precautions to treat your information properly. We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.
To enable effective communication, we rely on the external newsletter service Campaign Monitor, a CRM service Nushell, and a publishing platform Atavist, which have access to your voluntarily provided personal information and automatically collected non-personal information. Campaign Monitor, Nutshell, and Atavsit take  precautions to keep your data safe.
From time to time, at our discretion, we may link to third parties. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no control over or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. However, we do seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
We also use social media features on the website, such as the Facebook Share button. These features may gather certain data, including your IP address, and browsing behaviour. Please note that these widgets are hosted and managed by the appropriate third parties which operate under their own privacy policies.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that enable a site or its service provider to recognize your browser and capture and store certain information.
We use cookies to:
Better understand and store user’s preferences for future visits.
Gather statistical data about site traffic and user behaviour and interactions in order to offer better site experience and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer notify you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since every browser is a little different, search for browser-specific settings to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, It won’t affect the user’s experience .
Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at any time in the future and from time to time without prior notice. Should there be a significant change that may have an effect on you or your personal data, we will notify you over email.
By continuing to use our website you agree with the amended terms as indicated in the present privacy policy.
Contacting us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Na Rozcesti 1434/6 Praha 9 Liben
Prague, 190 00
Czech Republic
main@bankwatch.org
+420 274 822 150
Last Edited on 2018-05-18
Footer
CEE Bankwatch Network gratefully acknowledges EU funding support.
The content of this website is the sole responsibility of CEE Bankwatch Network and can under no circumstances be regarded as reflecting the position of the European Union.
Unless otherwise noted, the content on this website is licensed under a Creative Commons BY-SA 4.0 License
Your personal data collected on the website is governed by the present Privacy Policy.
Get in touch with us
EmailFacebookLinkedInRSSTwitterYouTube
By clicking accept, you agree to the use of cookies. more information AcceptWe use cookies to:
- Better understand and store user’s preferences for future visits.
- Gather statistical data about site traffic and user behaviour and interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can enable your device to notify you each time a cookie is being sent by changing your browser settings.
If you turn cookies off, It won’t affect the user’s experience .Close