http://bannersgomlm.com/cgi-bin/ref/privacy.cgi?dist=bgmlm
Our
Privacy Statement
Our privacy
policy is short, sweet, and to the point...
We will
never rent, sell, or otherwise provide any personally identifiable information
about you or your account to anyone!
Yes, it
really is that simple!
The only
time we will share information with others is in an aggregate form to
our partners or advertisers (for example, 1500 members in the "pets"
category), if we are required to do so by law or by court order, or
if you specifically tell us to do so (as would be the case if you select
any of the opt-in email categories of our partner, YesMail.com).
Links
to other sites
Be aware
that we make available to you links to external web sites outside of
BannersGoMLM.com. These web sites will have their own policies regarding
privacy. You are encouraged to practice due diligence with regard to
the information you provide to any other web site, as we cannot be responsible
for use of any information you provide to any organization beyond our
direct control.
Use
of Cookies
Our site
uses "cookies." You should note that much bad press has been
generated regarding cookies, and almost all of it is patently false.
Cookies CANNOT harm your computer. They cannot transmit any information
to other web sites. They can't send anyone your email address, phone
number, or credit card information. And they can't tell your computer
to do anything. A cookie is only a little piece of information that
sits in your computer. It can only be read by the web site that created
it. Cookies are generally used so that web sites know who you are when
you return to the site after a period of time. They can only do this
if you have told the site who you are in the past. We use cookies for
one purpose only: to identify the web site or member who referred you
to the BannersGoMLM.com web site. This single cookie will remain valid
for 30 days after your first visit to our site, then it will expire.
If at any time during those thirty days you visit the site again, even
if you do not come back through the same vehicle as the first time,
we will know who the original referring member was. See, pretty harmless,
huh? For more information on cookie myths, visit the C|NET Builder.com
article, "The
Dark Side of Cookies".
Copyright © 2000-2007 BannersGoMLM.com All rights reserved.