https://barkerbille.com/about/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policyadmin2019-09-09T08:32:22+00:00
BarkerBille A/S’ Privacy Policy
Protection of Personal Data
According to the General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR), BarkerBille A/S (we) must provide information about which personal data we collect and what we do with them etc.
When you visit our website, receive quotations, place orders or sign up for any newsletters, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and the data collection and handling processes described below.
This Privacy Policy outlines our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data. It requires trust on your part to give us your information. We take this trust very seriously and prioritize protecting the personal data that you give us.
Protection of Personal Data. 2
Collection of Personal Data. 2
How We Use Your Data. 2
Who We Share Your Personal Data With.. 3
Cookies and Other Web-based Technologies. 3
How Long We Keep Your Data. 3
Your Rights and Choices. 3
How to contact us. 4
1. Protection of Personal Data
We store your personal data on restricted access computers located in controlled facilities, and our security measures are continuously reviewed to ensure that our user data are handled securely and with due regard to your rights as a user. We therefore believe that we meet the requirement for safe storage in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU’s GDPR) and the Danish Data Protection Act.
However, we cannot guarantee 100 percent security for data transfers via the Internet. This means that there may be a risk that others unlawfully get access to data when this data is transmitted and stored electronically. The rapid development of the Internet means that changes in how we process personal data may be necessary. Therefore, we reserve the right to update and modify this Privacy Policy. If we do, we will of course update the date at the top of the document. In case of significant changes, we will notify you.
2. Collection of Personal Data
We do not collect any personal data without you providing this information yourself. This can be when sending inquiries, receiving quotations, placing orders, during service or maintenance work or when signing up for any newsletters, contacting us at trade fairs or by telephone, or when you otherwise interact with us in other situations or make use of our services. Typically, information about company names, company addresses, CVR numbers, delivery addresses, billing addresses, the contact person’s first name and surname, telephone number and e-mail is obtained and stored.
This can be information that can be used to identify you as a person or contact you directly (“personal data”).
You may choose not to provide us with personal data, but of course certain information is necessary for the establishment of an effective and good cooperation for both parties.
Behavior such as visited URLs, actions such as clicks, opening rates, possibly log-in time and geographical data are also obtained anonymously. We also collect other information, such as your IP address, information that identifies your device and browsing history.
3. How We Use Your Data
We use the obtained information about you for the following purposes:
to process an order
to be able to service you better at any inquiry
for registration and administration of your customer relationship
to communicate with you in general
to answer your questions and comments
to notify you of products or services that may potentially interest you
to request information from you e.g. in surveys
to improve our website and marketing.
4. Who We Share Your Personal Data With
The personal data obtain about you is not disclosed or shared with anyone.
In order to ensure the best possible experience on BarkerBille’s website, we receive statistics on how users use our site. The statistics are obtained and used in anonymous form, for example to see which pages and content the users interact with.
We use Google Analytics to collect visitor statistics and, in this connection, pass on IP addresses to Google Analytics. The Google Analytics Privacy Terms are accepted by you when you use or site.
On website you also see embedded content from other websites, such as YouTube and Google Maps, which works exactly as if you visited those sites. Therefore, by using our website, you give these sites permission to collect data about you.
5. Cookies and Other Web-based Technologies
When you visit BarkerBille’s website, you automatically receive one or more cookies. We use cookies to collect statistics in connection with displaying data from websites, social media etc. and for use in our marketing and registration of preferred language. Generally, the cookies collect anonymous data, but IP addresses can also be collected, which can be personally identifiable data. We use Google Analytics’ analysis tools as well as Evolution360 to know how users interact with the website.
6. How Long We Keep Your Data
We store certain personal data associated with your customer relationship in our ERP system. The time period that we store your information depends on the purpose for which we have obtained it and for which we use it.
We do not store your personal data longer than necessary for our business purposes or according to the legal requirements of the applicable law on the processing of personal data in Denmark at any time.
7. Your Rights and Choices
In accordance with applicable law, you have the following rights regarding your personal data:
You have the right to see the data we have about you, and, in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU’s GDPR) and the Danish Data Protection Act (databeskyttelsesloven), you can object to our data collection. If you want access to the data registered about you, please send an email to mail@barkerbille.com.
If any of the data is incorrect, or you have any objections, you can contact us to have them corrected, deleted or blocked.
You can revoke your consent at any time and also have the right to be deleted from our database and have all history of your conduct deleted.
You have the opportunity to complain about the processing of your data. Complaints should be submitted to the Danish Data Protection Agency (Datatilsynet).
8. How to contact us
If you want access to the data registered about you, please send an email to mail@barkerbille.com
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact: Frank Jensen, Finance Director, fje@barkerbille.com
BarkerBille A/S
Borupvang 1A
DK-2750 Ballerup
www.barkerbille.com
Tel: +45 44 97 41 92
ABOUTAbout BarkerBille
History
Sponsorships
Terms of Sale and Delivery
CONTACT
Flemming Bille
Phone: +45 20 95 68 11
Email: fb@barkerbille.com
This website uses cookies and third party services. Read our Privacy Policy to learn more.
OK
Go to Top