https://bassproducts.com/terms/
Menu
Store
Terms and Conditions
Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information
Copyright
All content on this web site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons and images is the property of Bass Products, a division of PEPCO or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The selection, arrangement, and presentation of all materials on this web site (including information in the public domain), and the overall design of this web site is the exclusive property of Bass and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Trademarks
Bass Products graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts and service names are trademarks or trade dress of Bass Products and such trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service of Bass Products, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Bass Products, its products or services or this web site. All other trademarks not owned by Bass Products that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Bass Products.
Patents
Unless otherwise specified, this site and its contents are intended to promote Bass Products’ products and services available in the United States. The site is controlled and operated by Bass Products from its offices in Bristol Connecticut. One or more patents may apply to the site, including without limitation: U.S. Patent Nos. 257,433; 254,370; 331,390; and 4,973,937.
Returns, Refunds and Losses Policy (Retail)
Bass Products has a 2 year limited warranty for its products, from date of shipment. If you believe a product is defective within the warranty period, request an RMA number from our customer service department. Then, return the product, insured and transportation charges paid to Bass Products. You must provide proof–of–purchase to exercise your rights under the warranty. Bass will repair or replace (at its option) and return to you without charges any of its products which prove upon examination by Bass to be defective within the terms of the warranty.
Complaints Procedures
We operate a complaints handling procedure which we will use to try to resolve disputes when they first arise, please let us know if you have any complaints or comments. Please direct any complaints to complaints@bassproducts.com. All issues will be handled in a timely and efficient manner.
Communications
Please contact Bass Products via phone at (860) 585-7923 or via e-mail at sales@bassproducts.com. Our Address: 435 Lake Avenue, Bristol, Connecticut, 06010.
Visitor Conduct
This Terms and Conditions of Use Agreement (“Agreement”) informs visitors to Bass Products’ website at http://www.bassproducts.com.com (“Website”) concerning the rules and policies that govern use of the Website. The term “visitor” includes any person who accesses the Website for any amount of time, unless designated otherwise. Visitors are expected to follow all posted guidelines and rules. For the purposes of this Agreement, the term “Bass” (or “we” or “us” or “our”) includes, individually and collectively, Bass Products, a division of PEPCO, our officers, directors, agents, employees, representatives, shareholders, parents, partners, independent consultants, licensees, affiliates, subsidiaries, related entities, successors and assigns. Your access or use of the Website constitutes your agreement to be bound by this Agreement.
Terms of Sale
Pricing and Availability
We try and ensure that all details, descriptions and prices which appear on this Website are accurate, however, errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price of any goods which you have ordered we will inform you of this as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it. If we are unable to contact you we will treat the order as cancelled. If you cancel and you have already paid for the goods, you will receive a full refund. Delivery costs will be charged in addition; such additional charges are clearly displayed where applicable and included in the ‘Total Cost’.
Payment
Generally, we will charge your card for an item when we ship the item to you or confirm its availability in store. However, we may pre-authorize your order amount with your credit or debit card issuer at the time you place the order, which may have an effect on your available credit line. When you pre-order with a debit card, we’ll debit your card when you place the pre-order. For digital items, we’ll charge your card when you order the item. The product will be transferred to you and made available for use once payment is confirmed.
Shipping
Shipping dates are limited to business days only. Items will not be shipped on weekends or holidays. Delivery dates are limited to USPS and UPS available days.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR ANY POSTED GUIDELINES, POLICIES OR RULES, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE WEBSITE.
To use or to participate in certain of the activities, features, functions or services on the Website you may be requested to provide certain information about yourself, including your name and contact information (“personal information”). We may also obtain non-personal information regarding your visit to protect the security of other visitors or the Website or to make the Website’s content more useful for all visitors. All information obtained by the Website from visitors shall be governed by our Privacy Policy which is posted on the Website and is incorporated by reference into this Agreement. If there is a conflict between any term in this Agreement concerning information obtained from visitors and our Privacy Policy, the term in the Privacy Policy shall prevail. You should carefully review our Privacy Policy to understand our information collection, use and disclosure practices. You are responsible for providing accurate and complete information to us in connection with your use of the Website. If, at any time, we discover that you have provided false information or have violated any term of this Agreement or our Privacy Policy, your use of the Website will be canceled without notice. Bass Products is not liable or responsible for any claims relating to any inaccurate, untimely, false or incomplete information provided to us, or from a visitor’s failure to fully comply with any provision of this Agreement. If necessary, and in accordance with applicable law, we will cooperate with local, state and/or federal authorities to protect the Website, visitors to the Website, or Infinity AR and to prevent the unauthorized use of the Website.
Website Access
Access to this Website is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the Services without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason this Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts or this entire Website.
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy, describes how we will use your information. By using this website, you consent to the processing described therein and warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Under no circumstances do we transfer your email address to any other company, nor do we collect any personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs.
There are two ways you can provide us with and consent to our collection of certain personal information:
E-Mail Request
Links throughout our site provide you with the opportunity to contact us via e-mail to ask questions, request information and materials, or provide comments and suggestions. You may also be offered the opportunity to have one of our Sales Representatives contact you personally to provide additional information about our products or services. To do so, we may request additional personal information from you, such as your name and telephone number, to help us satisfy your request.
Enrollment
You may choose to enroll for one of our products or services, we will request certain information from you. Depending on the type of product or service that you request, you may be asked to provide different personal information. For certain products and services, we may require your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and credit card number. Other products and services may require different or supplemental information from you in order to apply.
Products
Support
Downloads
Worksheets
Terms
Contact
435 Lake Ave Bristol, CT 06010
|
p: 860.585.7923
|
e: sales@bassproducts.com