https://bdprints.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Toggle navigation
What We Do
Design
Printing
Mailing
Marketing
Who We Are
Our Story
Six Degrees of B&D
Our People
Testimonials
Support
Artwork Information
Cutting Formes
Plant List
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
The Information We Collect
We collect the following type of information from you when you use our Services
Information that is aggregate, de-identified or otherwise not capable of revealing your identity (?Other Information?). Other Information may include details about your company, industry, browser, internet connection, operating system, and behaviour on the Services (e.g., clicks, time viewing a page, domain names and paths on which you use the Services) to the extent that this information is not or cannot be linked to you.
Information that personally identifies or is identifiable to you (?Personal Information?). Personal Information includes your name, email address, telephone number, or any other identifier through which you may be contacted online or offline or any other information which can be directly or indirectly attributed to you;
The Methods We Use to Collect Information
This is how B&D collect information from you when you use our Services:
You directly provide it to us.
When you complete and submit online forms to us;
You indirectly provide it to us. The primary way that this occurs is through automatic data collection technologies that collect statistical (non-personal) information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns to provide details about:
Traffic data
Location and IP address
Communication data
Resources accessed on the Services
Operating System
Browser
The technologies we and the third parties providing content and applications to the Services may use for this automatic data collection include:
Cookies.
A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Services. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system may issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Services. In your browser, you can disable the storage of cookies or remove registered cookies but this may lead to a reduced functionality, slowdown or inability to use certain parts of the website. For more information on cookies and how you can remove them according to the type of the browser used, refer to www.allaboutcookies.org.
We use the following types of cookies.
Essential cookies are cookies which allow you to look at our website, to use the functions on our website. If the use of these cookies is disabled, certain parts of our website may not be able to be used correctly.
Functional cookies and saving preferences are cookies which allow us to register visitor preferences (such as pages visited, etc.), in order to facilitate use of our website and be able to offer visitors the most relevant and personalised information.
Performance cookies are cookies designed to collect information on how you use our website, such as information about the pages visited or the number of error messages that have appeared, in order to analyse and optimise the use of our website.
Third party cookies, these are installed by third parties, e.g. social networks. Their purpose is to integrate social media content on our site, such as social plugins.
If you are a member of a social network and do not wish it to combine data retrieved from your visit to our websites with your membership data, you must log out from the social network concerned before activating the buttons.
Web Beacon.
Pages of our Services and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs. pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit us to, for example, count users who have visited a page or opened an e-mail.
B&D have no influence on the scope of data that is collected by the social networks through their buttons. The data use policies of the social networks provide information on the purpose and extent of the data that they collect, how this data is processed and used, the rights available to you and the settings that you can use to protect your privacy.
What We Do with the Information We Collect
B&D will only use and disclose your Personal Information for the purpose for which you have provided it to us as determined at the time of collection or through your subsequent consent, including:
Providing you with information, products or services that you request from us;
Managing our business operations (e.g., customer relationship management (CRM) system, opt-in marketing database, customer service and support system);
Fulfilling any other purpose for which you provide the Personal Information;
B&D will retain your Personal Information for as long as needed based on the purpose for which you have authorised us to use it.
The Places That We Store This Information
B&D use the following third-party processors: MailChimp (for email campaigns). Processors will only process the data as instructed by B&D and are not allowed to process the data any further than necessary for the Purpose for which it was collected. In the event of any transfer outside of the European Economic Area/EU, such transfers take place in accordance with applicable European Union data protection rules under security conditions enabling the protection of the Personal Information.
In addition, some of the Services are served by third-parties. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Services. The information they collect may be associated with your Personal Information or they may collect information, including Personal Information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online service. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioural) advertising or other targeted content. We do not control these third parties? tracking technologies or how they may be used. For that reason, you should read the privacy policies of every service that you use.
We do not track you over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising. Therefore, we do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
How to Limit Use and Disclosure of Your Information
We do not control third parties? collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative on its website: www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
How to Access, Correct, and Object to Processing of Your Information
We aim to keep Personal Information accurate and up to date.
You may send us an e-mail at privacy@bdprints.co.uk to correct or delete any Personal Information that you have provided to us. We will require proof of your identity.
Details on Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal Information from accidental loss and from unauthorised access, use, alteration and or disclosure.
CookiesOur website uses cookies to improve your user experience. If you continue browsing, we assume that you consent to our use of cookies. More information can be found in our Privacy & Cookies Policy. Find out more.Okay, thank you