http://bearingdepot.com/privacy
Bearing Depot & Supply
819 Lincoln Blvd. Middlesex NJ
732.563.2225
My Account
Register
Login
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Privacy Policy
Martin Bearing MaintenanceAnd Troubleshooting Guide
Air Compressor Ball Bearings
ATV Ball Bearings
Ball Bearings
Boat Trailer Bearings
Cam Follower Bearings
Ceramic Bearings
Four Bolt Flange Bearings
Two Bolt Flange Bearings
Insert Bearings
Laundry Bearings
Lawn Equipment
Motorcycle Bearings
Needle Roller Bearings
Pillow Block Bearings
Precision Bearings
Sealed Ball
Shielded Ball Bearing
Snap Ring Bearing
Salt & Sand Spreader Bearings
Seals
Self-Aligning Bearings
Spherical Ball Bushings
Spherical Roller Bearings
Stainless Steel 2 Bolt Flange Bearing
Stainless Steel 4 Bolt Flange Bearing
Stainless Steel Ball Bearings
Stainless Steel Pillow Block Bearings
Take-Up Unit Bearings
Tapered Roller Bearings
Privacy Policy
Bearing Depot is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Bearing Depot Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Bearing Depot website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.Collection of your Personal InformationBearing Depot collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address  telephone number. Bearing Depot also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Bearing Depot. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Bearing Depot for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Bearing Depot Web site.Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Bearing Depot public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Bearing Depot does not read any of your private online communications.Bearing Depot encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Bearing Depot so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Bearing Depot is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Bearing Depot and Bearing Depot family of Web sites.Use of your Personal InformationBearing Depot collects and uses your personal information to operate the Bearing Depot Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Bearing Depot also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Bearing Depot and its affiliates. Bearing Depot may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.Bearing Depot does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Bearing Depot may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Bearing Depot may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Bearing Depot, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.Bearing Depot does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.Bearing Depot keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Bearing Depot, in order to determine what Bearing Depot services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Bearing Depot to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.Bearing Depot Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Bearing Depot or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Bearing Depot; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Bearing Depot, or the public.Use of CookiesThe Bearing Depot Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Bearing Depot pages, or register with Bearing Depot site or services, a cookie helps Bearing Depot to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Bearing Depot Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Bearing Depot features that you customized.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Bearing Depot services or Web sites you visit.Security of your Personal InformationBearing Depot secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Bearing Depot secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.Changes to this StatementBearing Depot will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Bearing Depot encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Bearing Depot is protecting your information.Contact InformationBearing Depot welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Bearing Depot has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Bearing Depot at admin@Bearing Depot. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.Bearing Depot821 Lincoln Blvd.Middlesex, NJ 08846USA