https://beckwithelectric.com/privacy-policy/
NEWS
EVENTS
CONNECT
LOGIN
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: November 9, 2020
Privacy Policy and Statements:
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
This website at www.beckwithelectric.com is owned and hosted by Beckwith Electric Co., Inc.:
Beckwith Electric Co., Inc.6190 – 118th Ave. N.Largo, FL 33773-3724 U.S.A.
(727) 544-2326
Thank you for visiting our Website. Beckwith Electric values your right to privacy and takes care to keep your personal information safe, secure, and confidential. This privacy policy is designed to assist you in understanding how Beckwith Electric Co., Inc. collects, uses, and shares information about you. Our Terms of Use, available at https://beckwithelectric.com/terms-of-use/, describe the terms and conditions governing your access and use of the Website. Your use of the Website signifies your agreement to be bound by both the Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. If you do not agree to the Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, please do not use the Website.
How Beckwith Electric Collects Information
We collect information directly from you. If you choose not to provide the information that we ask for, it is possible that you may not be able to participate in an activity or experience the full functions of the Website.
We collect contact information. For example, if you create an account or sign up for a mailing list, you may be asked to provide your name, company name, address, email address, and phone number.
We collect information you submit. We collect information when you submit requests or inquiries to us using an online contact form (e.g., to request more information, or a product or service request). We also collect information when you apply for a job on the Website.
We collect usage information. We may collect information about the browser you are using. We might look at what site you came from or what site you visit when you leave the Website. We may also collect device information, including IP address and device identifiers.
We collect certain information on interests and preferences. We may collect information on your product or services interests, preferences, and purchases.
We collect website analytics using Google. You may exercise choices regarding the use of cookies from Google Analytics by going to the Google website and downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
We may collect online payments and credit card information. If you are making a purchase on the Website, you may be asked to provide credit card information. When this occurs, it is our policy to redirect you to a payment processing portal hosted by a third party payment processor. Please read the privacy policy on our payment processor’s website regarding the use, storage and, protection of your credit card information before submitting any credit card details.
Note that your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to websites and online Platforms you visit. There is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context. Like many websites and online Platforms, Beckwith Electric currently does not alter its practices when it receives a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser.
How Beckwith Electric Uses Information
Information is used to improve our products and services and to customize your experience with us.
Information is used to provide the products and services you request.
Information is used to communicate with you about our relationship and respond to inquiries we receive from you or in connection with a transaction you initiate.
Information is used to analyze, manage and improve the Website and our products and services.
Information is used to notify you of special offers and other services that we believe may be of interest to you or to send you current mailings.
Information is used to provide you with advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
Information is used to help us protect the Website and our customers.
Information is used to help us diagnose problems with our server or other technical issues relating to the performance of the Website; or for any other purpose as otherwise permitted by law or as stated at the time you provide your information.
How Beckwith Electric Shares Information
We share information with third parties who provide services on our behalf, such as vendors who send emails or serve advertisements for us, or who operate the Website.
We share information to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, customers or other users of the Website, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities.
We share information to enforce the Terms of Use, take precautions against liability, investigate and defend against any third-party claims or allegations, and/or protect the security or integrity of the Website.
We share information to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws.
We may share information for other reasons we disclose to you.
How Beckwith Electric Uses Third Party Services
This site contains links to other sites. Beckwith Electric Co., Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. These websites may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
For our website visitors, Beckwith Electric provides access to the following third party services.
Links to external social networks and platforms:
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Personal data is collected for the following services:
Google Analytics
Event management:
RegFox
EventBrite
Credit card payment handling:
WePay
How Beckwith Electric Secures Data
We take reasonable steps to have physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in place to help protect your Personal Information/Personal Data. This may include, in appropriate circumstances, use of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information/Personal Data, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information collected through our Website.
How Beckwith Electric Uses Cookies
Beckwith Electric uses third-party cookies to obtain information on visits, to measure and analyze browsing habits on the website, and to gather broad demographic information. Our primary analytic tool is Google Analytics for data gathering.
If you register on our website, you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when return to our website. If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist but if you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you would like to delete the cookies already installed on your Website browsing device, you can do so from your browser. Look for instructions in the help menu of your browser.
Beckwith Electric Email Communications
You can opt out of receiving promotional email communications from us at any time by following the instructions provided in those communications. Please note that even if you opt out of receiving promotional communications, we may continue to send you non-promotional emails, such as those about our on-going business relations.
This Website provides you with the opportunity to receive emails regarding products and services you choose during sign-up. No personal information is taken that is not voluntarily submitted by you for purposes outlined during sign-up. This information is confidential to Beckwith Electric Co., Inc. and will not be sold or leased to any other company for any purposes.
Opt Out/Delete Your Information
You have the following options to remove your information from our database and stop receiving our mailings. Send your email address and name:
Contact Us Online
Postal mail to the following postal address:
Beckwith ElectricAttn: Marketing Opt-Out6190 – 118th Ave. N.Largo, FL 33773-3724 U.S.A.
Additional methods to opt-in or opt-out may be provided in emails sent to you.
Correct/Update
You have the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided. Send updated information along with your original name and email address:
Contact Us Online
Postal mail to the following postal address:
Beckwith ElectricAttn: Marketing/Website6190 – 118th Ave. N.Largo, FL 33773-3724 U.S.A.
Users Outside the United States
Beckwith Electric is based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. If you are accessing the Website from outside of the United States, please be aware that information collected through the Website will be transferred to, and processed, and used in the United States. The data protection laws in the United States may be different from those of the country in which you are located. Your use of the Website or providing us with any information therefore constitutes your consent to the transfer to, and processing, usage, sharing and storage of your information, including Personal Information/Personal Data, in the United States as set forth in this Privacy Policy. We will take reasonable care to ensure that your data is treated fairly and lawfully.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this Privacy Policy. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy and your continued use of the Website indicates your consent to the Privacy Policy then posted.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact:
Contact Us Online
Postal mail to the following postal address:
Beckwith ElectricAttn: Marketing Communications6190 – 118th Ave. N.Largo, FL 33773-3724 U.S.A.