http://beckersf.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Welcome to our website! Accessing this website means that you are legally binding yourself in
agreeing with the terms and conditions. You also agree that you are of legal age of at least
eighteen (18) years old. If you are not of legal age and have no intention of accessing this
website or availing of any of its services offered, you must immediately leave this website.
Registration
You agree to provide the necessary information accurately to this website. Upon registration to
our website, you will be able to enjoy the services offered. You also have the option to subscribe
to selected services. Should there be any changes to any information; it is the user’s obligation
to notify the website to provide a better user experience.
Privacy
You will be held solely responsible for the proper use and protection of all their necessary
information needed to access the services available on the website such as their user ID,
password, and other means of accessing their account in this website. The user can inform the
site should they have problems in accessing their account provided that they can share the
necessary information to access it such as user ID or email used.
Membership
This website offers free and paid membership. Free membership means that you are only
availing our services for noncommercial purposed. Should you plan to avail of the website’s paid
services, you may do so by registering for the service.
Payment
Payment will be through your selected method. You agree to pay all such fees by these terms
and conditions. The website reserves the right to adjust the amounts available for the services
offered. User will be notified at least two (2) weeks before the addition of new fees of the
increase of previous services provided. Users may receive the notices through the user’s email
and their existing account in the website. If you find the changes in the fees, you have the option
to unsubscribe to these services.
Termination and Refund
If the website terminates your subscription or account, the website reserves the right to deny
you from access to all or some of its services. Cancellation of your subscription after your
renewal does not honor you to any refund for the charged amounts.
Should you violate any of portions of this agreement or conduct unlawful or inappropriate
activities that may harm the website, the website reserves the right to terminate your account
with or without prior notice. The site will not be liable for any information or content lost upon the
termination of your account. However, provisions of this agreement such as indemnity and
liability must remain active.
Indemnity
You agree to protect the website from any loss, expenses, and liability concerning claims of
demands from a third party source.
Liability
The website will not be held liable for any event. These include but are not limited to (i) any
incidental, indirect, or consequential damages of any kind; (ii) any lost or damaged user
information; or (iii) any excess fee paid during the time of the user’s subscription. Some of these
or all terms may not apply to you depending on the state you are residing in.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Mental Health Awareness: Key To Business Success
Doing A Family-Related Webinar? Learn About Landing Pages For That
Setting Up Your Own Business From Home During The Pandemic
How Advertising Conferences Can Be Useful
Social Media Strategies To Help Cope With COVID-19
Recent CommentsArchives
November 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
November 2019
October 2019
July 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
January 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
August 2018
June 2018
April 2018
FollowCategories
Tips for Success
Uncategorized