https://bedfordgroup.com/privacy-policy/
The Bedford Group - Privacy Policy for candidates, clients and partners.
About
The Bedford Approach
Expanded Services
Our Team
How Can We Help?
Specialties
Compensation Services
News & Articles
416-963-9000
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice for Bedford Consulting Group Inc.
Last Revised: August 2018
Your privacy is important to The Bedford Consulting Group and Transearch Inc. (together referred to as “we” or “us” in this Privacy Notice) and the purpose of this Privacy Notice is to tell you about how we collect, use, and share your Personal Information when you apply for or discuss an opportunity with us (collectively, the “Services”). This includes, but is not limited to, the usage of our website (http://bedfordgroup.com/).What does this Privacy Notice cover?
This Privacy Notice sets out how we handle personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) that we gather when you are using our Services. It does not cover the practices of individuals, companies and entities we do not own, control or manage. Please note that contact information that is for communicating with you in relation to your employment, business or profession is not Personal Information. Please also note that nothing in this Privacy Notice will limit our right to collect, use and disclose your Personal Information as permitted by law.
Will we ever change this Privacy Notice?
We are constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Notice from time to time. When a revised Privacy Notice is posted to this page, the changes will be reflected by a new “Last Revised” date at the top. Please check back here periodically to review this Privacy Notice. Use and sharing of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Notice in effect at the time we use or share that information.
What Personal Information do we collect?
Information You Provide To UsWe collect, use, and store any Personal Information you knowingly provide to us.When you apply for or discuss an opportunity with us, we may collect some or all of the following Personal Information:
your name, address and telephone number
email address and facsimile number
your location, if different from your address
your occupation and work history
compensation details
Information relating to results on leadership assessment tools used by us.
Read about these tools here (http://bedfordgroup.com/about/).
We also collect non-personal, technical information regarding the performance of the Services, as well as information about how you use our Services.We may add to our records from Personal Information we collect from other sources, including public online sources, your personal resume, and any discussions with you, your references, and those involved in the hiring regarding your candidacy.Information Collected Automatically
Whenever you interact with our services, we may automatically receive and record information on logs and databases from your browser, application, services or device(s).
Other information collected automatically may include your IP address, location details, “cookie” information, mobile device, operating system, the type of browser, application and/or device(s) you’re using to access our Services, click-through paths, the identity of the page or feature you are requesting or interacting with, time on page and other indicators of how you are interacting with the Services.
We also use Google Analytics and WordFence to provide analytics services. You can read their privacy notices here (Google) and here (WordFence).
How do we use your Personal Information?
We use the information we collect to provide, maintain, protect and improve our Services, to develop new goods and services, to protect our users. Specifically, the main ways in which we use your Personal Information are as follows:
Considering and contacting you for suitable positions that arise
Keeping you apprised of relevant occurrences within our firm and industry
Sometimes we have to share your Personal Information
We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties, but regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Notice, we may disclose Personal Information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary (a) in connection with any legal investigation; (b) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us; (c) to protect or defend our rights, our property or users of the Services; (d) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Notice, or any legal agreement we have with you; or (e) as otherwise permitted or required by law.
If you contact us for assistance with our Services, we may provide the relevant contact with access to your Personal Information as needed to resolve your concern.
We may also share your Personal Information with our business partners, including contractors who assist us in providing our Services, and internally with any of our affiliates, in which case our affiliates will handle your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
We may anonymize and/or aggregate your Personal Information so as to limit disclosure of your Personal Information and the extent to which you are readily identifiable and provide that information to our partners or use that information for marketing or promotional items. However, except as described below, we do not disclose aggregate information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally as an individual.
The security of your Personal Information is important to us
We will protect the Personal Information we have collected, whatever its form, by security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. The safeguards will protect personal information against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. The measures of protection include:
Physical measures, for example, locking filing cabinets and restricting access to offices;
organizational measures, for example, requiring security passes and limiting access to the personal information on a “need-to-know” basis;
technological measures, for example, the use of passwords and encryption; and
Although we use appropriate security measures once we have received your Personal Information, the transmission of data over the internet (including by e-mail) is never completely secure. We endeavor to protect Personal Information under our control, but we cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to us or by us, or affected by events beyond our reasonable control
If we reasonably believe a breach of security safeguards has affected your Personal Information that is under our control, we will investigate the situation and, where appropriate, notify you. We will take all other steps which we believe are appropriate or legally required.
Note that if you are applying from outside of Canada, we follow Canadian Privacy Laws, which may be more or less stringent than those in place in the country in which you reside.
How long do we keep your Personal Information?
We retain your Personal Information only as long as we require it to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including to maintain an appropriate historical record of our relationship with you. If there are legal requirements relating to the period of time which we must retain your Personal Information, we comply with those requirements.
What if you want to limit the use of your Personal Information?
Most of the Personal Information we collect is necessary for us to discuss your candidacy for a position which you have applied for or agreed to explore. If you do not want us to use or disclose your Personal Information in a particular way, please contact using the contact information at the bottom of this Privacy Notice and we will be pleased to discuss with you how we can limit collection, use or disclosure of your Personal Information. Please note that if you place restrictions on our collection, use or disclosure of your Personal Information, our ability to provide to you our Services may be negatively affected.
You may request access and changes to your Personal Information
You may request access in writing to your Personal Information that is in our control and request corrections if you believe that Personal Information is inaccurate. If you wish to access or correct your Personal Information, you should contact us using the contact information at the bottom of this Privacy Notice and we will be pleased to discuss your request. Please note that all requests must be in writing.
Changes to our business
We may also share some or all of your Personal Information in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of our insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, another organization may receive your Personal Information as a business asset. If another company acquires our company, business, or assets, that company may possess the Personal Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Notice or as otherwise required by law.
Questions? Concerns?
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice or about our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information please contact our Privacy Officer at privacy@nullbedfordgroup.com or by mail at 22 Adelaide Street West, Suite 2760, Toronto, ON, M5H 4E3.
Company
About
The Bedford Approach
Our Team
How Can We Help?
Specialties
Expanded Services
Compensation Services
Learn More
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
Explore
News & Articles
Videos
Forum
© The Bedford Consulting Group, Inc. All rights reserved.
We use cookies to provide our services and for analytics and marketing. To find out more about our use of cookies, please see our Privacy Policy here. By continuing to browse our website, you agree to our use of cookies.OK