http://beehiveagency.com/bralco/privacy-policy/
AboutAluminumStainless SteelCopper, Brass, Bronze & BerylliumSpecialty MetalsAerospaceDefenseHeavy IndustryTransportationEnergyMedicalElectronicsRecreationLevelingSlittingShearingPrecision SawingWaterjetOther ProcessesResourcesLocationsContactReliance Steel
&
Aluminum Co.
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy describes how Bralco Metals, its affiliates, and its service providers (collectively, “we,” “our,” or “us”) collect, use, share, and otherwise process your personal information in connection with the Bralco Metals website (“Site”). “Personal information,” means any information that identifies, relates to, describes, or could reasonably be linked directly or indirectly to you.
The products and services offered via the Site are intended for purchase only by users who reside in the United States. If you visit our Site from outside the US, please note that the US has data protection laws that may not be consistent with those of other countries and that information collected about you in connection with your visit to our Site will be processed in accordance with US law. Your use of the Site is subject to our Terms of Use.
Information Collected
Information You Provide. As you use our Site, we may collect personal information directly from you. For example, you may provide personal information when you submit information to us by filling out a “contact” form.
The categories of personal information that you may provide include, but are not limited to:
Identifiers, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, or email address;
Commercial information, such as marketing preferences, reminder preferences, and notification preferences; and
Communications, such as comments, suggestions, or other content that you generate.
You may choose not to provide us with the above categories of information. If you choose not to provide us with this information, you may still access and use portions of the Site. However, you may not be able to use portions of the Site which require you to provide personal information.
Information Automatically Collected From You. When you visit the Site, we may collect information automatically using cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies from your computer, tablet, mobile phone or other device used to access the Site, as well as related software. Cookies are small strings of text sent by our website to your browser which are then stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Our cookies allow us to personalize your experience on the Site, make your visit more convenient, and understand how you and others are using the Site so that we can improve your experience on the website. We use cookies to, among other things, identify repeat visitors to our Site and to determine the paths visitors take on our Site. We also use cookies to determine whether you visited our Site from a particular Internet link or advertisement.
We also may use web beacons (small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of web sites) and auditing software to track page views and entry and exit points to and from emails. In addition, we use web beacons, cookies, customized links and/or similar technologies to determine whether any emails or electronic publications sent by us to those who have requested them from us have been opened and which links are clicked.
Our third-party service providers and business partners may also place cookies, beacons, or similar technology to support and improve our Site. For example, we use Google Analytics or similar web traffic analytic tools to help analyze how users use the Site. Such tools use information generated by cookies about your use of the web site (including IP address, content viewed, search terms entered, and actions taken), which is transmitted to an analytics provider. This information is then used to evaluate users’ use of the Site and to compile statistical reports on web site activity for us. We also work with third party advertising networks to promote our Site elsewhere on the web, including through online behavioral advertising.
The information we collect automatically may include but is not limited to the following categories of information:
Identifiers (e.g., IP address, mobile advertising identifiers, MAC address, other device IDs);
Geolocation data based on IP address demographics (location, language, country of origin, etc.);
Technical device data (e.g., domain server, type of device, type of web browser); and
Internet or other electronic network activity information (e.g., access times, pages visited, search history, referring web site addresses, interactions with Site features).
We collect the above information from the following categories of sources:
Other parts of our corporate family
Third party service providers
Advertising networks
You may have options to make choices about automatic data collection as described in the Your Choices section below.
How We Use Information We Collect
We may use the personal information we collect for purposes such as:
providing and personalizing our Site and the content, products, and services we make available to you through the Site;
providing information, content, products, or services that you request or purchase;
providing you with information about the Site or required notices;
understanding how you use our Site, products and services;
improving and further developing the products, services, content, features, performance, and support available through our Site;
customer support;
communicating with you to respond to your inquiries, or provide other legal or service-related notices about our Site;
delivering marketing communications, promotional materials, or advertisements about [Company] or third-party products or services that may be of interest to you, including to display targeted ads to you elsewhere online (see your options related to marketing and advertising in the “Your Choices” section below);
protecting the security and integrity of our Site and information technology infrastructure;
authenticating the information you provide to us;
detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of our Terms of Use, violations of law, or other misuse of the Site or our products and services;
complying with legal obligations; and
other legal purposes, such as exercising and defending our rights, protecting personal property or safety, pursuing remedies available to us and limiting our damages, complying with judicial proceedings, court orders, legal process, or lawful requests from governmental authorities.
We may combine or aggregate any information we collect for any of these purposes. We may also anonymize your personal information in such a way that you cannot reasonably be identified and may use such anonymized information for any purpose.
How We Disclose Information We Collect
We may disclose the personal information we collect as follows:
With Our Service Providers. We may share your personal information with our service providers that have agreed to keep the information confidential and to process it only as necessary to perform the services we ask them to perform, including but not limited to: IT and system administration and hosting; research and analytics; marketing; and customer support.
With Analytics and Advertising Providers. We may share personal information with analytics and advertising providers (including advertisers, ad networks, and ad servers) that use the information in combination with information collected from third-party websites and mobile applications so that they can provide us with reports about Site usage and deliver relevant content or ads on their own websites or applications or other third-party websites or applications. The information we share with these parties may include the content and ads users have viewed and activities on the Site. See the “Your Choices” section below for choices you may have about such practices.
Within Our Corporate Family. We may share your personal information with our affiliates and subsidiaries, including companies that we may acquire in the future, as necessary for any of the purposes for which we use your personal information above. Our affiliates and subsidiaries may also use your personal information to provide and improve their own products and services and to market such products and services to you.
In a Corporate Transaction. We may share your personal information with relevant third parties (e.g., service providers, advisors, transaction partners) if we are involved in a merger, reorganization, dissolution or other fundamental corporate change, or if all or a portion of our business, assets or stock are acquired by a third party.
To Protect Rights and Property. We may disclose your personal information to third parties when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, our property, the integrity of the Site, personal safety, or the interests of you or any other person, and to detect, prevent and/or otherwise address fraud, risk management, security, or technical issues.
To Comply with and as Required by Law. [Company] may disclose information when legally compelled to do so when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so or for the protection of our legal rights.
We may share information that does not reasonably identify you with third parties for any purpose.
Your Choices
Cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but it is possible to change your browser setup to allow you to control whether you will accept cookies, reject cookies, or to notify you each time a cookie is sent to you. If your browser is set to reject cookies, our website will not recognize you when you return, and some functionality may be lost. The Help section of your browser will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies.
Online Behavioral Advertising. For more information about online behavioral advertising generally and information regarding how to “opt-out” from such advertising provided by certain participating companies, you can visit: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp or http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
We do not currently respond to web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that provide a method to opt out of the collection of information across the networks of websites and online services in which we participate. If we do so in the future, we will describe how we do so in this Privacy Policy. Visit the following website, www.allaboutdnt.com, for more information on this developing area.
How We Protect Your Information
We have administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed to safeguard the information we collect. However, no information system can be 100% secure, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information. Moreover, we are not responsible for the security of information you transmit over networks that we do not control, including the internet and wireless networks.
Information Collected by Others
Bralco Metal’s website may offer links to other websites, which may have information policies and practices that are different from ours. This notice addresses only Bralco Metal’s website policy, and does not apply to websites that users access via links from our site. Bralco Metals is not responsible for the information collecting policies of other websites, for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, or for the information or content contained therein. Often, links to other websites are provided solely on the basis that they may contain useful information for our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Updating, Correcting, Accessing, and Deleting Personal Information
If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an email to sales@bralco.com with “Remove Personal Information” in the subject line and we will respond to your request within a timely manner.
Consent and Periodic Policy Changes
By using this Site, you consent to our collection and use of personal information you choose to provide to us. Bralco Metals reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update this policy, and any such modifications, alterations, or updates will be effective upon posting. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of Bralco Metals and is effective as of January 1, 2020 and may be modified from time to time.
Contact Us
Bralco Metals
15090 Northam Street, La Mirada, CA 90638
Phone: 1-714-736-4800
Fax:       1-714-736-4840
Email:    sales@bralco.com
Los Angeles
6:07
Sao Paulo
10:07
London
14:07
Beijing
21:07
Tokyo
22:07
Melbourne
23:07
AboutAluminumStainless SteelCopper, Brass, Bronze & BerylliumSpecialty MetalsAerospaceDefenseHeavy IndustryTransportationEnergyMedicalElectronicsRecreationLevelingSlittingShearingPrecision SawingWaterjetOther ProcessesResourcesLocationsContactReliance Steel
&
Aluminum Co.
© 2019 BRALCO Metals® a Division of
Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co., All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Supply Chains Act
site by Beehive