http://beestonreclamation.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Opening Times
Beeston Reclamation is a family run business with over 20 years in reclaimed & building materials
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Navigation
History
Other Services
Something to Sell?
Meet the Team
Delivery
Blog
Opening Times
Contact Us
CONTACT US
Visit Us
Beeston Reclamation
The Old Coal Yard
Whitchurch Road
Beeston
Cheshire
CW6 9NJ
01829 260 299
info@beestonreclamation.co.uk
×
Price:
Actual Price:
Add to Cart
Our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price."
As a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page.
You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.
Our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price."
As a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page.
You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Beeston Reclamation uses and
protects any information that you give Beeston Reclamation when
you use this website.
Beeston Reclamation is committed to ensuring that your privacy
is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which
you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured
that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Beeston Reclamation may change this policy from time to time
by updating this page. You will be informed via email if any changes are
made to this policy. This policy is effective from July 2010.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you
with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
We may periodically send promotional email about new products,
special offers or other information which we think you may find
interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you
for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or
mail.
We may use the information to customise the website according to
your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In
order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place
suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and
secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used.
This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our
website in order to tailor it to customer needs.
Controlling your personal information
If no longer wish to receive updates on the products and services
that we offer then please send an email from that address to admin@beestonreclamation.co.uk with the word ‘unsubscribe’ in the subject.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to
third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to
do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional
information about third parties which we think you may find interesting
if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about
you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If
you would like a copy of the information held on you please email admin@beestonreclamation.co.uk
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect
or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the
above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be
incorrect.
Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
Company
History
Other Services
Something to Sell?
Meet the Team
Building Materials
Delivery
Privacy Policy
Blog
Opening Times
Contact Us
Connect With Us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
© Beeston Reclamation. All Rights Reserved. Beeston Reclamation is a trading style of Global Reclamation Group Ltd | Registered office: Carnoustie House, Kelvin Close, Warrington, WA3 7PB