https://beggars.com/prpolicy
Beggars Group Limited Press and Media Relations Privacy Notice
Beggars Group Limited (and our group companies, details of which can be found here) are committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information.
This privacy notice describes how we collect and use personal information about our media contacts, in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Beggars Group Limited is a "data controller". This means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal information about you. We are required under data protection legislation to notify you of the information contained in this privacy notice.
Data Protection Principles
We will comply with data protection law. This says that the personal information we hold about you must be:
1.	Used lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way.
2.	Collected only for valid purposes that we have clearly explained to you and not used in any way that is incompatible with those purposes.
3.	Relevant to the purposes we have told you about and limited only to those purposes.
4.	Accurate and kept up to date.
5.	Kept only as long as necessary for the purposes we have told you about.
6.	Kept securely.
The Kind of Information We Hold About You
Personal data or personal information, means any information about any individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We will collect, store, and use the following categories of personal information about you:
•	Professional contact details such as name, title, business address, telephone numbers and email address.
•	The publication or company you work for and your title.
•	Social media handles (if relevant).
We do not envisage that we will hold any "special categories" of more sensitive personal information about you.
How Is Your Personal Information Collected?
We collect personal information about our media contacts directly from you when you contact us; from publicly available third-party sources, such as your publication’s or company’s website or any public profiles that you maintain.
How We Use Information About You
We will only use your personal information when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal information where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. Our legitimate interests are to promote our latest signings and upcoming releases in order to grow awareness of our labels and artists. We do this by updating you with information about our artists, our upcoming releases and gigs, inviting you to events, showcases, gigs, launch parties etc. and providing you with related information that we think may be of interest to you considering your role in the industry.
We will only use your personal information for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal information without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Information About Criminal Convictions
We do not envisage that we will hold information about criminal convictions.
Automated Decision-Making
Automated decision-making takes place where an electronic system uses personal information to make a decision without human intervention. We do not envisage that any decisions will be taken about you using automated means, however we will notify you in writing if this position changes.
Data Sharing
We may have to share your data with third parties, including third party service providers and other entities in the group. We require third parties to respect the security of your data and to treat it in accordance with the law.
1.	Why Might You Share My Personal Information with Third Parties?
We will share your personal information with third parties where required by law, where it is necessary to administer the working relationship with you or where we have another legitimate interest in doing so.
2.	Which Third Party Service Providers Process My Personal Information?
"Third parties" includes third party service providers (including contractors and designated agents) and other entities within our group. The following third party service providers process personal information about you for the following purposes:
•	Mail Chimp – sending you press releases/announcements. You can unsubscribe at any time.
•	Airtable – as a database to store our press contacts.
•	PromoJukebox
- sending you updates and our digital products.
3.	How Secure Is My Information with Third Parties?
All our third party service providers and other entities in the group are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information in line with our policies. We do not allow our third party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes. We only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
4.	When Might You Share My Personal Information with Other Entities in the Group?
We may share your professional contact information with the PR team within one of our other labels in the Group where, considering your role and expertise in the industry, we think you will want to receive updates about similar artists.
5.	What About Other Third Parties?
We will not share your personal information with other third parties without your express consent.
Data Security
We have put in place measures to protect the security of your information. Details of these measures are available upon request.
Third parties will only process your personal information on our instructions and where they have agreed to treat the information confidentially and to keep it secure.
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal information to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal information on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data Retention
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Rights of Access, Correction, Erasure and Restriction
Your Duty to Inform Us of Changes
It is important that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal information changes during your working relationship with us.
Your Rights in Connection with Personal Information
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
1.	Request access ("data subject access request") - this enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
2.	Request corrections - this enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
3.	Request erasure - this enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
4.	Object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
5.	Request the restriction of processing - this enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy of the reason for processing it.
6.	Request the transfer of your personal information to another party.
If you want to review, verify, correct or request erasure of your personal information, object to the processing of your personal data, or request that we transfer a copy of your personal information to another party, please contact [email protected].
No Fee Usually Required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
What We May Need from You
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is another appropriate security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
Right to Withdraw Consent
In the limited circumstances where you may have provided your consent to the collection, processing and transfer of your personal information for a specific purpose, you have the right to withdraw your consent for that specific processing at any time. To withdraw your consent, please contact [email protected]. Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer process your information for the purpose or purposes you originally agreed to, unless we have another legitimate basis for doing so in law.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to update this privacy notice at any time, and we will provide you with a new privacy notice when we make any substantial updates. We may also notify you in other ways from time to time about the processing of your personal information.