http://beggars.com/cookiepolicy
Beggars Group Cookie Policy
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small file, typically of letters and numbers, downloaded on to a device when the user accesses certain websites.
Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Why do we use cookies?
Cookies help us to improve our websites and deliver a better and more personalised service, allowing us to recognise you when you subsequently visit our sites. You may refuse to accept cookies by activating settings on your interest browser, however by selecting such settings, certain parts of our sites may not work properly.
What information do we collect?
The information we collect may include IP addresses, browser version, number of visits, length of visit, which pages you access, your viewing preferences and where in the world you have viewed the particular website from.
What categories of cookies do we use on our website?
Google Analytics – These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our websites. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited. Click here to read Google’s overview of privacy and safeguarding data.
Use of web beacons
Some of our web pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons, among other things, that allow us to count users who have visited these pages. Web beacons collect only limited information including a cookie number, time and date of a page view and a description of the page on which the web page resides. We may also carry web beacons placed by third party advertisers (for example, Gupta Media LLC). These beacons do not carry any personally identifiable information. They are used to track the effectiveness of a particular campaign and allow us to market to visitors who have shown an interest in one of our bands or labels by visiting their website.
Changing your cookie settings
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Please note that if you continue to browse the site, you will be considered to have agreed to our use of cookies.
Other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites that are outside our control and are not covered by this privacy and cookie policy. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect and process information from you in a way that is different to how we do so.
Changes to our privacy and cookie policy
We may modify, alter or otherwise update this privacy and cookie policy at any time. We will indicate any changes by updating the date at the top of the policy and contacting you as appropriate. We encourage you to review this policy from time to time.