https://belle-isle.com/terms-and-conditions/
WinterGetaways
CastleAccommodation
Courtyard &Cottages
SpecialOffers
Belle IsleBistro
Weddings
Activities
GiftVouchers
Contact
Terms & Conditions
1. CHECK IN/DEPARTURE
Check in is available from 3 pm on the day of arrival and a checkout is 10 am on the day of departure. Early check-in/late checkout available by strict appointment with the Accommodation Manager only.
2. SEASONS
Belle Isle offers accommodation on a seasonal basis, being high season, mid season and low season. Dates of each season in 2017 are as follows:-
High: 2nd June  31st August, & 19th Dec  2nd Jan
Mid: 3rd March  1st June, & 1st September  26th October
Low: 3rd January  2nd March, & 27th October  18th December
3. VAT
All accommodation prices include VAT at 20% or whatever the prevailing rate of VAT is at the point of booking.
4. DEPOSITS
At the point of booking, a deposit of 100 is required in order to confirm the booking. Where the value of the booking is less than 100, the full value of the booking will be payable in order to secure the booking.
The balance is payable upon arrival or by other prior arrangement with the Accommodation Manager.
Where bookings are made on line an email confirmation will follow. Where bookings are made by telephone, a letter of confirmation will be issued.
Guests are requested to behave in a respectful manner in consideration of other guests and to keep their properties clean and tidy at all times.
5. PRICING
The cost of your stay includes all heating and lighting, bed linen and towels.
A cleaning service can be provided at extra costs. Pets are allowed, however guests are required to keep pets under control at all times due to the fact that Belle Isle is a working Estate with livestock and game within close vicinity at all times.
The cost of any damage caused will be charged to the guest once the cost of the damage has been quantified.
In relation to Belle Isle Castle, a damage deposit of 500 will also be taken in addition to the non-refundable deposit of 500 which is required to secure your booking. Only in the case where damage has been sustained will the damage deposit be retained, and in all cases only the value of the damage will be excluded from the deposit. Where the damage exceeds 500 the client will be responsible for meeting the balance in full.
6. WEDDINGS
Where accommodation is taken in relation to a wedding, the wedding party will be required to sign a separate Wedding Contract. However, all Terms and Conditions pertaining to accommodation as set out in this document will still apply to all guests staying across all accommodation.
7. CANCELLATIONS
Any cancellations made more than 42 days prior to arrival will incur a 50 administrative charge.
Any cancellations made within 42 days will incur cost depending on the notice given which are as follows:-
4-6 weeks prior to arrival  50% of the booking charged
2-4 weeks prior to arrival  75% of the booking charged
Less than two weeks prior to arrival  100% of the booking charged
We recommend that guests should purchase travel insurance in order to cover any unexpected changes to their plans as cancellation charges may be covered by the terms of their insurance.
Newsletter Sign Up
Be the first to hear about our latest news and special offers.Name*
First
Last
Email
Privacy Policy*Please tick to consent to your data being stored and for us to respond in line with the guidelines set out in our Privacy Policy
Yes, that's okay
Sign Up To Our Newsletter
Belle Isle Estate
4.7
Based on 186 reviews
Bridget Campbell 22:39 23 Nov 20
We will definitely be back to stay in Beech Cottage. It was lovely and spacious for 4 adults and a dog. I would have...
given it 5* rating had there been a washing machine and a bigger fridge freezer. However we were offered the option of putting food in
a freezer elsewhere but we could not get there in time to do this.We were staying for the week during Covid 19 semi lockdown so I was not wanting to visit supermarkets. Lots of lovely walks here and at NT properties near by etc. However we did enjoy 2 evening meals from their very own bistro delivered to the door. I cannot complain. We loved the place and will be back with dog. It was very warm and clean. The staff were very friendly. Thank you.read more
James Ferguson 09:15 17 Sep 20
There were four adults and we never felt on top of each other, loads of room. A double room and a room with 2 single...
beds and 3 bathrooms, 1 with a bath and 1 with a shower, the other a downstairs toilet. Although I thought the shower to be very compact. It's well equipped with everything you need for your stay.It's about 10 mins drive into Enniskillen so handy for tescos and asda and bars and restaurants although a bistro is on site.It's a very beautiful area with loads to do and explore.I will be booking again at some point as I really thought it was great.read more
Brian Moffatt 10:39 13 Sep 20
We have stayed a few times before and it
has been a always a great experience although this time we were a little...
disappointed.We were booked into the Rowan Cottage but a letter on the reception noticeboard (not open on a Sunday) stated we were in the Bridge House with appropriate directions.We unpacked everything and had just settled in when another client arrived and informed us that we should be in the Rowan Cottage not Bridge House.They had been in touch with the management and confirmed this so we packed everything up and unpacked again at Rowan Cottage.Other than that and a few blown light bulbs the stay was fine.read more
David Horn 09:13 31 Aug 20
Beautiful estate with really well appointed self catering cottages. Great food at the bistro onsite too. Highly...
recommendedread more
Richard Barr 23:36 07 Aug 20
A wonderful 2 days at Belle Isle Estate with our family. Excellent accommodation space, warm, clean and well equipped....
Lovely place. Will definitely be back.read more
Clare Hughes 13:37 04 Aug 20
Thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Belle Isle.
Apartment was lovely with high hygiene standards.
Peaceful setting. Belle...
Isle is set in beautiful grounds - plenty to do in the local area.
We ate every night at the Bistro in the grounds of Belle Isle - food was delicious every night. Thoroughly enjoyed our stay.read more
Next Reviews
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Belle isle Estate and Private Island, Lisbellaw, Enniskillen, BT94 5HG, +44 (0) 286 638 7231
 Belle Isle Estate, 2020
*/
?>