https://bellracing.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
Menu
Products
Categories
Helmets
Shop By Surface & Activity
Dirt
Sprint Car / Midget
Late Model / Modified / Stock
Off Road
Rally
Karting
Pavement
Open Wheel / Formula
Sports Car
Stock Car
Karting
Drag
Water
Boat
Shop By
Series
Advanced
Carbon
Pro
Sport
Custom
Activity
Open Wheel
Sports Car
Stock Car
Drag
Sprint Car / Midget
Late Model / Modified / Stock
Off Road
Rally
Karting
Boat
Accessories
Featured
All Accessories
View All Accessories
Aero
Air Intake
Apparel
Bags
Decals
Forced Air
Head & Neck (HANS)
Peak
Pivot Kit
Radio
Replacement Kits
Rubber Profile
Shield
Skirts/Seals
Tearoff
Tools
Apparel
Featured
All Apparel
View All Apparel
Shirts
Hats
Replicas
Featured
All Replicas
View All Replicas
Full Size
Mini Helmets
Display Cases
Close Out
Support
How To Fit A Helmet
Helmet Sizing Chart
Helmet Care/Maintenance
Shield Install/Cleaning
Regulations
Customer Service
Brand Ambassadors
Athletes
Dealers
Painters
Partners
Innovations
Product Evolution
Product Innovations
Blog
About Bell
Who We Are
Brand Story
Support
How To Fit A Helmet
Helmet Sizing Chart
Helmet Care/Maintenance
Shield Install/Cleaning
Regulations
Customer Service
Contact US
Account
Home
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy Statement
Bell Racing USA LLC respects your right to privacy and it is a matter of great importance. We are committed to implementing the procedures and technology necessary to safeguard your information.
Bell Racing USA LLC collects personal information necessary for completing a purchase transaction including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and payment information. Bell Racing USA LLC also provides the opportunity for customers to opt-in to receive additional e-mails with information regarding Bell Racing products. Any information collected on the Bell Racing USA site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold or disclosed to other parties.
Please contact us at 800-237-2700 or e-mail info@bellracing.com if you have any questions or need additional information.
Privacy Policy
Personal Information
When you interact with us, we automatically receive and store certain types of information, such as the content you view, the date and time that you view this content, the products you purchase, or your location information associated with your IP address. We use the information we collect to serve you more relevant advertisements (referred to as "Retargeting"). This is statistical information used to monitor the usage of our website and for advertising purposes. This information does not include personal information.
Photos & Submitted Information
When you post, or submit any content (including photos, videos or text) to Bell Racing USA to share publicly through the news section of the website, social media or other means, you acknowledge that you are the owner of this material, are submitting with express consent of the owner of the material and that you are 18 years of age or older.
By submitting material, you are granting Bell Racing and anyone authorized by Bell Racing a royalty free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to use, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, distribute, and/or publicly perform or display such material, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium, now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose. By submitting information to Bell Racing you warrant and represent the use of the content will not violate or infringe upon the trademark, tradename, copyright, artistic, and/or other rights of any third-party and the consent of no other person or entity is required.
Bell Racing reserves the right to reject or remove any submitted materials that are not in compliance with the above policy. If you are a copyright owner and believe someone has submitted material to Bell Racing that constitutes a copyright infringement, please e-mail info@bellracing.com.
Cookies
As you browse bellracing.com, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our display advertising partner, AdRoll, then enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with bellracing.com. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number. You can visit this page to opt out of AdRoll and their partners' targeted advertising.
Security
We implement a secure processing server on our site when collecting information to ensure a high level of security for your personal information entered such as bank details and credit card information.
Get a Quote for
Customer Name
Customer Email
Phone Number
Comment
Submit
Would you like to save this store view for the next visit?
YES
NO