https://belle-isle.com/privacy-policy/
WinterGetaways
CastleAccommodation
Courtyard &Cottages
SpecialOffers
Belle IsleBistro
Weddings
Activities
GiftVouchers
Contact
Privacy Policy
We are committed to ensuring the best standards of practice in all our activities. Visitors to our website can be assured that the protection of privacy and confidentiality are given the highest priority. All personal information is collected, held and used in strict compliance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Information Collected
We do not collect any personal information from visitors to our website other than information that is knowingly and voluntarily given. Anonymous information is collected, such as the number of visitors to the website in a given period or details of properties and dates selected for online bookings, but it is purely statistical and cannot be used to identify an individual user. Cookies are not used to collect any other information from visitors to the website. Visitors interested in requesting more information can provide contact details via a fill-in form. Visitors cannot be contacted unless such information is given. Visitors are also invited to give additional company information but a decision not to do so does not affect any subsequent negotiations or discussions.
Use of Information
The information collected will be used to contact you with further details of our current activities or to send details of future initiatives or events. It may also be used for research purposes. You can inform us at any time if you no longer require such information to be sent.
If you provide your email address to us, you agree that we may send information to you by email in relation to our Services and in relation to any new services, initiatives or events. You will have the opportunity to unsubscribe from any such emails at any time.
We will share your details with our booking system, SuperControl for the purpose of them delivering their service to us. For example, they provide a verified reviews service called UpFrontReviews and we may ask them to send you an email invitation to submit a review about your stay. We will NEVER sell your details to any third party. You consent to us providing your details to SuperControl in this way. You will have the opportunity to unsubscribe from any such emails at any time.
Data Security
We take appropriate measures to safeguard the information we hold from unauthorised access or improper use. Our database is stored in a secure, password protected location. Only users authorised by us have access to this data.
Integrity of Data
We take all reasonable measures to ensure that the information we hold is accurate. In particular, we use reliable collection methods and destroy or convert to an anonymous form, any out-of-date data. Individuals may request details of all personal information held by us so as to contest inaccurate or incomplete data, verify the information and have it corrected as appropriate.
Children
Our website is not targeted at children but in any event personal information will not knowingly be collected from children under fourteen years without parental consent.
Enforcement
Any queries relating to our collection or use of personal information should be addressed to info@belle-isle.com.
Newsletter Sign Up
Be the first to hear about our latest news and special offers.Name*
First
Last
Email
Privacy Policy*Please tick to consent to your data being stored and for us to respond in line with the guidelines set out in our Privacy Policy
Yes, that's okay
Sign Up To Our Newsletter
Belle Isle Estate
4.7
Based on 186 reviews
Bridget Campbell 22:39 23 Nov 20
We will definitely be back to stay in Beech Cottage. It was lovely and spacious for 4 adults and a dog. I would have...
given it 5* rating had there been a washing machine and a bigger fridge freezer. However we were offered the option of putting food in
a freezer elsewhere but we could not get there in time to do this.We were staying for the week during Covid 19 semi lockdown so I was not wanting to visit supermarkets. Lots of lovely walks here and at NT properties near by etc. However we did enjoy 2 evening meals from their very own bistro delivered to the door. I cannot complain. We loved the place and will be back with dog. It was very warm and clean. The staff were very friendly. Thank you.read more
James Ferguson 09:15 17 Sep 20
There were four adults and we never felt on top of each other, loads of room. A double room and a room with 2 single...
beds and 3 bathrooms, 1 with a bath and 1 with a shower, the other a downstairs toilet. Although I thought the shower to be very compact. It's well equipped with everything you need for your stay.It's about 10 mins drive into Enniskillen so handy for tescos and asda and bars and restaurants although a bistro is on site.It's a very beautiful area with loads to do and explore.I will be booking again at some point as I really thought it was great.read more
Brian Moffatt 10:39 13 Sep 20
We have stayed a few times before and it
has been a always a great experience although this time we were a little...
disappointed.We were booked into the Rowan Cottage but a letter on the reception noticeboard (not open on a Sunday) stated we were in the Bridge House with appropriate directions.We unpacked everything and had just settled in when another client arrived and informed us that we should be in the Rowan Cottage not Bridge House.They had been in touch with the management and confirmed this so we packed everything up and unpacked again at Rowan Cottage.Other than that and a few blown light bulbs the stay was fine.read more
David Horn 09:13 31 Aug 20
Beautiful estate with really well appointed self catering cottages. Great food at the bistro onsite too. Highly...
recommendedread more
Richard Barr 23:36 07 Aug 20
A wonderful 2 days at Belle Isle Estate with our family. Excellent accommodation space, warm, clean and well equipped....
Lovely place. Will definitely be back.read more
Clare Hughes 13:37 04 Aug 20
Thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Belle Isle.
Apartment was lovely with high hygiene standards.
Peaceful setting. Belle...
Isle is set in beautiful grounds - plenty to do in the local area.
We ate every night at the Bistro in the grounds of Belle Isle - food was delicious every night. Thoroughly enjoyed our stay.read more
Next Reviews
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Belle isle Estate and Private Island, Lisbellaw, Enniskillen, BT94 5HG, +44 (0) 286 638 7231
 Belle Isle Estate, 2020
*/
?>