https://belle-isle.com/cookie-policy/
WinterGetaways
CastleAccommodation
Courtyard &Cottages
SpecialOffers
Belle IsleBistro
Weddings
Activities
GiftVouchers
Contact
Cookie Policy
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. The information below explains the cookies we use and why:
Universal Analytics (Google)
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website and WordPress blog. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website and blog, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited. Read Googles overview of privacy and safeguarding data.
YouTube cookies
We embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTubes privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode. Read more at YouTubes embedding videos information page.
Facebook Cookies
We have embedded our facebook widget on the website. To find out more about these cookies you can find out here.
How do I change my cookie settings?
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visitwww.aboutcookies.orgorwww.allaboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Newsletter Sign Up
Be the first to hear about our latest news and special offers.Name*
First
Last
Email
Privacy Policy*Please tick to consent to your data being stored and for us to respond in line with the guidelines set out in our Privacy Policy
Yes, that's okay
Sign Up To Our Newsletter
Belle Isle Estate
4.7
Based on 186 reviews
Bridget Campbell 22:39 23 Nov 20
We will definitely be back to stay in Beech Cottage. It was lovely and spacious for 4 adults and a dog. I would have...
given it 5* rating had there been a washing machine and a bigger fridge freezer. However we were offered the option of putting food in
a freezer elsewhere but we could not get there in time to do this.We were staying for the week during Covid 19 semi lockdown so I was not wanting to visit supermarkets. Lots of lovely walks here and at NT properties near by etc. However we did enjoy 2 evening meals from their very own bistro delivered to the door. I cannot complain. We loved the place and will be back with dog. It was very warm and clean. The staff were very friendly. Thank you.read more
James Ferguson 09:15 17 Sep 20
There were four adults and we never felt on top of each other, loads of room. A double room and a room with 2 single...
beds and 3 bathrooms, 1 with a bath and 1 with a shower, the other a downstairs toilet. Although I thought the shower to be very compact. It's well equipped with everything you need for your stay.It's about 10 mins drive into Enniskillen so handy for tescos and asda and bars and restaurants although a bistro is on site.It's a very beautiful area with loads to do and explore.I will be booking again at some point as I really thought it was great.read more
Brian Moffatt 10:39 13 Sep 20
We have stayed a few times before and it
has been a always a great experience although this time we were a little...
disappointed.We were booked into the Rowan Cottage but a letter on the reception noticeboard (not open on a Sunday) stated we were in the Bridge House with appropriate directions.We unpacked everything and had just settled in when another client arrived and informed us that we should be in the Rowan Cottage not Bridge House.They had been in touch with the management and confirmed this so we packed everything up and unpacked again at Rowan Cottage.Other than that and a few blown light bulbs the stay was fine.read more
David Horn 09:13 31 Aug 20
Beautiful estate with really well appointed self catering cottages. Great food at the bistro onsite too. Highly...
recommendedread more
Richard Barr 23:36 07 Aug 20
A wonderful 2 days at Belle Isle Estate with our family. Excellent accommodation space, warm, clean and well equipped....
Lovely place. Will definitely be back.read more
Clare Hughes 13:37 04 Aug 20
Thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Belle Isle.
Apartment was lovely with high hygiene standards.
Peaceful setting. Belle...
Isle is set in beautiful grounds - plenty to do in the local area.
We ate every night at the Bistro in the grounds of Belle Isle - food was delicious every night. Thoroughly enjoyed our stay.read more
Next Reviews
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Belle isle Estate and Private Island, Lisbellaw, Enniskillen, BT94 5HG, +44 (0) 286 638 7231
 Belle Isle Estate, 2020
*/
?>