https://benkoproducts.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Youtube
Blogger
Email
Menu
MENUMENUHomeAbout Us
Benko BlogNews & Press ReleasesTestimonialsThe Benko NewsletterOur Privacy Policy
Our Product Lines
Drum / Tote Heaters
Electric Drum Ovens
Single Drum Heater - E1Two Drum Heater - E2Four Drum Heater - E4Eight Drum Heater - E8Eight Drum Vertical Heater - EV8Twelve Drum Heater - E12Sixteen Drum Heater - E16Twenty-Four Drum Heater - E24Thirty-Two Drum Heater - E32Zero Ground Clearance
Two Drum Heater - E02Four Drum Heater - E04Eight Drum Heater - E08Twelve Drum Heater - E012
Steam Drum Ovens
Single Drum Oven - S1Two Drum Oven - S2Four Drum Oven - S4Eight Drum Oven - S8Eight Drum Oven - SV8Twelve Drum Oven - S12Sixteen Drum Oven - S16Twenty-Four Drum Oven - S24Thirty-Two Drum Oven - S32
Single Drum Heater OptionsZero Ground ClearanceDrum Oven Quote RequestDrum Oven FAQ
Industrial Ovens
NEW IR Process Heating OvensNEW IR Paint Stripping OvensBatch OvensConveyor OvensCabinet OvensWalk-In OvensTruck-In OvensPreheat OvensDrum / Tote Warming OvensCuring OvensDrying OvensIndustrial Oven Quote Request
Industrial Furnaces
Car Bottom FurnaceBox FurnacesDie Preheaters (Die Furnaces)Mega Block Lining SystemAir Preheaters (Chamber heaters)Industrial Furnaces & Kilns Quote Request
Industrial Refrigerators
Industrial Cooler Quote Request
Environmental Products
Chemical Storage BuildingsChemical Storage CabinetsSpill Containment PalletsEPI Quote Request
Drum Handling Equipment
Drum CrushersMorse Drum HandlingDrum Handling Quote Request
Access & Fall ProtectionIndustrial Safety Gates
Clear-Aisle Safety GatePivot Style Safety GatesClear-Height Safety GateLoading Dock Safety GateSelf-Closing Swing GatesSafety Gate Quote Request
Request a QuoteContact UsSpec Sheets & Manuals
Home » Our Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
Benko Products, Inc. ("us", "we", or "our") operates the BenkoProducts.com and Green-Mfg.com websites (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our website and the choices you have associated with that data.
By using our website, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our website and product offerings to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our website, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
We may also collect information relating to how the website is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our website.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our website.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Benko Products, Inc. uses the collected data for various purposes:
To maintain our website.
To notify you about changes to our website.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our website if/when you choose to do so.
To provide customer care and support.
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the website.
To monitor the usage of our website.
To detect, prevent and address technical issues.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Benko Products, Inc. will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
Benko Products, Inc. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with any legal obligation.
To protect and defend the rights or property of Benko Products, Inc.
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with our website.
To protect the personal safety of users of our website or the public.
To protect against legal liability.
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is ever 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to maintain/facilitate our website ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform website-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our website is used.
These third parties may have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purposes.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our website.
Google AnalyticsGoogle Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our website. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Links To Other Sites
Our website may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's website. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children may have provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via a prominent notice on this page of our website and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email:   info -at- benkoproducts -dot- com.
By phone number:   440-934-2180.
By mail:   5350 Evergreen Parkway Sheffield Village, OH 44054.
Click Here to use our on-page contact form.
See Benko's Product Line
office-sound-masking.com
Benko Products is OPEN FOR BUSINESS
We are considered an essential business by the State of Ohio, we are just changing HOW we do some things to ensure the safety of our team. We have our sales team working remotely, but you can still easily reach them regarding future and current orders. We are maintaining full production to ensure all orders are produced on time for our customers.
As always, feel free to contact us with any questions.
Updated for December 11, 2020
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are OK with it.OkPrivacy policy