https://betterwaydesigns.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
201 W Washington Ave Suite 100 Zeeland, MI 49464
www.betterwaydesigns.org
Tel. (616) 648-0900
Shipping and Delivery Policy
You have entered a “replicated website” of an Independent Consultant (referred to herein as “Freedom Fighter”) for Georges Door LLC dba Better Way Imports dba Better Way Designs. (referred to herein as “Better Way Designs”, “our”, “us” or “we”). This Site is operated by Better Way Designs, and is hosted on Better Way Designs’ server / the server of Better Way Designs’ third-party technology provider. The information you submit on this site is sent to / accessed by Better Way Designs and the Freedom Fighter to whom this Site is assigned (except as set forth in this privacy policy). By visiting this Site and providing information to Better Way Designs you consent to the following privacy policy, use and disclosure of information.
INFORMATION COLLECTION
Better Way Designs is the sole owner of the information collected on our websites and on the replicated Better Way Designs websites that we provide for use by Freedom Fighter (hereafter the “websites”). We collect information from Freedom Fighters, customers and visitors to the websites at different points on the websites.
Personally Identifiable Information
Through your use of or visits to our websites, you may be required or requested to provide personally identifiable information to us. Personally identifiable information is any piece of information that can potentially be used to uniquely identify, contact, or locate a single person including names, addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, social security and tax identification numbers, and credit card or banking information.
Freedom Fighter and Customer Information
In order to become a Freedom Fighter, an applicant must provide biographical and contact information (such as name, mailing address, telephone numbers, and email address) to us. We also require personal information such as an applicant’s Social Security Number or Federal Tax ID Number so that we may prepare and file necessary non-employee compensation forms for the IRS. Freedom Fighters and Customers are required to provide contact information (such as name, mailing address, telephone number(s), and email address). Freedom Fighters and customers are also required to provide payment information (such as credit card, debit card, or checking account information). We use this information to maintain contact with Freedom Fighters and customers, to process Freedom Fighter and customer orders, and for billing purposes.
INFORMATION USE & SHARING
Personally Identifiable Information
Better Way Designs DOES NOT share personally identifiable information except with contracted service providers as may be necessary to: (a) process orders and/or returns and obtain payment; (b) complete an enrollment as a Freedom Fighter or customer. We also provide personally identifiable information: (a) to upline Freedom Fighter(s) as described in the Downline Genealogy Report section; and/or (b) to list the Freedom Fighter on the Company’s Freedom Fighter locator feature on the Company’s website; (c) to assign a sales or enrollment lead to a Freedom Fighter; and/or (d) to governmental agencies as required pursuant to law.
Genealogy Information
As a network marketing company, Better Way Designs provides certain information to Freedom Fighters regarding the other Freedom Fighters and Customers enrolled in a Freedom Fighter’s downline marketing organization. If you enroll as a Freedom Fighter or Customer with Better Way Designs, your name, address, email address, telephone number, and sales volume information will be provided to other Freedom Fighters as downline genealogy information. No other personally identifiable information will be shared with other Freedom Fighters. Information relating to downline Freedom Fighters is made available to Freedom Fighter subject to a confidentiality and non-solicitation covenant in the agreement that each Freedom Fighter enters into with Better Way Designs. However Better Way Designs does not warrant that other Freedom Fighters will adhere to the confidentiality and non-solicitation covenants, and Better Way Designs shall not be responsible for Freedom Fighters’ violation of these covenants.
Sales Information
If you make a purchase from a Freedom Fighter through this Site, we will provide the Freedom Fighter to whom this Site is assigned with your name, contact information, a description of the item(s) purchased, and the sales volume associated with the purchase. No other personally identifiable information will be shared with the Freedom Fighters.
Business Transitions
In the event Better Way Designs goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, the personal information of Freedom Fighters and customers will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. If as a result of the business transition, a Freedom Fighter’s or customer’s personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, the Freedom Fighter or customer will be given choice consistent with our notification of changes section.
Lead Assignment and Freedom Fighter Locater Features
Better Way Designs occasionally will assign prospective sales and new Freedom Fighter leads to Freedom Fighters. In these cases, we will provide the lead with the appropriate Freedom Fighter’s name and contact information and/or provide a distributor with the prospective lead’s name and contact information. In addition, Better Way Designs has a Freedom Fighter Locator feature on its website. Pursuant to this feature, a prospective customer or new Freedom Fighter can locate a nearby Freedom Fighter. In order to make the Freedom Fighter Locator feature and the lead assignments effective, the company will provide the prospective customer or new Freedom Fighter with the Freedom Fighter’s name and contact information, which may include his/her telephone number, address, and/or email address.
Legally Required Law Enforcement, Judicial and Administrative Agency Disclosures
Better Way Designs will provide confidential and personally identifiable information as necessary to comply with judicial and administrative orders, subpoenas, Civil or Criminal Investigative Demands, Administrative and Regulatory Demands and other legal obligations. In order for Better Way Designs to conduct business in certain jurisdictions, Better Way Designs must disclose certain personally identifiable and confidential information to regulatory authorities in such jurisdictions. Such information may include, but is not limited to, income information and personally identifiable information.
COMMUNICATIONS FROM US
Special Offers and Updates
Better Way Designs sends all new Freedom Fighter and Customers a welcoming email. All Freedom Fighters will occasionally receive information on the Better Way Designs business, products, services, special deals, and a newsletter.
Service Announcements
On rare occasions it is necessary to send out a strictly service related announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance we might send Freedom Fighters an email. Generally, Freedom Fighters may not opt-out of these communications, though they can deactivate their account. However, these communications are not promotional in nature.
Freedom Fighter and Customer Service
Better Way Designs communicates with Freedom Fighters via email, regular mail and telephone on a regular basis to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their Freedom business. Better Way Designs communicates with customers with respect to products or services purchased by such customers from Better Way Designs. Such communications may be by email, regular mail or telephone. Better Way Designs also communicates with Freedom Fighters through leaving messages in Freedom Fighters’ Virtual-Offices.
MISCELLANEOUS
Legal Disclaimer
Though Better Way Designs makes every effort to preserve user privacy, Better Way Designs may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a law enforcement action, a subpoena, warrant, court order or legal process served on Better Way Designs, or where such disclosure is legally required (by statute, regulation, or ordinance) in order for Better Way Designs conduct business in certain jurisdictions.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Better Way Designs reserves the right to amend or change this Privacy Policy at any time at its sole discretion. When material changes or amendments are made to the Privacy Policy, we will announce the same in the Virtual-Office for a period of at least 30 days prior to implementation of the amended Privacy Policy.
Links
Better Way Designs’ websites may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Better Way Designs is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by Better Way Designs websites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not knowingly collect any information from anyone under 18 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 18 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Questions
Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to info@betterwaydesigns.org, or by mail to Better Way Designs, 201 W Washington Suite 100 Zeeland, MI, 49464.
Effective Date
The effective date of this Privacy Policy is November 1st, 2018.