https://bfsfcu.org/privacy.html
Skip to Main Content
Privacy
Privacy Statement
Read the Privacy Notice
Bank-Fund Staff Federal Credit Union (BFSFCU) recognizes its responsibility to protect the privacy of personal, nonpublic information our members provide regarding their financial transactions with us. BFSFCU will take all necessary steps to safeguard sensitive information that has been entrusted to us by our members. The purpose of this statement is to set forth the guidelines under which such information may be shared with third parties. It is the intent of BFSFCU to abide by all applicable laws and regulations governing the privacy of member information.
What does BFSFCU do with your personal information?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security Number and account balances.
Credit history and payment history.
Account transactions and checking account information.
When you are no longer our member, we continue to share your information as described in the Privacy Notice.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does BFSFCU share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes — Such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
YES
NO
For our marketing purposes — To offer our products and services to you
YES
NO
For joint marketing with other financial companies
YES
NO
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes — Information about your transactions and experiences
NO
WE DO NOT SHARE
For our affiliates to market to you
NO
WE DO NOT SHARE
For nonaffiliates to market to you
NO
WE DO NOT SHARE
How we protect your personal information
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. Access to information is limited to those employees who have a need to know.
How we collect your personal information
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
Apply for membership
Open an account
Apply for a loan
Use your credit or debit card
We also collect your information from others, such as credit bureaus.
Why can't I limit the information you share?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
Sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
Information Regarding Biometric Data
What is Biometric Data?
Biometric Data is a way to measure physical behaviors and characteristics of a person to verify their identity. Once measured, the biometric data is stored, compared, and matched in a database for identity verification. There are various means by which a person can be uniquely identified by evaluating one or more distinguishing biological traits, such as fingerprints, hand or facial patterns, and voice characteristics.
What biometric data do we collect and how do we use it?
BFSFCU does not share or sell biometric data. BFSFCU does not use biometric data for marketing purposes.
BFSFCU may collect voice characteristics to identify and authenticate you on phone calls. This service is used to improve the member experience and provide increased fraud detection and prevention measures.
BFSFCU only collects and uses this information with your consent when you call us and you have the ability to opt out at any time. For more information regarding this service please see the BFSFCU Voice ID page.
Information Regarding Cookies
What are cookies?
A computer “cookie” is more formally known as a web cookie, an Internet cookie, or a browser cookie. The name is a term for a packet of data that a computer receives, then sends back without changing or altering it. As an example, when you visit a website, the website sends the cookies to your computer and then your computer stores it back in a file located inside your web browser.
Cookies typically fall into the following categories:
First-Party Cookie refers to a Cookie created by the domain of the website the user is visiting.
Third-Party Cookie is a Cookie that is placed by a domain other than that of the website the user is visiting.
Session Cookie is temporary, linking the actions of a user during the any given browser session. When the browser is closed, the cookie is deleted.
How and why we use cookies
BFSFCU does not collect, share, or sell personal data through cookies. BFSFCU does not use cookies for marketing purposes.
BFSFCU and authorized third-party service providers use Cookies on BFSFCU.org and Digital Banking to help us improve your online experience. First-Party and Third-Party cookies are used on BFSFCU.org to enhance visitor experience and Session cookies are used on Digital Banking to recognize the user.
BFSFCU uses data gathered about website activity (e.g., regional data (city, state, country), browser type, IP address, pages visited, the day and time of visit) to recognize past users, to enable you to navigate or use basic functions on BFSFCU.org, or to fill out online applications. We use cookie data to better understand the interests of our website visitors, to improve the website to enhance the visitor experience, and to provide more relevant content both on and off our domains.
How you can manage your cookie preferences
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
Chrome:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647
Edge:
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy
Firefox:
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
Internet Explorer:
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Safari:
https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac
Blocking cookies may impact your user experience on BFSFCU.org and Digital Banking; not all features may be available if cookies are blocked.