https://bgm-cpa.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Your financial and personal privacy is of prime importance to us. We recognize that our relationships with current and prospective clients are based on integrity and trust. As providers of professional services to you, we are committed to maintaining the confidentiality of your personal and financial information, while still being able to provide you with the professional service you have become accustomed. We work hard to maintain your privacy and are very careful to preserve the private nature of our relationship with you. We have described below how we handle your personal information in keeping with our professional standards.
Sources of Nonpublic Personal Information We Collect
We collect nonpublic personal information about you that is provided to us by you directly or obtained by us with your authorization.
Parties to Whom We Disclose Information
For current and former clients, we do not disclose any nonpublic personal information obtained in the course of our practice except as required or permitted by law.
Permitted disclosure of your nonpublic personal information is restricted to employees and other parties who need to know that information to assist us in providing services to you. In all such situations, we stress the confidential nature of information being shared and that they are bound either by our professional standards of confidentiality or nondisclosure agreements where applicable.
Protecting the Confidentiality and Security of Nonpublic Information
We retain records relating to professional services that we provide so that we are better able to assist you with your professional needs and, in some cases, to comply with professional guidelines. In order to guard your nonpublic personal information, we maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with our professional standards.
Website Privacy Policy
www.BGM-CPA.com (the “Website”) was designed and is maintained by Louisville Geek, LLC (“Louisville Geek”) on behalf of Boeckermann Grafstrom & Mayer (the “Company”). The Company has delegated the management and administration of the Website, including its Website Privacy Policy, to Louisville Geek. Louisville Geek is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy is intended to inform you of the information collected by this Website, how Louisville Geek uses that information, and how Louisville Geek protects the personal information you provide.
Website and Data Controller Contact
Louisville Geek, LLC
700 Distillery Commons
Louisville, KY 40206
Email Contact: webadmin@louisvillegeek.com
Cookies and General Privacy Policy
The features of the Website described below use cookies to collect your personal information for the specified purposes described below. Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer, and they are required to make the applications provided by the third-party vendors described below functional. Your web browser may allow you to disable or remove cookies from your personal computer.
Louisville Geek only collects personally identifiable information for the purposes of responding to inquiries initiated by potential clients and requests for service from existing clients. Louisville Geek’s policy is to maintain these requests for a period of five years in order to ensure compliance with subpoenas and other legal process. However, Louisville Geek will not release this information in response to a subpoena or legal process without giving you notice and an opportunity to prevent the release of your personally identifiable information, unless applicable laws of the United States or one of its states gives the issuing authority the right to issue legal process without notice to you. All notices to you will be sent to your last known e-mail address, as provided by you to Louisville Geek.
Except as required to respond to a service request or to comply with government process, Louisville Geek does not process the personally identifiable information you submit as set forth above. Louisville Geek does not collect personally identifiable information unless you initiate a service request. Louisville Geek has also exercised reasonable efforts to ensure that the third-party applications described below do not collect any personally identifiable information from you through Louisville Geek’s website, including by an evaluation of the Terms and Conditions applicable to the third-party application.
Google Analytics
As part of its ongoing efforts to maintain and improve Louisville Geek’s quality of service, the Website uses Google Analytics to obtain general marketing statistics that do not personally identify you in any way. The Google Analytics Terms and Conditions explicitly prohibit Louisville Geek from providing Google with personally identifiable information, and Louisville Geek complies with this requirement by utilizing the application code provided by Google without any modification. The Google Analytics Terms of Service are available at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html, further information regarding Google Analytics’ collection and use of information can be found under the heading “How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services” at https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites, and a sample Google Analytics report is available at https://www.oic.qld.gov.au/__data/assets/pdf_file/0006/7755/other-sample-googleanalytics-report.pdf. Google’s cookie policy can be found at https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies. To ensure compliance with Google’s requirement that personally identifiable information not be submitted to Google Analytics, Louisville Geek has used code supplied by Google.
Gravity Forms
Boeckermann Grafstrom & Mayer’s form submissions page uses an application provided by Gravity Forms. Gravity Forms submits your service requests to Boeckermann Grafstrom & Mayer and provides secure, cloud-based storage used to comply with Louisville Geek’s internal data retention policy. The Gravity Forms Privacy Policy is available at https://www.gravityforms.com/privacy/. Louisville Geek does not use Gravity Forms in any way that would cause Gravity Forms to process your personally identifiable information for any purposes beyond responding to your specific request and for purposes of compliance with valid legal process.
Disclaimer
Although Louisville Geek has exercised reasonable efforts to ensure that its third-party applications do not use your personally identifiable information except as specifically described above, and that the third-party providers of these applications have implemented adequate measures to protect against the disclosure or misuse of your personal information, Louisville Geek does not control and is not responsible for the actions or omissions of these third parties. If you have reason to believe a third-party application used by Louisville Geek has resulted in the disclosure of your personally identifiable information, please notify Louisville Geek immediately using the contact information above, and Louisville Geek will exercise reasonable efforts to assist you with the process of raising your concerns to the third-party vendor or to an appropriate enforcement authority.
Boeckermann Grafstrom & Mayer
4470 W. 78th St. Circle, Suite 200
Bloomington, MN 55435
(952) 844-2500
332 Minnesota Street, Suite W900
St Paul, MN 55101
(651) 227-9431
512 Main Street South
Sauk Centre, MN 56378
(952) 844-2518
999 Vanderbilt Beach Road, Suite 200
Naples, FL 34108
(239) 325-5045
100 Fillmore Street, 5th Floor
Denver, CO 80206
(303) 651-0304
1714 Duchess Drive
Longmont, CO 80501
(303) 651-0304
Scroll to top