http://bidorkwongheng.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement:
Officers, management, and members of the staff of Bidor Kwong Heng Sdn. Bhd. (hereinafter referred to as “BKH”)shall, at all times, respect the confidentiality of and endeavor to keep safe any and all personal data collected and/or stored and/or transmitted and/or used for, or on behalf of, BKH.
For the purpose of carrying on BKH’s business, including registration and administration of BKH’s web site and related products and services (including relevant online services), you may be requested to provide personal data such as, but not limited to, the following, without which it may not be possible to satisfy your request:
Your name;
Contact details, including contact name and telephone number or email address. In some instances, you may also be requested to provide certain data that may be used to further improve our products and services and/or better tailor the type of information presented to you. In most cases, this type of data is optional although, where the requested services is a personalized service, or provision of a product or dependent on your providing all requested data, failure to provide the requested data may prevent us from providing the services to you. 3.BKH’s web servers may also collect data relating to your online session, the use of which is to provide aggregated anonymous, statistical information on the server’s usage so that we may better meet the demands and expectations of visitors to our sites. This type of data may include, but is not limited to:
The browser type and version;
Operating System; and
The IP address and/or domain name.
Retention of Personal Data
BKH will destroy any personal data it may hold in accordance with our internal retention policy. The policy states that:
Personal data will only be retained for as long as is necessary to fulfill the original or directly related purpose for which it was collected, unless the personal data is also retained to satisfy any applicable statutory or contractual obligations; and
Personal data are purged from BKH’s electronic, manual, and other filing system in accordance with specific schedules based on the above criteria and BKH’s internal procedures.
Disclosure of Personal Data
All personal data held by BKH will be kept confidential but BKH may, where such disclosure is necessary to satisfying the purpose, or a directly related purpose, for which the data was collected to provide such information to the following parties:
Any subsidiaries, holding companies, associated companies, or affiliates of, or companies controlled by, or under common control with BKH;
Any person or company who is acting for or on behalf of BKH, or jointly with BKH, in respect of the purpose or a directly related purpose for which the data was provided;
Any other person or company who is under a duty of confidentiality to BKH and has undertaken to keep such information confidential, provided such person or company has a legitimate right to such information; and
Personal data may also be disclosed to any person or persons that have the right to gain access to such information provided they are able to prove their authority to access such information. For example, if BKH were served with a court order demanding certain customer information, then BKH would disclose the information to the duly appointed officer of the court or such other personas as the court orders.
Transfer of Personal Data Outside of Malaysia
At times it may be necessary and/or prudent for BKH to transfer certain personal data to places outside of Malaysia in order to carry out the purposes, or directly related purposes, for which the personal data were collected.
Security of Personal Data
Physical records containing personal data are securely stored in locked areas and/or containers when not in use.
Computer data are stored on computer systems and storage media to which access id strictly controlled and/or are located within restricted areas.
Access to records and data without appropriate management authorization are strictly prohibited. Authorizations are granted only on a “need to know” basis that is commensurate with an individual’s BKH responsibilities and their training.
Records of BKH are under the control of assigned information officers who are responsible to ensure the transfer of or access to information is legitimate.
Audit records may be produced to validate data modifications in order to verify the data’s integrity.
There may be violations logging processes for investigation of any unauthorized attempt to access information.
Encryption technology, such as SSL, may be employed for the transmission of data collected online.
Copyright ©2009-2019 Bidor Kwong Heng Sdn Bhd. All Rights Reserved.  Terms and Conditions | Privacy Statement | Contact Us