https://billsmachinesvc.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyLisa Olivares2019-10-22T14:55:17-06:00
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice for www.billsmachinesvc.com
Welcome to the billsmachinesvc.com. Bill’s Machine Service, Inc.  has created this privacy notice to describe our policy regarding privacy for our web site users and our customers. The following paragraphs disclose our information gathering and dissemination practices. Bill’s Machine Service knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. By visiting billsmachinesvc.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice. The privacy statement may change at any time; any changes will be posted on this page. Should you have additional questions, comments or concerns please contact us:
Our postal address is: PO Box 482; New Carlisle, OH 45344USA.
E-Mail Privacy
Your e-mail address will only be used within BILLSMACHINESVC.COM and its entities and as further described in this Notice. We do not sell or rent e-mail addresses to anyone outside Bill’s Machine Service except as otherwise described in this Notice. If you wish to be removed from our e-mail mailings, please email at optout@billsmachinesvc.com.
E-mail Information Gathered by Bill’s Machine Service, Inc.
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at BILLSMACHINESVC.COM.  Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. Examples of the information we gather are collected on this page. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use “cookies,” and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses BILLSMACHINESVC.COM or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of BILLSMACHINESVC.COM on other Web sites.
E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from BILLSMACHINESVC.COM if your computer supports such capabilities. We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please let us know and refrain from visiting BILLSMACHINESVC.COM.
Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.
For some e-mails distributed by BILLSMACHINESVC.COM and related entities, specific information on recipient response is collected. For example, we sometimes review how many recipients open and subsequently choose to click through to links provided in an e-mail. We use this information for the purposes of analyzing areas of interest, improving our products and enhancing the usefulness of our website for BILLSMACHINESVC.COM customers and other visitors. Except as otherwise described herein, no specific user information is sold or distributed outside of BILLSMACHINESVC.COM  in any manner, although summary data — not releasing specific email addresses or customer names — may be released to third parties.
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described herein and with subsidiaries BILLSMACHINESVC.COM controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Specific Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide most such information when you search, buy, post, participate in a contest or questionnaire, or communicate with customer service. For example, you provide information when you search for a product; place an order through BILLSMACHINESVC.COM and provide us information; communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise; complete a questionnaire;  participate in product reviews or other community features. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers; credit card information; people to whom purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone number; people (with addresses and phone numbers) listed in shortcut settings; e-mail addresses of people; content of e-mails to us; personal description and financial information.
Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform; purchase history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create various features; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for; and the phone number you used to call our phone number. We may also use browser data such as cookies, Flash cookies (also known as Flash Local Shared Objects), or similar data on certain parts of our Web site for fraud prevention and other purposes. During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily; account information, purchase or redemption information, and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical, fulfillment, advertising, or other services; search term and search result information from some searches conducted through the Web search features offered by our subsidiaries; search results and links, including paid listings; and credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers.
Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control: We work closely with affiliated businesses. When we are working with a third party on a transaction, we share customer information related to those transactions with that third party.
Third-Party Service Providers: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These parties have access to personal information needed to perform their functions.
Promotional Offers: Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of BILLSMACHINESVC.COM customers on behalf of other businesses. If you do not want to receive such offers, please let us know by emailing optout@billsmachinesvc.com and we will take your off our lists.
Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that BILLSMACHINESVC.COM, or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of BILLSMACHINESVC.COM and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of BILLSMACHINESVC.COM, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
With Your Consent: Other than as set out herein, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using software which is intended to protect the information you input.
We reveal only the last digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites?
Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other Web sites. We do not provide any personally identifiable customer information to these advertisers or third-party Web sites except as provided herein.
These third-party Web sites and advertisers, or Internet advertising companies working on their behalf, sometimes use technology to send (or “serve”) the advertisements that appear on our Web site directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features that they may use, and the information practices of these advertisers and third-party Web sites are not covered by this Privacy Notice. Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices.
BILLSMACHINESVC.COM may also from time to time display personalized third-party advertising based on personal information about customers, such as purchases on BILLSMACHINESVC.COM, visits to BILLSMACHINESVC.COM associated web sites, or use of payment services on other Web sites. Although BILLSMACHINESVC.COM does not provide any personal information to advertisers, advertisers (including ad-serving companies) may assume that users who interact with or click on a personalized advertisement meet their criteria to personalize the ad. If you do not want us to use personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalize advertisements we display to you, please let us know.
BILLSMACHINESVC.COM Support Level Agreement
Bill’s Machine Service’s goal is to provide 100 percent availability of its Internet site(s). We have implemented safeguards and alarms to notify us in the event of loss of Internet connectivity to the backbone and of hardware failures. Even with these safeguards in place, loss of connectivity or hardware failure can still occur. For this reason, BILLSMACHINESVC.COM cannot “guarantee” its Internet connectivity, nor can we be responsible for lost or delayed requests, email, or content.
For questions regarding our web site being down or any related service outage, please send an email to webmaster@BILLSMACHINESVC.COM
Use of Cookies and IP addresses
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. We also use cookies to maintain user session identity, and, in some non-customers areas, to store your username and password locally for ease of access.
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future.
A unique number called an IP address identifies every computer on the Internet. Each time you connect to the Internet your machine is assigned an IP address. An IP address is a number that identifies each sender or receiver of information that is sent in packets across the Internet.
Our site’s registration forms and our credit approval forms require users to give us contact information (like name and email address), method of payment, and demographic information. We use customer contact information from the registration forms to send the user information about our company and for the other purposes described herein. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Information regarding method of payment is collected for customers’ enrollment, registration and to process orders for products and services.
External Links
BILLSMACHINESVC.COM contains links to other external web sites that do not fall under the BILLSMACHINESVC.COM domain. BILLSMACHINESVC.COM is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such external web sites.
E-Commerce
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor’s contact information (like email address) and method of payment. Contact information from the order form is used to process orders, to send information about our company and for the other purposes described herein. User payment information that is collected is used to check the users’ qualifications and bill the user for products and services.
Surveys
Our online surveys ask respondents for contact information (like email address) and demographic information (like zip code, age). We also may use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company and for the other purposes referenced or described in this Notice.
Advertising
We may use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads may be collected by our ad company and are used for advertisement banner rotation and promotional purposes and for any of the other purposes referenced or described in this Notice.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Your Options
As referenced above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of certain BILLSMACHINESVC.COM features.
You can request that BILLSMACHINESVC.COM remove you from certain promotional lists. When you submit such requests, we usually keep a copy of the request and all related information for our records.
If you do not want us to use personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalize advertisements we display to you, please email us at optout@billsmachinesvc.com
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on’s settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of the essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you may not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any products and services that require you to Sign in.
Close product quick view×
You can receive 5% off on all our saw blades.
Enter coupon code: 7jfty6km Dismiss
BMS Newsletter
Subscribe here for updates.
* indicates required
Email Address *
First Name
Last Name
Email Format
html
text
×
0
This website uses cookies and third party services.
Accept
Go to Top