https://binar-silver.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Binar Silver Jewelry Bali
Cart
Call us
Message us
Email us
Binar Silver on Pinterest
Binar Silver on Instagram
Binar Silver on Facebook
Toggle Navigation
Collection
Beads
Bracelets
Brooches
Earrings
Necklaces
Pendants
Rings
Various
Custom design
Wax carving & casting
100% Bali
About Us
Our factory
Our showroom
Testimonials
FAQ
Contact
#inspo
Cart
Search for:
Privacy Policy
More information
Front Page
Exploration.Inspiration.Creation
Our jewelry collection
Custom design jewelry
Wax carving and casting
100% Bali
About Binar Silver
Our factory
Our showroom
Testimonials
FAQ
Contact
Cart
Checkout
My Account
Privacy Policy
Recent posts
Power stone
Colorful season
Less is more
We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us.
This Privacy Policy governs the privacy policies and practices of our Website, located at Binar-Silver.com. Please read our Privacy Policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
We last updated our Privacy Policy on 04 May 2019.
Information We Collect
As a Visitor, you can browse our Website to find out more about our Website. You are not required to provide us with any personal information as a Visitor.
We collect your personal information when you register with us (“User”), when you express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and services, when you participate in activities on our Website Site (such as using our shopping cart) or otherwise contacting us.
Generally, you control the amount and type of information you provide to us when using our Website. The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interaction with us and the Website, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect can include the following:
Name, Email Address and Contact Data
Payment Information. If you choose to checkout from the shopping cart, we collect payment information through our payment processor. All payment information is securely stored by our payment processor and we do not have access to your sensitive information, such as credit card number or security code.
Business Information. If you choose to checkout from the shopping cart, we may ask specific information related to your business in order to process your order.
Automatically Collected Information
When you use our Website, we automatically collect certain computer information by the interaction of your mobile phone or web browser with our Website. Such information is typically considered non-personal information. We also collect the following:
CookiesOur Website uses “Cookies” to identify the areas of our Website that you have visited. A Cookie is a small piece of data stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser. We use Cookies to personalize the Content that you see on our Website. Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of Cookies. However, if you disable Cookies, you may not be able to access functionality on our Website correctly or at all. We never place Personally Identifiable Information in Cookies.
Third Party Tracking ToolsWe also use third party tracking tools to improve the performance and features of our Website. These third party tracking tools are designed to collect only non-personal information about your use of our Website. However, you understand that such tools are created and managed by parties outside our control. As such, we are not responsible for what information is actually captured by such third parties or how such third parties use and protect that information.
Log InformationWe automatically receive information from your web browser or mobile device. This information includes the name of the website from which you entered our Website, if any, as well as the name of the website to which you’re headed when you leave our website. This information also includes the IP address of your computer/proxy server that you use to access the Internet, your Internet Website provider name, web browser type, type of mobile device, and computer operating system. We use all of this information to analyze trends among our Users to help improve our Website.
How and Why We Use Your Personal Information
We use the information we receive from you as follows:
To allow you to make an online order.We use your information to be able to process online orders.
To customizing our Website for your experience.We may use the information you provide to us along with any computer information we receive to customize our Website.
For data aggregation purposesWe retain the right to collect and use any non-personal information collected from your use of our Website and aggregate such data for internal analytics that improve our Website and Service as well as for use or resale to others. At no time is your personally identifiable information included in such data aggregations.
Transfer Of Your Personal Information
Your information, including personal information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your personal information will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Your Personal Information
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your personal information may be transferred. We will provide notice before your personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Retention of Your Personal Information
We will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Information Regarding Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your personal information.
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information, as described in this Privacy Policy, depends on the information we collect and the specific context in which we collect it. We may process your personal information because:
We need to process an order from you, such as when you checkout from the shopping cart
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it’s not overridden by your rights
For payment processing purposes
To comply with the law
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the personal information we have on you
The right of rectification
The right to object
The right of restriction
The right to data portability
The right to withdraw consent
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Website (“Service Providers”), to provide our Website on our behalf, to perform Website-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Website is used. These third-parties have access to your personal information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please read the Google Privacy & Terms.
Shopping cart
While you are using the shopping cart on our site, we’ll track:
Products you’ve viewed: we’ll use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewed
Location, IP address and browser type: we’ll use this for purposes like estimating taxes and shipping
Shipping address: we’ll ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, estimate shipping before you place an order, and send you the order
We’ll also use cookies to keep track of cart contents while you’re browsing our site.
When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:
Send you information about your account and order
Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints
Process payments and prevent fraud
Set up your account for our store
Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes
Improve our store offerings
Send you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them
If you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders.
Payments processors
We provide paid products and/or services on our Website. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council.
We accept payments through PayPal. When processing payments, some of your data will be passed to PayPal, including information required to process or support the payment, such as the purchase total and billing information.
Please see the PayPal Privacy Policy for more details.
Protecting Your Child’s Privacy
Our Website is not designed for use by anyone under the age of 13 (“Child”), though we realize we may have a Child attempt to make purchases through our Website. We do not verify the age of our Users nor do we have any liability for verifying a User’s age. If you are a Child, please seek the permission of a parent or guardian before using our Website. If you are a parent or guardian and believe your Child is using our Website, please contact us to remove your Child’s account; we reserve the right to ask you for verification of your relationship to the Child before we honor such a request. If we discover that a Child has created an account on our Website, we will immediately delete the account as soon as we discover it, we will not use the information for any purpose, and we will not disclose the information to third parties. However, as parent of such a Child, you understand that you are legally liable for any transactions created by the Child.
Links to Third-Party Websites
Our Website may contain links to other websites that are not under our direct control. These websites may have their own policies regarding privacy. We have no control of or responsibility for linked websites and provide these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors. You access such linked Websites at your own risk. These websites are not subject to this Privacy Policy. You should check the privacy policies, if any, of those individual websites to see how the operators of those third-party websites will utilize your personal information. In addition, these websites may contain a link to Websites of our affiliates. The websites of our affiliates are not subject to this Privacy Policy, and you should check their individual privacy policies to see how the operators of such websites will utilize your personal information.
Our Email Policy
We fully comply with national laws regarding SPAM. You can always opt out of receipt of further email correspondence from us. We agree that we will not sell, rent, or trade your email address to any unaffiliated third-party without your permission.
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this policy, we may notify you on our Website, by a blog post, by email, or by any method we determine. The method we chose is at our sole discretion. We will also change the “Last Updated” date at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. Any changes we make to our Privacy Policy are effective as of this Last Updated date and replace any prior Privacy Policies.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Practices or this Policy, please contact us.
=====
Binar Silver: the short story “Peace, Love & Coconuts…and a passion for Jewelry”
We offer unique authentic Balinese silver jewelry: production, wholesale, export, wax carving, casting. custom design, handmade craftsmanship.
We have a jewelry collection of more than 2000 styles, and our own factory and showroom on Bali.
Custom design & prototyping We can produce your custom designed jewelry, from drawing or sketch to sample or prototype!
We can customize any item from our collection, pick anything and modify as you like!
We can personalize jewelry items: for that special person, occasion or unique one-time event!
Tell us about your… …ideas. Or production needs. Or your custom design concept. Or your story. Let’s chat!
…questions. We have some answers ready in our FAQ, for anything else feel free to contact us!
…trip to Bali. Coming to Bali soon? Don’t be a stranger: come see our factory and showroom, meet us, visit us!
Collection
Custom design
About Us
Contact
#inspo
Cart
©	2019
|
Binar Silver Jewelry - Bali
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you accept this policy as long as you are using this websiteXAcceptView Policy