https://biobestlaboratories.co.uk/privacy/
Skip to content
Data Protection & Privacy
Welcome to the Biobest Laboratories Limited Privacy Notice.
1.         Introduction
Biobest Laboratories respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how we collect and process your personal data for users of Biobest Laboratories’ services and visitors to our website.
2.         The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identify has been removed (anonymous data). It does also not include information about businesses (unless that business is a sole trader) and information about animals.
Depending on the type of contract you have with us, we may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity & Contact Data including first name, last name, email address, home address and telephone numbers
Financial Data such as your bank account number and sort code to process direct debits and other payments.
Technical Data including internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access our website.
Business Data including name of the business, (correspondence) address, telephone and fax number(s), farm CPH number, e-mail address, and VAT number. We also retain copies of any correspondence we have with you.
Animal Data including name, age, and species of the animal (where applicable), laboratory samples of pets and farm animals, laboratory results of pets and farm animals, disease status of farms, vaccination records, clinical histories, microchip numbers and any other relevant data provided by the animal owner or veterinary practitioner.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you.
3.         How we collect your personal data
Direct interactions – you may give us your personal information when you contact us via email or phone, submit sample forms to us, or become a member with us.
Information provided by third parties – we may receive your personal data from your veterinary practice or other laboratories if your animal is referred to us for laboratory testing of samples.
Automated technologies or interactions – as you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies. Please see our cookie policy for further details.
4.         How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Specifically, we will use your personal data to:
process customer samples;
process payments for our services;
maintain records for statutory and regulatory purposes such as Control of Salmonella in Poultry Order (CSPO), EU 2015/1375 which specifies rules on controlling Trichinella in meat, and others;
manage our customer relationship with you;
send you information we think you may find useful, including information about new products and services (if you have consented to us sending you such messages);
improve our services and websites;
identify you each time you visit a website.
5.         Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data in line with our Data Protection Policy and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
6.         Sharing your personal data
We are required by law to provide some data, such as clinical data about farm and companion animals and the personal data of their owners, to government schemes like the BVD eradication schemes. We will inform you if this is required.
If you are currently part of our Cattle Health Scheme but wish to change provider, you can ask us to transfer your data to your chosen Cattle Health Scheme.
Some customers elect to have data added to our online, public Cattle Health Scheme Members database. We will not add any data unless you have given us your consent to do so.
Some customer data (such as that of pharmacy companies) may be shared with regulatory authorities upon inspection.
We may also disclose your personal information to third party suppliers who provide services on our behalf, such as VetPartners Limited (the company that owns Biobest Laboratories Limited).
We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law (other than as stated above) or if we believe that such action is necessary to protect and defend the rights, property or personal safety of Biobest Laboratories Limited or VetPartners.
7.         Data retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements. Most customer records will be kept for 25 years.
8.         Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data.
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a ‘data subject access request’)
Request correction of personal data we hold on you.
Request erasure of your personal data. However, there may be specific legal reasons why we are not able to comply with this request.
Object to processing your personal data.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or a third party.
Withdraw consent where we are relying on consent to process your personal data.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us directly at enquiry@biobest.co.uk or contact our Data Protection Department at dataprotection@vetpartners.co.uk.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.