https://biocareers.com/privacy-policy/
Log in
Privacy Policy for Bio Careers©
BioCareers.com and its affiliated school websites are owned and maintained by Bio Career Center, LLC of Santa Cruz, CA.
Bio Careers® recognizes that privacy is very important. This privacy policy outlines the kinds of personal information we receive and collect when you use Bio Careers®’ Jobs Board, services, and community elements as well as the steps we take to safeguard your privacy. We hope that it will help you to make more informed decisions.
BioCareers.com and its affiliated school websites (hereafter referred to as “Bio Careers sites”) contain links to other websites over which we have no control. We are not responsible for safeguarding your privacy on websites that are outside of our control.
Your data will be processed in whole or in part in the United States. If you live outside of the United States, your usage of the Bio Careers® sites, then, constitutes consent to transfer your data out of your country and to the United States.
Information We Collect
In some areas of the Bio Careers® sites, we request or may request that you provide personal information, including your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card number, Social Security number, contact information, billing information, and any other information from which your identity is discernible. In other areas of the Bio Careers® sites, we collect or may collect demographic information that is not unique to you such as your ZIP code, age, preferences, gender, interests, and favorites. Sometimes we collect or may collect a combination of the two types of information.
We also gather or may gather certain information about your use of our site, such as what areas you visit and what services you access. Moreover, there is information about your computer hardware and software that we collect or may collect. This information can include, without limitation, your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times, and referring website addresses.
Please remember that if you post any of your personal information in public areas of the Bio Careers sites, such as in online forums or chat rooms, such information may be collected and used by others over whom we have no control. We are not responsible for the use made by third parties of information you post or otherwise make available in public areas of the Bio Careers® sites. Since we believe that managing your career is a lifelong process, we retain indefinitely all the information we gather about you in an effort to make your repeat use with us more efficient, practical and relevant.
Use of Information
The information collected may be used by Bio Careers® for the purpose of operating and improving the Bio Careers® sites, fostering a positive user experience, and delivering the products and services that we offer. We may also use the information we gather to inform you of other products or services available from the Bio Careers® sites and to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered.
We may use your contact information in order to send you e-mail or other communications regarding updates at the Bio Careers® sites, such as Job Alerts, newsletters, new Bio Careers® opportunities, and additional listings which may be of interest to you. The nature and frequency of these messages will vary depending upon the information we have about you. In addition, you will have the option to elect to receive additional communications, information, and promotions including, without limitation, free informational newsletters from the Bio Careers® sites relating to topics that may be of special interest to you, such as career management advice.
The registration form and other communication methods provide you with relevant opt-in and opt-out choices regarding promotional activity and other communications with you. We have, or may have, an area where you can submit feedback. Any feedback you submit in this area becomes our property, and we can use such feedback (such as success stories) for marketing purposes or contact you for further information.
Disclosure of Information to Others
We do not disclose to third parties your personal information, combined personal and demographic information, or information about your use of the Bio Careers® sites (such as the areas you visit or the services you access), except as set forth in the following five subparagraphs.
1. We may disclose name and address information to your Consortium member school.
2. We may disclose such information to third parties if you consent to such disclosure. For example we may use data we have about you (such as the interests and preferences you have expressed) to determine whether you might be interested in the products or services of a particular third party.
3. We may disclose such information to companies and individuals we employ to perform functions on our behalf. Examples may include hosting our web servers, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These companies and individuals will have access to your personal information as necessary to perform their functions, but they may not share that information with any other third party.
4. We may disclose such information if legally required to do so, if requested to do so by a governmental entity, or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect the rights or property of Bio Careers® ; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public.
5. We may disclose and transfer such information to a third party who acquires all or a substantial portion of the Bio Careers® business, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation, or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets. In addition, in the event the Bio Careers® become the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, the Bio Careers® or its trustee in bankruptcy may sell, license, or otherwise dispose of such information in a transaction approved by the bankruptcy court. Bio Careers® may also share aggregated anonymous information about visitors to its website with its clients, partners, and other third parties so that they may understand the kinds of visitors to the Bio Careers® sites and how those visitors use the sites.
Resumes
Since the Bio Careers® sites are career sites, we give you the option of putting your resume in our data base. There are two options for doing this:
1. You can post your resume in our database on a confidential basis and choose who sees the resume. You will be notified via e-mail and asked if you want to release your resume to a specified organization. Alternatively, you may choose to send your resume to an organization as part of an application to a job posting posting. However, even if a resume is confidential, some elements of it may be viewed.
2. If you allow your resume to be searchable, then all parties with access to our searchable resume database (or copies thereof) will have access to your resume. We attempt to limit access to our searchable resume database (or copies thereof) only to paying employers, recruiters, hiring managers, headhunters, and human resource professionals, as well as law enforcement and national security agencies, but cannot guarantee that other parties will not gain access to this database. We are not responsible for the use made of resumes by third parties who access such resumes while they are in our searchable database. You may remove your resume from our searchable database at any time. However, employers, recruiters, and others who have paid for access to that database or to obtain a copy of that database, as well as parties who have otherwise gained access to the database, may have retained a copy of your resume in their own files or databases. We are not responsible for the retention, use, or privacy of resumes in these instances.
Please Note: It is not our practice to restrict access to our resume database to any particular customer(s). Please be advised that your current employer or an entity affiliated with your current employer might be a customer of the Bio Careers® . We are not responsible for any actions or results that may occur as a result of any customer’s access to and/or use of your resume.
We reserve the right to remove from our database any resumes we consider to be illegal or offensive.
Use of Cookies
The Bio Careers® sites use “cookies” to help personalize and maximize your online experience and time online. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard drive by a web page server. Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to your computer, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize pages or register for services at the Bio Careers® sites, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information (such as user name, password, and preferences). Because of our use of cookies, we can deliver faster and more accurate results and a more personalized site experience. When you return to the Bio Careers® sites, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the features that you customized. We also use cookies to track click streams and for load balancing. You may have the ability to accept or decline all cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline all cookies if you prefer. Alternatively, you may be able to modify your browser setting to notify you each time a cookie is tendered and permit you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis. If you choose to decline cookies, however, that may hinder performance and negatively impact your experience on the Bio Careers® sites.
Use of Web Beacons
Web pages on the Bio Careers® sites may contain electronic images known as web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel GIFs) that allow us to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. Web beacons are not used to access your personally identifiable information on the Bio Careers® sites; they are a technique we use to compile aggregated statistics about our website usage. Web beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides.
Updating Your Information
It is important to us that we have your correct contact information so that you don’t miss out on further correspondence or experience problems with the delivery of publications and products.
Registrants or users may update their personal information at any time by sending e-mail to [email protected]
Security
Bio Careers® implements reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use alteration, or disclosure. In addition, all credit transactions occur in a secure area of our site, to protect you from any loss, misuse or alteration of information collected. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. When you place an order online at the Bio Careers® sites, your credit card information is protected through the use of encryption utilizing Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol, the industry standard in transferring information to process your orders. The SSL encrypts, or translates, your order information into a highly indecipherable code, which is processed immediately. When you’ve finished your transactions and begin the checkout process, you will move into the secure area of our site. A warning window may pop up to notify you that you are entering this “safe” area. Once you’ve entered, the page address (URL) will change form http to https, to let you know you are in a secure area. Also, a key or closed lock will appear in the lower left hand corner of your screen to notify you of this change. You will remain in this secure zone for the entire checkout process. In addition, Bio Careers® reveals only the last five digits of your credit card number when confirming an order. Of course, we securely transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card service company during order processing.
Children
Bio Careers® sites are not intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information on children under the age of 13.
Acceptance of these Terms
Your use of the Bio Careers® sites shall indicate your understanding and acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree with all of the terms herein, you should not use the Bio Careers® sites or services.
Changes to Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our Privacy Statement for the Bio Careers® sites, we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and to whom we will disclose it. If at any time, you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement, please feel free to e-mail us at [email protected]or call us at 877-862-4656 x. 102 and speak to one of our representatives.
We welcome your comments concerning this Privacy Statement. If you believe that we have not adhered to this Statement, please contact us by e-mailing us at [email protected] . We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem. Thank you for using the Bio Careers® sites.