https://bioneer.dk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policyadmin2018-06-29T08:43:07+00:00
Your privacy at bioneer.dk
This website is created to provide information about our company, products and services. This disclaimer applies only to this website and describes how and why we collect information about you as a user.
1. The information we collect
We collect information that can help us improve our websites. Some information we ask you for directly, but other information is collected automatically. All information collected automatically is stored in an aggregate form and cannot be used to identify you as a specific individual. We occasionally ask you for information that can at times be personally identifiable and private. As a result, information collected by us can be divided into two main categories:
a) Aggregated visitor statistics
b) Personally identifiable information
We do not link aggregated visitor statistics with personally identifiable information.
Aggregated visitor statistics
When you visit our website, we automatically collect general information about your computer and its location as well as the website you came from, if applicable. This information cannot be used to identify you as an individual. This information is only used in aggregate form to inform us where our visitors come from, what they look at and act on, and where the most time is spent.
Information we collect automatically:
First-party cookie support (whether you allow us to place a cookie on your computer)
Visitor ID (provided by a cookie we place on your computer when possible)
Referrer (i.e. where you came from, eg google.com)
Date and time of visit
Regional and language settings (to determine which country you are in)
Operating System (Windows, OS X, Linux, iOS, Android etc.)
Browser & Browser Version (Chrome, Internet Explorer, Firefox, Opera, Safari etc.)
Screen Resolution (1280×1024, 1024×768, etc.)
JavaScript support
Java support
IP address (computer address on the internet for statistical purposes only – no personally identifiable information is collected)
The title of the page you are viewing
The URL of the page you are viewing
Time spent on the page
Device type (Tablet, Mobile, Desktop), manufacturer, Operating system, mobile carrier
Country, region, city, state, zip code
Keywords searched in search box on the website, and search keywords resulted in the page URL being clicked
Reloads, clicks on pages, return frequency
Entry, exit points page flow
File downloads
Personally identifiable information
At times, we need to collect more personally identifiable information about you. Some areas/parts of our website might require you to register in order to log in; we might ask you for information such as your age and occupation to better understand the purpose of your visit and to improve your visitor experience. In any case, whenever we ask you for any personally identifiable information that can be used to identify you as an individual, we will ask for your consent and we will always provide an explanation as to why we collect the information, how we collect it, how we store it and how we plan on treating and using it.
2. How information is used
We will only collect and store personally identifiable information for the purpose stated during the collecting process. When we finish processing your information for the stated purpose(s), we will erase and destroy it to ensure your privacy.
3. Collection of sensitive data
We do not collect or retain sensitive personal data relating to your health, ethnic origin, religious beliefs or political conviction etc. at this site. In the rare case where we do seek to collect other sensitive data we will do so in strict compliance with local data privacy law.
4. Protection of children
Protecting the privacy of children is important. Bioneer does not intend to collect personally identifiable information from children (a child is defined as being under the age of 18) without permission of the parent or legal guardian. Children should NOT submit personally identifiable information to Bioneer without the explicit permission of their parent or legal guardian.
Where appropriate, we will instruct children not to submit personal data. If your child has submitted personal data and you would like to request that such information be removed, please contact us.
5. How we ensure data security
Personal data are collected on this website only to the extent required. Under no circumstances are the collected data sold on to third parties for any reason.
6. Where are the data processed?
Any personal data we collect may be transferred internationally within SG Nordic’s global organisation. We have internal policies in place to ensure an adequate level of protection irrespective of where in Bioneer your data are located.
7. Disclosure to third parties
We will never transfer or sell personally identifiable information about our visitors to a third party.
We will generally only share information with our contracted service providers and advisors. However, in order to comply with legal obligations, to protect the rights, property or safety of Bioneer, its employees and others, or in the event we sell or liquidate any part of business or assets, personal data may be shared. Any such sharing will be in compliance with data privacy law.
8. Visitor rights
You are entitled to know whether we hold personal data about you and, if we do, obtain insight to that data and require the data to be corrected, if inaccurate. You are also entitled to know the purpose(s) and you may object to Bioneers’s use of your personal data and require such data erased. Please contact us if you wish to obtain insight in your personal data or if you have any concerns in this regard.
9. Use of cookies
A cookie is a simple text file that is stored on your computer or mobile device by a website’s server; only that server will be able to retrieve or read the contents of that cookie. Each cookie is unique to your web browser. It will contain some anonymous information such as a unique identifier and the site name and some digits and numbers. It allows a website to remember your preferences – e.g. choice of language.
At Bioneer we use cookies that are strictly necessary to enable you to move around the site or to provide certain basic features. We use cookies to enhance the functionality of the website by storing your preferences. We also use cookies to help us to improve the performance of our website to provide you with a better user experience.
Strictly necessary cookies; Cookies that are strictly necessary in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features.
Functionality cookies; Functionality cookies record information about choices you’ve made and allow us to tailor the website to you.
Performance cookies; Performance cookies are used across Bioneer websites for internal purposes to help us to provide you with a better user experience. Information supplied by these cookies helps us understand how our visitors use sgnordic.com so that we can improve how the content.
Social media pixels; Pixels are used to advertise and re-target content on social media
You can learn more about cookies in general here.
10. Legal disclaimers
Information purposes
The content presented on the Bioneer website is presented solely for informational purposes. The site does not provide you with advice or recommendation of any kind and should not be relied on as the basis for any decision or action. You are advised to consult professional advisors in the appropriate field with respect to the applicability of any particular aspect of the contents. In particular, nothing on this website constitutes an invitation or offer to invest or deal in Bioneer securities.
Information provided ‘’as is’’
The information on this site is provided ‘as is’ and Bioneer makes no representations or warranties, expressed or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. Bioneer makes no representations or warranties of any kind as to the completeness, accuracy, timeliness, availability, functionality and compliance with applicable laws. By using this website you accept the risk that the information may be incomplete or inaccurate or may not meet your needs or requirements.
Disclaimed liability
Neither Bioneer nor our content providers shall be liable for any damages or injury arising out of your access to, or inability to access, this site or from your reliance on any information provided herein. Bioneer disclaims any and all liability for direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive, and special or other damages, lost opportunities, lost profit or any other loss or damages of any kind. This limitation includes damages or any viruses, which may affect your computer equipment.
Links to other sites
This website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Bioneer; please be aware that we are not responsible for or have control over the privacy policies of these sites. This privacy statement applies only to information collected on this site. We strongly encourage you to read the privacy statements of every site you visit that collects personally identifiable information.
Sites linking to us
Bioneer does not endorse websites linking to Bioneer sites. Bioneer is not responsible for content on these liked sites or for control over information that users may choose to provide to these sites.
Alterations
Bioneer reserves its right to alter, modify, substitute or delete any content of or may restrict access to or discontinue distribution of this site at any time and at its sole discretion.
Copyright and use of content
The content of this website is the property of Bioneer and is protected by copyright laws. The trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos and product displayed on this site are protected worldwide, and no use of any of these may be made without the prior written consent of Bioneer. You are welcome to download the content of this website, however, only for your personal and non-commercial use. No modification or further reproduction of the contents is permitted. The content may otherwise not be copied or used in any other manner.
Use of questions and comments
Any questions, comments, suggestions or any other communications, including any ideas, inventions, concepts, techniques or know-how you may forward to this site or otherwise to Bioneer, electronically or by any other means, are on a non-confidential basis and will become the property of Bioneer, which Bioneer without restriction may use in any fashion and for any purposes whatsoever, including developing, manufacturing and/or marketing goods or services.
Governing Law
Your access and use of this website and the contents hereof shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the Laws of Denmark.
11. Who to contact
If you have any questions about this privacy, cookies and legal disclaimer, if you want to obtain insight in any personal data held about you, or if you have any concerns regarding Bioneer’s use of your personal data you may contact us via e-mail or you can reach us by telephone at +45 45 16 04 44.
Go to Top