https://biopelle.com/pages/privacy-policy
FREE Full Size Tensage Gentle Gel Cleanser with Any Purchase + 25% off Exfoliating Heel Cream | Valid through 12/13/20
Professionals
Skip to content
MENUMENUSkincare
Best SellersSerumsSpecialty TreatmentsMoisturizersEye CareCleansers
Skin Concerns
Anti-AgingEstrogen Deficient SkinHyperpigmentationSensitive SkinHealthy Skin MaintenancePre-Procedure CarePost-Procedure Care
Collections
Biopelle
Tensage Growth FactorTensage Stem CellRetridermBrightenExfoliate
Emepelle
Emepelle SerumEmepelle Night Cream
Science
SCA Biorepair TechnologyCellPro TechnologyMEP Technology
About
Frequently Asked QuestionsOther ProductsContact UsProduct Locator
Resources
News & PRBlog
Privacy Policy
Biopelle, Inc. (also referred to as “we,” “our,” “us”) is committed to providing superior customer service and part of that involves protecting your privacy.
1. What Information Do We Gather?
When you visit our Website and Portal (“Site”), we may gather the information necessary to identify your needs and to provide you with better service. Through your use of the site or registration as a new user, we may request personal information including, but not limited to:
Name, company and job title
Contact information including email address and cell phone number
Demographic information including postal code, product preferences and interests
Internet Protocol (“IP”) Address and other persistent identifiers
Other information relevant to customer surveys and offers
Billing information such as credit card number and billing address
If you become a registered user or if you conduct transactions through this website, we will collect information about the transactions you engage in while on the website and your other activity on the site. This information may include, without limitation, areas of the website that you visit, transaction type, content that you view, download or submit, transaction amount, payment, and billing information as well as the nature, quantity and price of the goods or services you exchange and the individuals or entities with whom you communicate or transact business.
Some of this information, including name, company and contact information, will only be collected if you voluntarily provide it during the user registration process. We may also track information such as the domain name and the name of the web page from which you entered our Site, and how much time you spend on each of our pages. We collect information that is combined with other web visitors’ information, such as how many times visitors click on each web page and the methods by which our Site was found. We may collect IP addresses and website usage information from you when you visit our Site via the use of “cookies.” An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you are using your browser on the Internet.
A cookie is a small file that is stored on the hard drive of your computer ready for future access when you return to our Site. We use cookies to deliver web content specific to you and to keep track of your online order activity. Cookies cannot pass viruses, harm your computer or pass on private information such as an email address without the computer user’s intervention. Cookies contain session identification numbers that allow our systems to recall previous sessions for authentication efforts and assemble information from our gathered data. You can configure your computer’s browser to alert you when a site is attempting to send you a cookie and allow you to accept or refuse the cookie. Further information on how to prevent cookies from being stored on your device can be found on http://www.allaboutcookies.org under the ‘manage cookies’ section. Alternatively, you can access further information by going to the help menu within your internet browser. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
2. What Do We Do With the Personal Information We Collect?
You will be asked to provide personal information in certain fields on this Site that allow you to be able to use our Services. The personal information we collect is used only for the purpose we state at the time of collection or for purposes contained below. For example, our uses may include, but are not limited to, the following:
We may use your email address to contact you about new features on the Site, or to provide you with other information that is relevant to your use of the Site.
We may use your information for internal record keeping purposes related to purchases and transactions.
We or our affiliates may periodically send you promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we believe may be of interest using the email address provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may use your information to customize the website according to your interests.
We may disclose your information to implement and enforce our Terms of Use.
We may disclose your information to respond to subpoenas, judicial processes, orgovernment requests or investigations.
We may use your information to protect the security of our Services, servers, network systems and databases or to protect our users and affiliates against liability or harm.
To the extent that we collect certain demographic information about you, we may use this information in our market research, but we will do so only after we “anonymize” the data, i.e., remove information that would confirm your identity. We will not use your personally identifiable information, however, to send commercial or marketing messages to you unless we have your continued consent for which you will have the ability to opt out by sending an email to contactus@biopelle.com.
This Site does not collect personally identifiable information when you browse the Site and request pages from our servers unless you voluntarily and knowingly provide such information to us. This means that we will not know your name, your email address, or any other personally identifiable information just because you browse the Site unless you:
access the Site from a link in an email that we have sent to you;
have created a profile and you either log-in to your account or choose to be remembered via your cookie or your web-enabled mobile device.
In these cases we will know who you are based on the information you previously supplied to us. When you request a page from our Site, our servers log the information provided in the HTTP request header including the IP number, the time of the request, the URL of your request and other information that is provided in the HTTP header. We collect the HTTP request header information in order to make our Site function correctly and provide you the functionality that you expect to see. We also use this information to personalize content presented to you, better understand how visitors use our Site and how we can better tune it, its contents, and functionality to meet your needs. We only use your personally identifiable information for those activities listed at the time you submit your information to us. For example, if you provide us with an email to inform you of special events, then that is what we will use your email address to do. If we would like to use your personally identifiable information for an unrelated activity, we will first request your consent to do so.
3. Who Can Use the Information We Collect and How?
We may provide your information to third parties, or third parties may collect information from you on our behalf if we have contracted with that third party to provide some part of the information or service that you have requested. Other than those who act on our behalf and except as explained in this Policy, information you provide at this Site will not be transferred to unrelated third parties, unless we have your permission to do so. However, please note that personal information provided to this Site is subject to disclosure pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants or orders. We will only provide this information after approximately two weeks following receipt of a valid subpoena or other legal process in a civil case. Your data is shared with HubSpot for marketing purposes. Hubspot does not use the data. Hubspot privacy policy: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy
4. How Do We Protect the Personal Information We Collect?
Your privacy and the security of your personal information are important to us. We maintain and protect the security of our servers and your personal information. To secure the information we collect online, prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure only appropriate use of information, we have established appropriate physical, electronic and management safeguards. We require user names and passwords to access sensitive data. Unless you authorize unencrypted transmission, we will use industry standard encryption methods to protect your data transmission.
5. How Do You Opt-out of Personal Information Sharing with Our Business Partners?
We may use third party analytics vendors to evaluate and provide us with information about the use of our Services and viewing of our content. Some of the information you see on our Sites may be customized based on automated predictions about your interests, which predictions are generated from your visits over time and across different websites, using tools such as Google Analytics. This information allows us to create content of greater interest to you and can also be used to serve ads based on your past visits to our Sites. Note that you can opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies, including use by Google, by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page (http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/).
For more information about how targeted Network Advertising works, please visit: http://www.youradchoices.com/ or http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising.
You may opt-out of third party targeted advertising or analytics in two ways: 1) By directly notifying a Network Advertising service provider via its opt-out tools (Please see above) or 2) using your browser’s Do Not Track (DNT) settings to indicate that you do not wish to receive targeted advertising based on your overall internet usage. For more information about DNT and how it works, please visit the Future of Privacy Forum’s website: http://www.allaboutdnt.com/.
We will make a good faith reasonable effort to honor your DNT browser settings for opting out of receiving targeted third party advertising based on your overall Internet usage. Please note that various browsers frequently update technology or change their settings and business practices without advance notice, and we may not have the latest information on how to honor your preferences. If you exercise either opt-out option – the cookie opt-out or the browser opt-out – you will continue to receive advertising, but such advertising may not relate to your specific interests, previous purchases or search history.
However, you cannot opt-out of our contextual analytics and advertising, which is based on your usage of only our Services. We will continue to serve you contextual advertising. We will also continue to monitor your usage and search or transaction history to provide us with analytics on how well our Services, features and activities are functioning and used. We will also share this information in an aggregated form (meaning that no one individual person can be identified) within our company.
You can also opt out of our marketing emails at any time by contacting us at contactus@biopelle.com or by sending us a post card to “OPT OUT”, Biopelle, Inc., 780 West 8 Mile Road, Ferndale, MI 48220.
6. How Do You Correct and Update Your Personal Information?
You can change or correct your account information at any time. Just send an email with your old information and your corrections to contactus@biopelle.com with “Correction” in the subject line.
7. What is Our Privacy Policy If You Are Under 13 Years of Age?
We understand the importance of protecting the privacy of all individuals, especially the very young. Our services are intended for United States audiences over the age of 18. We neither target nor sell our products to children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from them. Subscribing to our online service is restricted to adults who are either 18 years of age or older or as otherwise legally defined.
8. What Happens When You Link to a Third-Party Web Site?
If you click on a link and go to another site, you will be subject to that website’s privacy policy. If we conduct business with that website such that we need to exchange personally identifiable information, we will make sure that the business has a privacy policy just as protective as ours. We encourage you to read the posted privacy policy statement at any website before submitting any personal information at all.
9. What Happens When We Update Our Privacy Policy?
We may on occasion update our Policy. Your acceptance of any minor changes to this Policy is indicated by your continued use of our Services. If we make any material changes to our Policy, we will post a notice about the change at a prominent location on our Site. We encourage you to periodically review our Site and this Policy for any changes.
10. What Happens If We Sell Our Business?
While we do not anticipate it, every business nowadays should plan for the possibility that it might sell certain or all of its assets to another company or individual, or that it might buy certain assets of another company or individual. If all or part of the company is sold, merged or otherwise transferred to another entity, the personal information you have provided to us may be transferred as part of that transaction. However, we will take steps to ensure that your personal information is used in a manner consistent with the provisions of our Policy.
11. Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us and want to receive information about how to exercise your third party disclosure choices, you must send a request to the following address with a preference on how our response to your request should be sent (email or postal mail). You may contact us in two ways. Send email to contactus@biopelle.com.
Alternatively, you may contact us at:
Biopelle, Inc.780 West 8 Mile RoadFerndale, MI 48220Attn: Your California Privacy Rights c/o Privacy Administrator
For requests sent via email, you must put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the subject field of your email. All requests sent via postal mail must be labeled “Your California Privacy Rights” on the envelope or post card and clearly stated on the actual request. For all requests, please include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. (Your street address is optional if you wish to receive a response to your request via email. Please include your zip code for our own recordkeeping.) We will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile. We are not responsible for responding to notices that are not labeled or not sent properly, or do not have complete information.
If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any site where this policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. To make such a request, please send an email with a detailed description of the specific content or information to contactus@biopelle.com. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.
12. What If You Have Questions?
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact us via email at contactus@biopelle.com. In conjunction with this Privacy Policy, you should also review our Conditions of Use and Terms of Services located on our website for a more complete understanding of the rules governing our Services.
STAY IN TOUCH
Click here to sign up.
Enter your email address to receive special offers,new product previews and news.
Biopelle
Emepelle
CONTACT US
Contact Customer Service
(866) 424-6735
ABOUT BIOPELLE
About Us
Product Locator
HELP?
Frequently Asked Questions
Shipping
Returns
Privacy Policy
Clinical References
MY BIOPELLE
My Account