https://bitsbits.com/index.php?main_page=privacy
6129 Aviation Way
Silverton, OR 97381
Search
Contact Us
503-873-3112
Toggle navigation
Home
Products
Bits & Bits Tool Search
Festool Tools & Accessories
Wood Carving/Milling Router Bits
V-Bit Engraving Cutters
Tapered 2 Flute Spiral End Mills
1/8 Shank - 2 Flute End Mills
1/8 Shank - 3 Flute End Mills
1/8 Shank - 4 Flute End Mills
1/4 Shank - Spiral End Mills
1/2 Shank - Spiral End Mills
Aluminum/Brass Series End Mills
Extra Long Flute End Mills
CNC 2D/3D Carving Router Bits
Metric End Mills
Wax Milling Tools
Diamond Engraving Tools
Vinyl Plotter Blades and Knives
Tool Kits Routing-Milling-Engrav
ADA Cutters & Beads
Company Merch & Accessories
Surplus Specials
Tools On Sale!
Astra InfoSharpeningShippingVideosCatalogAccountContact
Shopping Cart
0
Home ::
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice - Information We Collect and Use
Bits & Bits Company uses the information we collect to operate, maintain and provide you with the best possible service available. Your payment and personal information is always safe. Our software protects and encrypts all of your personal information so that it cannot be read over the internet. We do not sell or share your information with anyone else.
Email
We may use your email address to send you Service-related notices (including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail). We may also use your contact information to send you marketing messages. If you don’t want to receive these messages, you can opt out by following the instructions in the message. If you correspond with us by email, we may retain the content of your email messages, your email address and our responses.
Shipping
We make every effort to ship all orders received by 1:00 PM (Pacific Time) the same day. However, due to our work load, inventory or unforeseen circumstances your order may not ship the same day. Please allow 3 to 5 business days. All items are shipped from our plant in Silverton, Oregon. If you need the tools shipped the same day, please call us 1-800-972-7081 and we will try to accommodate you. We can ship US Mail, UPS, or Fed Ex.
Return and Exchange Policy
If you are not satisfied with any of our products, you can return any un-used item within 30 days of purchase for a full refund. You can also exchange any unused item for one of our other tools. You will be responsible for shipping charges on any exchanges unless of course the tool was damaged in shipping or we shipped you the incorrect part.
Out of Stock Items
Even though we have a very large number of items ready to ship, occasionally certain items can be placed on back order. You will be notified by e-mail if this occurs. If you do not wish to wait for item availability you may cancel your order (or just that item). If we do not hear from you in regards to that item, it will be placed on back order and we will ship you a partial order. You may choose to hold the entire order until all items are ready to ship.
Shipping
We make every effort to ship all orders received by 1:00 PM (Pacific Time) the same day. However, due to our work load, inventory or unforeseen circumstances your order may not ship the same day. Please allow 3 to 5 business days. All items are shipped from our plant in Silverton, Oregon. If you need the tools shipped the same day, please call us 1-800-972-7081 and we will try to accommodate you. We can ship US Mail, UPS, or Fed Ex.
Back
Categories
Bits & Bits Tool Search
Festool Tools & Accessories
Wood Carving/Milling Router Bits
V-Bit Engraving Cutters
Tapered 2 Flute Spiral End Mills
Customer Service
Contact Us
My
Account
Check Guest Order
Policies & Privacy
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Site Map
Social Media
Facebook
Instagram
Copyright © 2020 Bits & Bits.