https://blademaster.com/web/en/content/37-privacy-policy
You cannot place an order from United States.
Please use the dropdown below to select the appropriate store (if applicable).
×
| Information| Privacy Policy Useful LinksBlademaster CatalogTraining Videos (YouTube)NEW! BRPPRO4 PORTABLENEW! QC100 Quick Clamp NEW! BRPPRO3 PORTABLEFAQ Do you need help? Go to see our FAQ section.Privacy StatementWe at BLADEMASTER thank you for visiting our site. This privacy policy sets out how BLADEMASTER uses and protects any information that you give BLADEMASTER when you use this website. Please read this privacy policy before using this web site or submitting any personal information.BLADEMASTER is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website; you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. BLADEMASTER may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are aware of any changes.
What we collectWe may collect the following information when you submit voluntarily: name contact information including email addressdemographic information such as postal code, preferences and interestsother information relevant to customer inquiries and/or suggestionsWhat we do with the information we gatherWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:Internal record keeping.We may use the information to improve our products and services.We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. How we use cookiesA cookie is a small file placed on your computer's hard drive. The cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. Controlling your personal informationWe will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
Privacy Contact InformationIf you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us by using the information below:Blademaster566 Riverview DriveChatham, ON CanadaN7M 5L5Phone: 1-519-352-4550Toll Free: 1-888-648-7776Toll Free Fax: 1-800-667-8742Email: blademaster@guspro.comWe reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.