http://blakemar.co.uk/privacy/
We cannot currently take PayPal payments, but other payment options are available. Click here for details.
Manufacturers of the finest quality smoking pipes since 1890
Home
/
Privacy Policy
×
Price:
Actual Price:
Add to Cart
Our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price."
As a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page.
You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.
Our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price."
As a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page.
You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.
Privacy Policy
This policy covers what personally identifiable information Blakemar Briars collects and how it is treated.
Personally identifiable information is information that can be used to identify visitors to the Blakemar Briars website.
This information may be limited to an IP address / Session ID or extend to personally identifiable information such as your name, address, email address or phone number.
This policy only applies to the Blakemar Briars website and does not extend to the practices of other websites that we may link to, companies that we do not own or control, or to people that we do not employ or manage.
Information Collection
When visiting the Blakemar Briars website, certain information about you and your computer can sometimes be collected. This section explains what information we may collect, and how it is used.
What information do we collect?
We collect the following identifiable information about our visitors:
(Please note that the following information may be dependent on whether or not you supplied us this information at the date of registration or upon ordering an item)
• Name • Email • Postcode • Telephone • Billing/delivery account info • IP Address • Session ID • Cookies • Browser Type • Interaction Record • OS
Any sensitive data you input (such as card details) cannot be saved or seen by us.
We use a reputable online payment business (PayPal) for all payments we receive over the internet.
PayPal’s Privacy Policy can be read on their website.
How do we classify the collected information?
Public information collected by us includes comments, support requests and other information considered to be public.
Private information collected by us includes your email address, billing information, order history, and other information considered to be private.
We will never disclose any private information to a third party, unless required to by law.
What do we do with the collected information?
We collect identifiable information for the following uses:
• Online Products and Services• Web Site and System Administration• Research and Development• Online Product and Service Order Fulfillment• Billing, Sales, and Technical Support• Other Feedback
Who has access to the information collected?
Your private information is only accessible by:
• Ourselves or our entities acting as our agents or entities for which we are acting as an agent
• Content delivery services (applicable data is given to them to make your delivery possible)
• Payment / credit card processing services Besides those listed above, private information will not be shared with third-parties except when necessary (e.g. as required by law).
If private information is protected via a password of your choosing. We strongly recommend the use of security checking software, safe internet practices, and strong passwords to help safeguard your information.
At the date of writing this privacy policy, your public information can only be accessed by the companies/people listed above.
How long is this information retained?
Access logs (including IP address, browser type, click stream, session ID, etc.) are archived for approximately 1 year (helping to secure our services and data).
Policy Changes
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy from time to time. Changes to our privacy policy will be accessible at this address in the future.
Contact Information
We invite you to Contact Us if you have questions about this privacy policy.
Product Updates
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
Information
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Delivery
Quick Links
Site Map
News
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Account
My Account
Orders and Returns
Connect With Us
YouTube
Facebook
© 1890 - 2019 Blakemar Briars. All Rights Reserved. Site by Design Shark