http://blazerproducts.com/index.php/policy
My Account
Checkout
Log In
Home
Lighters
Lighters
The Torch CG-001 Little Buddy II Evo Venture -
Stratus Scout Eagle Candle Lighter Top-Z Insert Misc.
Hand Held Spitfire Firefox Big Buddy Butane Blazer Butane
Industrial Tools
Professional Pocket Torch PB207 Stingray GB4001 Excalibur SI-100 GB-2001 Hot Shot MT3000 Gas Burner Series - Pencil Torch PT 4000 Angle Head ES 1000 Big Shot GT 8000 Blazer Butane Touch Activated Gas Burner - Spitfire Firefox Excalibur SI-100cr Big Buddy
DIY Home Use
The Torch Big Buddy Spitfire Firefox Excalibur SI-100cr Blazer Butane
Where to Buy?
Cart is empty
My Account
Checkout
Log In
Log In
Remember
Forgot Your Password
|Register
Privacy Policy Blazer Products and its affiliated brands gather certain types of information from visitors to our website. We are providing this privacy policy to help you understand the types of information we gather, how it is used and how you can update or modify user profile or registration information you have provided to us online. This policy applies only to information collected online at www.blazerproducts.com. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. If we change or update our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised policy here.
Information Collected General Browsing Information: Any time you visit this website, we gather certain non-personally identifiable information regarding the means you use to access the site. This non-personally identifiable information includes the type and version of your browser, your service provider, your IP address, and any search engine you may have used to locate the Blazer Products website. We use this information to help diagnose problems with our server, administer the Website, and compile broad statistical data. In addition, Blazer Products gathers certain navigational information about where you go on the Blazer Products Website. This information enables us to determine which areas of the website are most frequently visited and helps us to tailor the Blazer Products Website to the needs and interests of our online visitors.
Personal Information Voluntarily Provided: We gather personal information you provide to us (such as your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number,) when you request information about a product or service, register on the Blazer Products Website, request email offers reminders or email newsletters, sign up for a service, or use any of the other interactive portions or features of the Website. When personally identifiable information is requested on the Blazer Products Website, some requests are marked as "Required"; this personally identifiable information is necessary to allow you to participate in the feature or service you've requested.
How Your Information Is Used
We use the information collected at the Blazerproducts.com Website for the following purposes:
To understand your needs and product preferences, to develop, market, sell or provide products and possibly to conduct research and evaluations.
To complete your request for services or respond to your use of the Blazerproducts.com Website.
To inform you of special events and offers after you have signed up to receive such information.
To manage and develop Blazer Products business and operations, administer accounts, collect and process payments.
As permitted by, and to comply with, any legal or regulatory requirements.
Who Do We Share Your Personal Information With? (Disclosure of Personal Information)
We collect and maintain the business and personal information of our customers for the sole use of Blazer Products. We do not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to third parties, and do not share or trade your personally identifiable information with third parties other than as described below.
Compliance with Law/Safety: Blazer Products may disclose specific personal information based on a good-faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to comply with or conform to the law or that such disclosure is necessary to protect the users of the Blazer Products, the Website itself, or the public.
Managing Email Communications You may always discontinue your receipt of future email newsletters and/or other email communications you previously requested from Blazer Products by logging on to your registered account and changing the preferences for the applicable newsletter and/or email communication.
Policies on Children To ensure compliance with federal law, Blazer Products does not knowingly collect or maintain information provided by children under the age of 13. Blazer Products does not provide services or products to children and its website is not intended for children. Blazer Products asks that minors not submit any personal information to Blazer Products.
Correcting and Updating Information Your can update or modify your registration information if you elect to register on the Blazerproducts.com website by logging into your registration information and following the instructions provided to update or modify such information.
Updates to Privacy Policy
This privacy policy may be revised over time as new features are added to the Blazerproducts.com website. Should there be a material change to our information collection or use practices, the change will be applied only to information collected on a going forward basis and the "Effective Date" of the policy will be updated.
Security Statement
Blazer Products limits the number of employees that have access to the databases that contain personal information of our customers, and our employees are advised of the importance of confidentiality. While we implement these security measures, you should be aware that 100% security is not always possible.
Contacting the Website
If you have questions concerning this privacy policy, you may contact us at: E-Mail: info@blazerproducts.com
Blazer Products 88 Allen Blvd. Farmingdale, NY 11735 USA
Effective Date: January 1, 2014
Blazer Products Inc.
Blazer Products and this website offers its products for sale to licensed resellers only. For more information or to become a reseller of the Blazer Products line, Please Contact us. For more information on where to purchase Blazer Products please visit: Where to Buy
Newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter to see upcoming shows, events, and latest news.
Subscribe
Company Information
About us
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Product Information
Warranty
Warnings
Product Support
Where to Buy
Staying Connected
Latest News
Upcoming Events
Testimonials
Blazer Videos
Contact Us
Blazer Products Inc.88 Allen Blvd.Farmingdale, NY 11735
866 - 849 - 6354
info@blazerproducts.com
Social networking
facebook
twitter
instagram
Google+
© Copyright 2015 BlazerProducts.com All rights reserved.