https://blchristmastrees.com/privacy-policy/
Cart
My Account
Sign Out
Cart
My Account
Sign Out
Balsam
Fraser
Brush and Greenery
Contact Us
Menu
Balsam
Fraser
Brush and Greenery
Contact Us
Plantation BL Christmas Trees
Printed in Canada on May 30th, 2014
Protecting the privacy and security of consumers’ information is very important for Plantations BL Christmas Trees (« BL Christmas Trees »). This Privacy Policy (the « Policy ») describes the collection and use of information on our website.
Please read this policy before using, or submitting information to, this site. By using this site, you signify that you agree to this Policy.
Although this site contains links to other websites, please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those or any other sites. If you have questions about how those websites collect and use data, you should carefully read those sites’ privacy policies.
Personal Information Collected on this Website.
We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, and phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously. We collect as well non-personally identifiable information on this website. However, we do not merge any of the personal information collected via our contact form with anonymous data collected on our website.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways, but not limited to:
-To personalize your experience with us (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
-To improve our website; we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you
-To improve customer service; your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs
-To process transactions; Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other third party for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
-To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
-To send periodic emails; The email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions in each email.
Non-Personally Identifiable Data Collected on this Website
We collect and store in server logs non-personally identifiable information, including but not limited to browser type, IP address, operating system, the date and time of visits, the pages visited on the site, time spent viewing the site, and return visits to the site. We also use Google Analytics, a service that records non-personally identifiable data such as browser type, operating system, the date and time of a visit, where visitors came from, the pages visited on this website, the time spent viewing site, where visitors went when they left the site, and return visits to the site. We aggregate this non-personally identifiable data to better understand how visitors use our site, and to help manage, maintain, and report on use of our website. We store IP addresses for fraud detection and prevention purposes. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also provide your information when a release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Cookies
We use cookies on this website. Cookies are small text files created by a web server, delivered through a web browser, and stored on your computer. They provide a means for websites that you visit to keep track of online patterns and preferences, as well as to identify return visitors. Cookies make the personalization of your web experiences possible, so that you do not need to re-enter your information each time you visit a website. We also serve cookies to help us anonymously track web traffic, as described above. You can opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Ads Preferences Manager, available at : http://www.google.com/ads/preferences
Alternatively, you can opt out from a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page, available at : http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Creation, Migration and Use of Remarketing Lists.
You grant the rights to BL Christmas Trees to create or otherwise obtain Remarketing Lists, to migrate Remarketing Lists to, and use Remarketing Lists or Similar Audience Lists.
Data, Selection and Targeting Audience.
We may send to Google information or use Remarketing Lists or Similar Audience Lists to select or target advertisements based on past or current activity by Users on this site.
PII Restrictions.
We will not, for the purpose of serving Ads, transmit personally identifiable information including, but not limited to, email addresses, telephone numbers, and credit card numbers (“PII”) with the User Cookie without robust notice of, and the User’s prior affirmative consent.
Advertising Cookies Policy; Third Party Ad Serving; Conflicts.
Our use of the User Cookie via Remarketing Lists is subject to this Interest Based Advertising Policy and the Google Advertising Cookies Policy. Google’s use of Remarketing Lists is also subject to this Interest Based Advertising Policy and the Google Advertising Cookies Policy.
DoubleClick Remarketing (formerly known as Doubleclick Boomerang) and other Remarketing List Services.
We may not use a Remarketing List created via DoubleClick’s Remarketing or other Remarketing List services on the Properties unless the properties from which those User Cookies were compiled (i) properly disclose the data collection and usage contemplated by this Interest Based Advertising Policy and (ii) comply with the privacy and notice requirements of this Interest Based Advertising Policy.
Remarketing List Transparency.
We grant to Google the right, should Google elect to do so, to display to any end user that is part of our Remarketing Lists that the User is on at least one of our Remarketing Lists, along with displaying our domain or display name. Google may also, should Google elect to do so or should BL Christmas Trees request Google to do so, label advertisements served based on Remarketing Lists or Similar Audience Lists with notices or overlays intended to advise Users that the advertisements are based on Remarketing Lists or Similar Audience Lists.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to amend our Privacy Policy. Amendments will be effective as of the moment of publication on the Website. You should check the Website regularly for amendments. The internet is a global environment and using the internet necessarily involves the collection and processing of personal data on an international basis. Therefore, by using the Website you acknowledge and agree to our processing of personal data in this way. BL Christmas Trees does not intentionally collect any personal data from individuals under the age of 18. When necessary, underage users will be told not to submit any personal details and we will make every effort to delete any details of such users where a parent or guardian has informed us that these details have been collected. This Policy shall in all respects be governed by and construed according to the laws of the Province of Quebec, Canada, excluding its conflict of laws principles.
Questions?
Please contact us with any questions about this website Privacy Policy.
Last update : June 19th, 2014
Sign Up & Receive Exclusive Deals!
Easy & Convenient
ALSO… Farming
Care Instructions
Eco Friendly Christmas Tree
Follow UsFacebookPinterestTwitterGoogle+Plantations BL Christmas Trees
Head Office
7993 Blvd Bourque
Sherbrooke, Qc
J1N 3G7
Loading yards
Highway 16 South
Jefferson, North Carolina
USA 28640
POLICY Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Returns & Refunds
Christmas Tree Shop InquiryToll Free: 1.866.844.4038Wholesale Christmas Trees Inquiry
Toll Free: 1.866.844.4038
© Copyright 2015 BL Christmas Trees
Balsam
Fraser
Brush and Greenery
Contact Us
Navigation
Balsam
Fraser
Brush and Greenery
Contact Us