http://bluegrassbit.com/privacy.aspx
Privacy Policy
We at Bluegrass are committed to protecting the privacy of our clients and visitors to our site. We fully support the Fair Information Practice Principles and want to be clear and straightforward about our privacy policy.
We use the questions below to guide our privacy policy and information practices:
Will any of the collected information be disclosed to others? Any of the basic information you choose to provide to us and that we collect from you is confidential and protected by us. We do not sell, trade or rent your information to others.
How is the collected information protected?
We have several internal controls in place to protect the collected information. We consider the information confidential and proprietary and treat it with the same care and confidentiality as we would our own individual personal information.
Privacy
Client Testimonials
"Bluegrass' expertise in diamond wire sawing services was a great benefit to Dix Corporation while preparing for the installation of a spillway isolation gate at Brilliant Dam... Read More
"I had experience with Bluegrass in the past. They proved to be a high quality dependable contractor capable of completing large projects on schedule... Read More
"Bluegrass provided the support for shipping, repairs, spare parts and consultation. Especially noteworthy was their ability to supply this project with ample quantities of the correct parts... Read More
"The professional staff at Bluegrass quickly responded to our project needs in the U.S. Virgin Islands. We are very pleased with the results and have the highest regards for the employees of Bluegrass... Read More
"Since completion of this project, OCCI has been awarded a similar project at another lock and has partnered with BBC to complete the concrete demolition due to their innovative and team approach to the successful demolition... Read More
Contact Us
Our experts are available to provide a quote or discuss your project.
We have delivered creative concrete and metal cutting solutions since 1979, and welcome the opportunity to assist you.
Request A Quote
Safety
The Bluegrass culture promotes a safety first attitude. On job sites our technicians are prepared, aware, equipped and committed to safe practices.
Read More
Resources
We mobilize a full spectrum of resources to deliver prompt, successful results:
highly trained personnel, dependable equipment, diamond wire saws, robotic hammers, a machine shop and more.
Learn More
FAQ
If your question is not answered here, contact us to discuss your project.
Our experienced staff is prepared to provide solutions to any metal and concrete demolition challenge.
Learn More