https://bmc-global.com/terms-conditions
YOUR STRATEGY EXECUTION PARTNER:
Align | Transform | Realize Value
Login
ABOUT US
ABOUT US
Our Company
Our Company
Our Firm
Benefits Of Working With GBMC
History
Our Consultants
Worldwide Locations
Careers
Testimonials
FAQ
Blog
Contact us
Why Clients choose our services
We work in 50 countries, in 14 languages throughout Asia, Europe, the Middle East and the Americas.
We work with senior executives at leading organizations.
We provide cross-functional project management applications at all levels of the organization.
We are one of the most highly respected project management consulting firms in the world.
We offer world class project management consulting services.
Consultancy Service Global
Top global companies engage GBMC when they need to develop their people, systems and culture to deliver high performance results in line with their strategic objectives. GBMC consultants are adept at analysing the client’s needs, developing targeted, high impact organizational interventions, and deploying solutions to close the strategy execution gap, producing measurable bottom line results. Click
here for more information.
GBMC consultants bring extensive “real-life” Project Management experience which sets GBMC apart from our competition. Our customers benefit from hundreds of years of cumulative experience with organizations …
GMBC’s typical Senior Consultants offer in-demand skills honed in operational PM roles within international, governmental and commercial settings. These include techniques such as leading Agile PM and rapid business process improvement (LEAN/6-Sigma); establishing and maintaining Project Management Office functions; risk and issue management and tracking; implementing decision support IT applications to provide real-time project progress plus training, development and coaching.
Contact us
SERVICES
SERVICES
Strategy Execution and Consulting
Consulting
Services
Project Health Checks
Project Rescue
Project Launch
PM Methods and Systems
PMO Development
Road Map Development
Strategic Leadership and Professional Development
Professional Development
Virtual Learning and Consulting
Onsite Customized Programs
Worldwide Public Courses
Leadership and Management Skills Simulation Programme
On-line course - Project Management Tools & Techniques
E Curriculum
Executive & Team Mentoring
Coaching & Facilitation
Contact us
INDUSTRY
INDUSTRY
PHARMA
TECH
Contact us
RESOURCE CENTER
PARTNERS | CLIENTS
CONTACT US
I'M LOOKING FOR...
I'M LOOKING FOR...
Courses
Articles
Events
Videos
Standards and Certifications
Consulting
Case Studies
GBMC
GBMC Terms and Conditions
At Global Business Management Consultants (GBMC) we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
In terms of consent, we believe we are already compliant, as every person we have in our dbase, has signed up to our tools or services in the past few years, since we moved them into the online arena.
Below explains when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.  We may change these terms from time to time, so please check our website occasionally to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
These new Terms will be effective immediately, for first time clients and effective for existing clients, as from the 25th May 2018.
By signing up to any of our training/learning programmes, online learning, quizzes, assessment tools or App programmes you are agreeing to our terms and conditions.
How do we use the information we have?
The personal information we collect may include your name, title, company, address, country, type of industry, email address, telephone number.
It might also include your financial details such as debit/credit card information. However, if you make a payment online or purchase a service from us, your card information is not held by us, it is collected by our third-party payment processors, who specialise in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions
Any data that we hold within our dbase is only ever used anonymously for benchmarking and research purposes.
Across our Assessment tools and quizzes we benchmark your questionnaire responses and scores by Industry, Company and Country.  We do not use your individual reports, nor your personal data in any context, outside of our training programme or accreditation processes.
We never sell or give away any personal information to any third party.
Sharing Your Data
We may share your data with professional project management institutions but only in the context of your accreditation or professional awards.
You acknowledge that email is an insecure medium, that it is generally not encrypted in transit, and security of information transmitted through the Internet can never be guaranteed.  We are not responsible for any interception or interruption of any communications through the Internet or for changes to, or loss of your data or content information.
Where we have given (or where you have chosen) a password, which enables you to access certain parts of our website or online tools, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.  We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
We may share your information with our third-party service providers, associate consultants and other partner organisations for the purposes of service maintenance, development of new tools, benchmarking or research.  However, when we use third-party service providers, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service and we have a contract in place that requires them to use data, only for these purposes and to keep your information secure.
Access to your information
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of your personal information, please email us at:
enquiries@bmc-global.com.
We may make a small charge for this service.
We of course strive to keep our records up to date and any information that we have in our dbase has come directly from you registering (at some stage) on our system to use one of our Project Management tools. Of course your situation may have changed in the meantime. We’re happy to correct or remove any information that you think may be inaccurate.
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.
Security precautions we have in place to protect your information
When you register for any of our tools and give us your personal information, we take steps to ensure that it is treated securely. Our website is secure and has an SSL certificate.  You know that you’re on a secure website when a ‘lock’ icon appears in your web browser (Google/Microsoft/Firefox) etc.
Our website and tools are protected against Malware, hacks, viruses, current and emerging attacks etc through constant scanning by Sucuri (www.sucuri.net).
Any paying services that we may add to the site in future (such as credit or debit card details) will go through a third party payment system (eg PayPal or other) and will be encrypted and protected by them.
When you register for any of our services, non-sensitive details (your name, email address, etc.) are transmitted normally over the Internet, and this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your information, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
Use of third party tools
We use a number of third party tools to ensure good functionality of our suite of learning and assessment tools.
We cannot be responsible for the practices of other companies and services, we only work with those that are GDPR compliant.
SendGrid (used for automatic processing of confirmation mails, password changes etc. You agree to always update your password once issued with an automated one from our learning tools.)
PMPTestonline
Google Analytics
We also have content feeds from and occasionally to:
YouTube
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google +
Use of ‘cookies’
We use cookies when you are logging on to use our Assessment tools, Quizzes or E-earning  programmes etc, the system recognises who you are which means you don’t need to re-register each time. We also collect statistical data/internet log information through our analytics tools to have an overview of visitor behaviour. This data is only ever used anonymously to compile statistical reports on website activity and to help us improve our website experience for users. You can of course at any time turn off cookies by setting your browser preferences, in some cases you may not be able to access parts of our website or access our suite of tools though if you do so.
For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites or video sites run by other organisations. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies. We cannot be responsible for the practices of other sites.
Transferring personal data outside of Europe
GBMC may process the anonymous benchmarking data and personal information with regards to accreditation or professional awards in any country in which we, our partner institutions or our consultants operate.
As part of our services, (accreditation awards etc) your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Union. These countries may not have similar data protection laws to Europe.  By submitting your personal data to us, for the purposes of accreditation or awards, you are agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing.  We take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are in place to maintain your privacy rights.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or about the information we hold in our dbase, or you wish to remove your personal data from our systems at any time, please contact us by email: enquiries@bmc-global.com