https://bmp.us/privacy-policy/
Categories
Shop All
Tanks & Pressure Tanks
Additional Information
Home
About Us
Capabilities
Case Studies
Contact
FAQ
Feedback Form
Gallery
Privacy Policy
Products
Complex DesignsSheetmetalStampingsTanks & Low Pressure Vessels
Request a Quote
Shop
Product
Small Metal Parts
Thank you
Shipping & Returns
Contact Us
Blog
RSS Syndication
Site Information
Metalfabrications.com
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy of the www.Metalfabrications.com Website
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form on our web site. This information is used to quote your project. It is first submitted to the Berrien Metal Products, Inc. facility. Then, this information can only be used for quoting purposes and both immediate and long term follow up with the customer, unless otherwise noted in this privacy policy. We do NOT spam our cherished customers or allow anyone else to do so. We do not sell, lease, or rent, or transfer your contact information to any third parties. If you feel that this non-legally binding promise has been compromised, bent, or broken, please contact admin@metalfabrications.com.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously. And you may of course choose to call or email us without taking advantage of the online forms. Any of these methods are fine.
For quality assurance and for the best customer experience, we record and observe anonymous user behavior. These recordings are protected by 256 bit AES encryption and automatically deleted after 90 days. The information collected in this way is not used to contact you and no personal information is retained by this method.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To respond to requests for quotes.
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your particular needs).
To improve our web site (we continually improve our web site’s functionality based on the information and feedback we receive from you).
To improve our customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs).
Do we use cookies?
We may. The only cookies used will be those for our shopping cart on this site.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
NO. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties (such as Google) who assist us in operating our web site, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential and never use your information for solicitation or make this information available for other companies to use for solicitation. We may release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
Third Party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our web site These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy, we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our web site and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our web site at your site.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Feedback
Testimonials
"I must admit, I am impressed..."
— Department of Justice Contracting Officer
"Thank you and your team for an awesome product!"
— Submarine Squadron 15 PA Officer
"Thank you for the quick reply- it is rare for us to see a company that responds so fast."
— Army Program Manager
"Your company is always there when I need you."
— Senior Purchasing Representative, Wabco Locomotive
"I want to say thank you to you guys! Getting those parts delivered today absolutely saved me."
— Senior Buyer, Major Hot Water System Supplier
"Thank you for your help."
— 3M Maintenance Planner
"Your entire package was viewed as very impressive by the inspector; the one inspector, who was a self-professed welding expert, raved about the quality of the welds..."
— Senior Buyer, Military Contractor
"I'm told the operator likes Berrien's parts better than the regular supplier..."
— Inventory Control Manager at Dometic Corporation
"The coils you sent look very good."
— Buyer from Oasis Coolers
"Thanks again. I set up one of the parts in a test machine last night and the ice pattern is awesome! Great Work!"
— Researcher at Blentec
"I'm very impressed with your work."
— Buyer from Siluriatech
Previous
Next