https://bobleebows.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
BOB LEE BOWS LLC is serious about privacy and trust. We take great care to protect your identity and privacy, ad have adopted the following policy to protect and secure any identifiable information that you provide us. BOB LEE BOWS LLC will only send you e-news if you have opted in through our email service.
Security
You can shop at BobLeeBows.com with confidence. We have partnered with Authorize.Net, a leading payment gateway since 1996, to accept credit cards and electronic check payments safely and securely for our customers.
The Authorize.Net Payment Gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive customer information through the electronic check and credit card processing networks. See an online payments diagram to see how it works.
The company adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including:
128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions.
Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information.
Compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).
For additional information regarding the privacy of your sensitive cardholder data, please read the Authorize.Net Privacy Policy.
BobLeeBows.com is registered with the Authorize.Net Verified Merchant Seal program.
Info We Collect
Occasionally, we may send a “cookie” to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. A cookie can’t read data off your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites. Cookies do not damage your system. We use cookies so we can recognize you when you return to our sites, or to identify which areas of site you have visited. We may use this information to better personalize the content you see on our sites.
You have the option of setting your browser preferences to refuse all cookies, or to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, some features on our site may not be accessible or may not function as intended.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
While you visit our site, we’ll track:
Products you’ve viewed: we’ll use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewed
Location, IP address and browser type: we’ll use this for purposes like estimating taxes and shipping
Shipping address: we’ll ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, estimate shipping before you place an order, and send you the order!
We’ll also use cookies to keep track of cart contents while you’re browsing our site.
When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:
Send you information about your account and order
Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints
Process payments and prevent fraud
Set up your account for our store
Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes
Improve our store offerings
Send you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them
If you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders.
We generally store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it. For example, we will store order information for ten years for tax and accounting purposes. This includes your name, email address and billing and shipping addresses.
We will also store comments or reviews, if you choose to leave them.
Our team members have access to this information to help fulfill orders, process refunds and support you. We share information with third parties who help us provide our orders and store services to you; for example, PayPal, Authorize.net and UPS Shipping.
The IP address of visitors, user ID of logged in users, and username of login attempts are conditionally logged to check for malicious activity and to protect the site from specific kinds of attacks. Examples of conditions when logging occurs include login attempts, log out requests, requests for suspicious URLs, changes to site content, and password updates. This information is retained for 14 days.
This site is scanned for potential malware and vulnerabilities by Sucuri’s SiteCheck. We do not send personal information to Sucuri; however, Sucuri could find personal information posted publicly (such as in comments) during their scan. Security logs are retained for 14 days.
This site is part of a network of sites that protect against distributed brute force attacks. To enable this protection, the IP address of visitors attempting to log into the site is shared with a service provided by ithemes.com.
We collect information about commenting visitors via our Akismet anti-spam service. This information includes the commenter’s IP address, user agent, and referrer (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself).
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website, we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Only Bob Lee Bows staff members can also see and edit that information.
If you have an account on BobLeeBows.com, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Nextend Social Login stores the personal data on your site and does not share it with anyone except the access token which used for the authenticated communication with the social providers. Nextend Social Login collects data when a visitor register, login or link the account with with any of the enabled social provider. It collects the following data: email address, name, social provider identifier and access token. Also it can collect profile picture and more fields with the Pro Addon’s sync data feature. Nextend Social Login must create a cookie for visitors who use the social login authorization flow. This cookie required for every provider to secure the communication and to redirect the user back to the last location.
Children’s Online Privacy
We are concerned about the privacy of young children and do not knowingly collect any personal information from a child under 13. We encourage you to become involved with your child’s access to the Internet and to our site in order to ensure that his or her privacy is well protected. To read more about online safety and how to become more involved with your child’s online experience, visit the Federal Trade Commission Web site. You may also benefit from the information and resources available on ProtectKids.com.
Contacting Us
If you have comments or questions about any of our policies or our website, please contact us:
903-586-1187
BOB LEE BOWS, LLC
1483 US Hwy 175 W
Jacksonville, TX 75766
Search for:
SHOP
Extras
ABOUT US
Wing Archery / Our History
The Bob Lee Team
Idea Gallery
Bow Care
Videos
Social
Login
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Continue with Facebook
Register
Email address *
Password *
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Register
Continue with Facebook