https://boles.com/privacy.html
Toggle navigation
David Boles
Home(current)
Media
Periodicals
Scripts
Writing
Archives
C.V.
Unified David Boles Privacy Policies
This page discloses the Unified Privacy Policies for the following David Boles owned and operated online properties: Boles.com, BolesBooks.com, ScriptProfessor.com, HardcoreASL.com DavidBoles.com, BolesUniversity.com and sosASL.com.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on these websites. We only have access to collect information that you voluntarily provide via email or other direct contact. We will not sell or rent this information. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization.
Access and Control
You may opt out of any future contact. You may see what data we have about you, if any. You may change/correct any data we have about you.
You may have us delete any data we have about you. You may express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. On some of our sites, we use a secure SSL/HTTPS encrypted tunnel for collecting information and serving you web pages. While we often use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we always protect your information offline. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a file locally stored on your computer to help us improve your access to our site and to identify repeat visits. Cookies also enable us to track and target your interests to enhance the experience on our collective web properties. Usage of a cookie is not linked to any identifiable information.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change and updates will be posted here.
Contact
If you believe we are not abiding this privacy policy, please contact us via telephone at 212.321.3700 or email.