https://bonnebridges.com/privacy-policy/
Phone 213.480.1900
Search for:
Privacy Policy
Bonne, Bridges, Mueller, O’Keefe & Nichols (the “Firm,” “us,” “we” or, in the possessive, “our”) recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of certain information collected about the users and visitors (“user,” “you” or “your”) of this website (“Site” or “Website”). The following privacy and information practices policy discloses and describes what Personal Information we may gather about you, how we may use such Personal Information, and how you can correct or change such information (“Privacy Policy” or “Policy”).
This Policy applies to all of the products, services and websites offered by the Firm or affiliated companies (“Partners”).
You should print a copy of this Privacy Policy for your records. Please note, however, that we may update and amend this Privacy Policy from time to time as we deem necessary in its sole discretion.
If you have any questions about this Policy, please feel free to contact us.
Why We Collect Personal Information
We collect Personal Information in order to help you get the most out of visiting our site.
Personal Information We Collect And How We Use It
As used in this Policy, “Personal Information” means any of the following types of information:
Information you provide – When you sign up for a Bonne, Bridges, Mueller, O’Keefe & Nichols account or other service or promotion that requires registration, we ask you for personal information (such as your name, email address and an account password). For certain goods and services, we may also request credit card or other payment account information which is maintained in encrypted form on secure servers. We may combine the information you submit under your account with information from other Bonne, Bridges, Mueller, O’Keefe & Nichols Services or third parties in order to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of our services. For certain services, we may give you the opportunity to opt out of combining such information.
Cookies – When you visit this Site, we may send one or more cookies to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences and tracking user trends, such as how people search our site. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some Site features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. We never save passwords or credit card information in our cookies.
Log information – When you use our services, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your search request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. With respect to Internet Protocol addresses, we collect them for the following purposes: (1) helping us diagnose and resolve problems with its main computers; (2) administering our systems and this Website; (3) reporting aggregated anonymous information to its business partners and network service providers; and (4) auditing the use of this Website.
User communications – When you send an e-mail or other communication to us, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services.
Affiliated sites – We may offer some of our services in connection with other websites. Personal information that you provide to those sites may be sent to us in order to deliver the service. We process such information in accordance with this Policy. The affiliated sites may have different privacy practices and we encourage you to read their privacy policies.
Links – The Site may present links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. We use this information to improve the quality of our search technology, customized content and advertising.
Other sites – This Privacy Policy applies to websites and services that are owned and operated by the firm. We do not exercise control over the sites displayed as search results or links from within our various services. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you.
We only process personal information for the purposes described in the applicable Privacy Policy and/or privacy notice for specific services. In addition to the above, such purposes include:
Providing our products and services to users, including the display of customized content and advertising;
Auditing, research and analysis in order to maintain, protect and improve our services;
Ensuring the technical functioning of our network; and
Developing new services.
We process personal information on our servers in the United States of America and in other countries. In some cases, we may process personal information on a server outside of the United States. We may process personal information to provide our own services. In some cases, we may process personal information on behalf of and according to the instructions of a third party, such as our advertising partners.
Your Choices For Personal Information
When you sign up for a particular service that requires registration, we ask you to provide personal information. If we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use.
If we propose to use personal information for any purposes other than those described in this Policy and/or in the specific service notices, we will offer you an effective way to opt out of the use of personal information for those other purposes.
With more than 7.
million student loan http://www.apexpaydayloans.com/
borrowers in default and nearly 2 million others seriously behind on their payments, there’s little question that the handful of federal programs designed to help struggling borrowers pay what they can afford aren’t working for everyone
. We will not collect or use sensitive information for purposes other than those described in this Policy and/or in the specific service notices unless we have obtained your prior consent.
You can stop the delivery of future promotional email from us by following the specific instructions in the e-mail you receive. You may also have the option of proactively making choices about the receipt of promotional email, telephone calls, and postal mail from particular Firm sites or services.
You can decline to submit personal information to any of our services, in which case we may not be able to provide those services to you.
Information sharing
The Firm only shares personal information with other companies or individuals outside of the Firm in the following limited circumstances: We have your consent. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.
We provide such information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable terms of use including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of the Firm, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
If we become involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of users who searched for a particular term, for example, or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement. Such information does not identify you individually.
Please contact us at the address below for any additional questions about the management or use of personal data.
Information security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data.
We restrict access to personal information to our employees, contractors and agents who have a need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality agreements and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution if they fail to meet these obligations.
Data Integrity
We process personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Policy or any applicable service-specific privacy notice. We review our data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store and process the personal information needed to provide or improve our services. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary.
Accessing And Updating Personal Information
When you use Bonne, Bridges, Mueller, O’Keefe & Nichols Services, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your personal information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes), or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case, where we provide information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort. Some of our services have different procedures to access, correct or delete users’ personal information. We provide the details for these procedures in the specific privacy policies or FAQs for these services.
How Can You Control the Use of Information?
In the event that you decide that you want to opt out from our use of any Personal Information that you previously provided to (and/or authorized for use by) us, or if any of your Personal Information that you previously provided (such as your zip code or email address) changes, we will use reasonable efforts to provide you with a way to correct, update or remove such Personal Information. We make repeated efforts to verify the accuracy of your Personal Information and to correct and update our databases based on the information available to us. In the event that you believe that any Personal Information held by us is inaccurate or outdated, upon notification and sufficient time for verification we will take all reasonable steps to correct any inaccuracy or update outdated Personal Information of which it is made aware. You may contact us.
Children
We ask that minors (under the age of 13) do not submit any personal information to us.
Changes to this policy
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your explicit consent, and we expect most such changes will be minor. Regardless, we will post any Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Policy changes).
If you have any questions about this Policy, please feel free to contact us.
Subscribe to our newsletter.
First Name
Last Name
Your Email Address
MENU
The Firm
Attorneys
Practice Areas
Medical Malpractice Defense
Disciplinary & Licensing Matters
Elder Abuse & Long Term Care
Complex Litigation
Appellate
Employment Law
Expert Development
News
Join Us
Contact Us