https://bostonvalley.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective August 20, 2010 Boston Valley Terra Cotta’s [Boston Valley] online privacy policy tells you about the information Boston Valley collects through the services available on our website, www.bostonvalley.com. It explains how we use that information and how you can opt out of certain uses of information we may collect. By using our services and accessing our website, you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this statement, as modified from time to time by us. If this privacy policy is not acceptable to you, please do not use this website. If we decide to materially change our privacy policy, we will post a new statement on our website. Therefore, we encourage you to check the date of our privacy policy whenever you visit this website for any updates or changes.
Privacy Notice Table Of Contents
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Links to Other Sites
Our Commitment To Data Security
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
How To Access Or Correct Your Information
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Boston Valley Terra Cotta website. In our Downloads section, you have the option to register and receive access to download certain information. In order to receive access to this information, we require the following information:
First and Last Name
Firm /Company Name
Email address
As a part of this process you will be required to create a username and password. You will have the option to request a new password should you forget your password.
Additionally, you can provide the following information if you wish. Providing this information is optional:
Time Zone
Title at Company
Phone number
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself solely to monitor who is accessing the information and for possible follow up by an employee or company-contracted sales representative. This follow up would simply involve a phone call or email to inquire if you require any further information, have any questions regarding our products, or are able to share any scope details with us if you are considering utilizing our products on a specific project.
We also may collect aggregate information about you and your use of our website whenever you visit us online. For instance, we may collect various forms of “click stream” information such as entry and exit points for our website (i.e., referring URLs or domains), site traffic statistics, page views, impressions, and operating system and browser type. In addition, when you request pages on our website, our servers automatically log your IP addresses. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the internet.
This aggregate information generally will not identify you or be correlated to you individually for external purposes. We may collect, compile, store, publish, promote, report, sell, or otherwise disclose or use any and all aggregate information provided that such information does not reveal your identity. When we share such information with other companies, it is not traceable to any particular user, and will not be used to contact you. If we do correlate any aggregate information to you, such information will be treated like any other personal information under this statement.
We may disclose personal information to conform with the law, respond to claims or comply with legal process served on Boston Valley (e.g., a lawful subpoena, warrant or court order); to protect and defend our or our users’ rights or property, the website, our employees, users or the public, including fraudulent, abusive or unlawful use of our website; or if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies disclosure of records without delay.
We do not share or sell this information to third parties. We will never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Links to Other Sites
Please be aware that we provide links to third-party websites as a service to our users, and that we are not responsible for the content or information collection practices of those pages. Please note that these websites’ privacy policies may differ from those of Boston Valley Terra Cotta. We encourage you to review and understand their privacy practices before providing them with information.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 888-214-3655, send us an email at info@bostonvalley.com, or send us a letter at:
Boston Valley Terra Cotta
6860 South Abbott Road
Orchard Park, NY 14127
Attn: Sales & Marketing Department
Newsletter Sign-Up
Stay up to date with Boston Valley on new projects, restorations, events, and more.
You can unsubscribe at any time.
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Follow UsFacebookInstagramLinkedInYoutubeContact 1-888-214-3655
Find a Rep
Home
Manufacturing
Product Lines
Projects
Resources
About
News
ACAW
Contact
Scroll to top