https://boutinot.com/terms-conditions/
Looks like you're visiting us from United States. Would you like to:
Stay On
Boutinot UK
Visit Boutinot USA, (I am over 21)
Visit
Boutinot International
×
OK
×
Yes
Cancel
+44 (0)161 908 1300
SEARCH
£
bottles
Eq Cases
products
MY ACCOUNT
LOG OUT
Login
//my.boutinot.com
boutinot.com
X
Wines
Producers
Our Stories
Customers
Independent Retail and Wholesale
On-trade
International
National Retailers – UK
Blog
Join Us
Contact Us
X
Account ID:
Switch country:
US
International
Switch country:
US
International
Terms and Conditions
By using this website you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.
1. About Us
This website is brought to you by us, Boutinot Limited, a company registered in England and Wales (Company number 1530086 ) (VAT number 727 0556 35) .  Our main trading and registered office address is Boundary House, Cheadle Point, Cheadle, Cheshire, SK8 2GG England.
2. Privacy
Your privacy is important to you and to us. Please see our Privacy and Cookie policies for information about what information we collect and how we use and protect it.
3. Ownership of materials and licence terms
This website and the materials on it are protected by copyright, trade mark and other intellectual property rights and laws throughout the world. The materials on this website are owned by or are licensed to us. You are permitted to display the materials on this website on a computer screen and to download and print a hard copy for your personal use. If you are a Boutinot customer you are also permitted to use the information on this website in connection with your marketing and sale of our wines and to display the bottle and label images on this website in printed materials used by your own business, on the website of your business and in printed materials supplied by you to your customers for use by them in their businesses, in each case to promote the wines to which the images relate. You are also granted a licence, revocable by us at any time, to maintain a hyperlink to the home page of this website so long as the link does not portray any false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise offensive matter.
You undertake not to:
commercially exploit any of the materials on this website without our prior written consent, except as expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions;
alter any material that you download from this website or alter or remove any copyright, trade mark or other proprietary notices;
use this website to upload or distribute any material that contains any virus or other contaminating or harmful component;
infringe our rights or the rights of any other person; or
do anything that may interfere with or disrupt this website or our services.
4. Website Availability
This website is provided free of charge and we do not warrant or represent that its availability will be uninterrupted or that it will be error free. We reserve the right to suspend or withdraw the whole or any part of this website at any time without notice, without incurring any liability.
5. Links from this Website
Links from this website to websites that are owned and controlled by third parties are only provided for your convenience. We have no control over, and shall have no liability in respect of, those websites or any link contained in them.
6. Accuracy of Information
Whilst we try to keep all information on this website accurate and up-to-date, this is a formidable task and errors do occur.
Boutinot reserves the right to alter any online pricing or promotions without notice. All goods are offered subject to availability.
If you want to be absolutely sure about something please do not hesitate to contact us.
7. Disclaimer
We make no warranties or representations of any kind as to this website, including its operation and the material on it. In particular we do not warrant or represent that the material on this website is accurate, complete or current or that the website, its servers or email sent from us will be free of defects, viruses, or other harmful components.
It is your responsibility to establish such procedures for data backup and viruses checking as you consider necessary. We do not accept any liability for any indirect or consequential loss, howsoever arising, even if we had previous knowledge of the possibility of such loss.
8. Liability
We shall not be liable for any loss or damage (In contract, negligence or otherwise):
(a) Where there is no breach of a legal duty of care owed to you by us;
(b) If the loss or damage is not a reasonably foreseeable result of any such breach; or
(c) To the extent that any increase in loss or damage results from a breach by you of these terms and conditions.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions excludes or limits our liability for fraud, or for death or personal injury cause by our negligence.
9. Viruses, Hacking and other Offences
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful.  You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site.  You must not attack our site via a denial –of –service attack or distributed denial of service attack.
Any person or organisation breaching this term will be liable to compensate us for any loss of revenue and any costs incurred because of such breach.
If you breach this term you will be committing a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990.  We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them.  In the event of such a breach your right to use our site will cease immediately.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of –service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to you downloading any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
10. Variation
We reserve the right to change these Terms and Conditions at any time. The new version will be posted on this website and will take effect and govern all use of the website immediately upon posting. Your use of this website after the new Terms and Conditions have come into effect constitutes your agreement to be bound by the new Terms and Conditions.
11. Other Terms
Our failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither course of conduct nor trade practice shall act to modify any provision of these Terms and Conditions. We may assign our rights under these Terms and Conditions to any other legal entity at any time without notice to you. If a provision of these Terms and Conditions is held to be invalid, void, or unenforceable, that provision shall be treated as severable and will not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions. Any rights not expressly granted by these Terms and Conditions are reserved.
12. Governing Law
These Terms and Conditions are governed by English law and you irrevocably agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts in relation to any dispute of any sort arising out of this website or its use. However, we reserve the right to seek an order for injunctive or other appropriate relief in any court and jurisdiction.
13. How to contact us
If you have any comments or questions about this website or any aspect of our products or services please contact us by one of the methods shown below.
Boundary House
Cheadle Point
Cheadle, Cheshire
SK8 2GG
England
Email: UkCustomerService@boutinot.com
Tel: +44 (0)161 908 1300
CONTACT US
+44 (0)161 908 1300
Boundary House,
Cheadle Point, Cheadle, SK8 2GG
Unit 12.2.1, The Leathermarket,
Weston Street, London, SE1 3ER
INFORMATION
Wines
Producers
Our Stories
Customers
Blog
Join Us
Contact Us
FOLLOW US
COPYRIGHT © BOUTINOT — ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
|TERMS & CONDITIONS
|PRIVACY POLICY
|COOKIE POLICY
|FAQs
|MODERN SLAVERY ACT
|COMPANY REG NO. 1530086
|VAT NO. GB 727 0556 35
Looks like you're visiting us from United States. Would you like to:
Stay On
Boutinot UK
Visit Boutinot USA, (I am over 21)
Visit
Boutinot International