https://boutinot.com/privacy-policy/
Looks like you're visiting us from United States. Would you like to:
Stay On
Boutinot UK
Visit Boutinot USA, (I am over 21)
Visit
Boutinot International
×
OK
×
Yes
Cancel
+44 (0)161 908 1300
SEARCH
£
bottles
Eq Cases
products
MY ACCOUNT
LOG OUT
Login
//my.boutinot.com
boutinot.com
X
Wines
Producers
Our Stories
Customers
Independent Retail and Wholesale
On-trade
International
National Retailers – UK
Blog
Join Us
Contact Us
X
Account ID:
Switch country:
US
International
Switch country:
US
International
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This website is brought to you by us, Boutinot Limited.  By using this website and/or giving your information to us you consent to the collection and use of your personal information in accordance with the terms set out in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect about you and how we may use it. We also explain your rights and how you can contact us.
Please note that this website contains links to other websites which are provided for your convenience.  We are only responsible for the privacy practices and security of this site. We therefore recommend that you check the privacy and security policies and procedures of every other website that you visit.
What information do we collect?
In order to provide you with the information, products and services that you request we may collect personal information about you from our website, telephone conversations, emails and written and oral communications.
We may, for example, keep a record of:
Your name,
Address,
Delivery address,
Email address,
Telephone and fax numbers,
Questions, queries or feedback you leave,
IP address, and details of which version of web browser you used,
Information on how you use the site, using cookies and page tagging techniques.
We may supplement the information that you provide with other information that we obtain from our dealings with you or that we receive from other organisations.
How will we use your information?
All personal information that we obtain about you will be recorded, used and protected by us in accordance with current UK data protection legislation and this Privacy Policy.
Information that you provide or that is obtained by us as a result of your use of this website may be shared by us with other members of the Boutinot Group of companies and will be used primarily:
to provide you with the information, products and services that you have requested
for market research, assessment and analysis,
for record keeping purposes,
to track the activity on this website,
to review, develop and improve this website and the services we offer,
to understand your preferences and to enable us to provide you with information that we think may be relevant and of interest to you,
allow you to access to your online account and make purchases.
Except where required in order to provide you with the services you have requested we would not normally expect to transfer your personal information outside the European Economic Area.  However, if this is done we will take appropriate steps to ensure that your information is properly protected.
Keeping your data secure
Sending information over the internet is generally not completely secure, and we can’t guarantee the security of your data while it’s in transit.
Any data you send is at your own risk.
We have procedures and security features in place to keep your data secure once we receive it.
Disclosing your information
In order to provide information, products and services to you, we may need to appoint other organisations to carry out some of the processing activities on our behalf. These may include, for example, delivery and mailing organisations. Should this arise we will require the organisation concerned to protect any of your personal information that we supply to them to perform their role and to use it only for that purpose.
We may also transfer your personal information on the sale of all or part of our assets or shares to a third party.
Cookies
We will store a number of cookies on your machine, to help us associate important information with you.
For more information on cookies, please view our cookie policy.
Your rights
You have the right to receive a copy of the personal information that we hold about you. We may charge a small fee (£10) towards the costs of administering any request you make if the request is deemed “manifestly unfounded or excessive”.
Updating and correcting your information
Please update your personal information promptly if it changes by contacting us (see the section “How to contact us” below). Please include your name, address and/or email address when you contact us as this helps us to ensure that we accept amendments only from the correct person.
If you would prefer not to receive additional information or details of other similar products or services please contact us or follow the instructions set out in any additional information or offer you receive.
Please note that if you do opt out of receiving information we will be unable to keep you informed of announcements, news, new services and products or special offers that may interest you.
How to contact us
If you would like any further information on how we use and hold your data or have any comments about our privacy policy or any other aspect of our website or service, please contact us using the details shown below:
Customer Services Manager
Boundary House
Cheadle Point
Cheadle
SK8 2GG
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it. We therefore recommend that you check this page periodically in order to review our current policies.
CONTACT US
+44 (0)161 908 1300
Boundary House,
Cheadle Point, Cheadle, SK8 2GG
Unit 12.2.1, The Leathermarket,
Weston Street, London, SE1 3ER
INFORMATION
Wines
Producers
Our Stories
Customers
Blog
Join Us
Contact Us
FOLLOW US
COPYRIGHT © BOUTINOT — ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
|TERMS & CONDITIONS
|PRIVACY POLICY
|COOKIE POLICY
|FAQs
|MODERN SLAVERY ACT
|COMPANY REG NO. 1530086
|VAT NO. GB 727 0556 35
Looks like you're visiting us from United States. Would you like to:
Stay On
Boutinot UK
Visit Boutinot USA, (I am over 21)
Visit
Boutinot International