https://brainstormidsupply.com/policies/
close
Free shipping over $19
Products
Teslin IDs
Inkjet PVC IDs
Holograms
Accessories
Account
Login
Create account
Orders
Track an order
Returns & policies
Shipping times
Self Help
First time printing?
Inkjet PVC
Teslin ID
Layout Tool
Downloads
More...
Brainstorm ID
FAQ & support
Company reviews
About us
Contact
chevron_left
Home
Brainstorm ID - Policies - Returns - Privacy - Etc ...
Customer Service
Your Satisfaction is Guaranteed!
We are here to serve you, so if you have a question or problem at any time during your transaction with us, please contact us right away.
Shipping & Delivery
All orders for stocked items are sent within 1 business days of payment, with most orders shipping the day of payment. We ship primarily using the US Postal Service.
Priority Mail is delivered in 2-3 days (not guaranteed) to the USA. Express Mail is a guaranteed delivery service and is overnight to most areas in the USA (to certain remote areas delivery is guaranteed within 2 business days instead of overnight. If you require overnight delivery, please contact us first to verify your order and shipping location).
Priority International is delivered in 4-7 days internationally (not guaranteed). Express Mail International is delivered in 3-5 days, and is a guaranteed service. All shipments contain tracking numbers which are emailed as soon as the order has shipped.
Privacy & Security
Brainstorm Enterprises collects personal information such as name, address, billing information, shipping addresses, phone number, and email address when provided to us through secure order forms. Brainstorm Enterprises may also collect personal information such as name and email address as a result of email subscriptions, surveys, requested quotes, or other activities when provided to us.
How we use that information
Brainstorm Enterprises may use the personal information to complete and satisfy orders placed and/or contact the customer about their order when necessary. Where required by law, Brainstorm Enterprises may be forced to release customer information to legal authorities in the event of credit card fraud.
Cookies and Web Logs
Brainstorm Enterprises uses cookies, IP address and web log data to collect aggregate data about web site visitors to help us understand how to serve our customers best. We may also use these methods in conjunction with your shopping cart to make specific recommendations of products and services to you.
Security and Protection
Brainstorm Enterprises uses commercially reasonable efforts to store and protect personal information against loss, illegal access, misuse, and destruction. We employ SSL-protected Web pages and 128-bit encryption technology on all pages that require personal information. This means that your information will be transmitted across the Web to us utilizing the highest degree of security currently available. Additionally, we store your account information on a secure server and limit access of your information to authorized personnel.
Returns & Replacements
All returns must be received within 30 days of their delivery. If returning an item for replacement the replacement product will not be shipped until the original item is received and inspected. Once an item has been confirmed defective, the replacement will be shipped.
If returning am order for a refund we will refund the order as soon as it is returned to us and we have inspected it. All returned items must be unused, in re-sellable condition.
The customer is responsible for shipping charges and insurance on all return shipments.
Ordering
Ordering is most convenient when you have an account set up with us. This allows you to re-order past orders, as well as view your order history and order status. Please note that you are free to place your order without setting up an account, for order status information (beyond what is emailed to you automatically), please feel free to contact us.
Payment, Pricing & Promotions
Payment by a Visa, MasterCard, American Express or Discover credit card is accepted at no surcharge. Orders paid with a credit card can only ship to the billing address on the card unless prior arrangements are made. Your card will be charged when the order is placed as all items are stocked (unless specifically stated).
If you prefer to mail in your payment, payment MUST be made using a USPS Postal Money Order. Payments mailed containing a check or other type of money order will be returned. For orders totaling more than $100 payment may be issued via Western Union, MoneyGram, or Bank Wire Transfer. All payment methods are available during checkout.
Sales tax is charged on orders shipping to Massachusetts.
Viewing Orders
To view your past orders simply login to your account by clicking "My Account" at the top of the page.
Your Satisfaction is Guaranteed!
We are here to serve you, so if you have a question or problem at any time during your transaction with us, please contact us right away.
FREE Shipping in U.S.
×
FREE shipping to all U.S. addresses available at checkout:
Less than 9 days
FREE above $19
2-4 days
Available *
1-2 days
Available *
* Exact shipping costs available in cart page and at checkout.
International Addresses
We ship to most international addresses with a tracking number:
20-40 days
Available *
10-20 days
Available *
* Exact shipping costs available in cart page and at checkout.
×
Continue shopping