http://brandtrust.com/websiteprivacypolicy/
Brandtrust Website Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement Overview
Your privacy is important to us and Brandtrust is committed to protecting the privacy of its users and the information that You share in connection with Our Service. Our Privacy Notice describes how we share and transfer Personal Data (defined in the Privacy Policy below) that you voluntarily provide us and our Privacy Policy provides a more detailed description of how we collect, process and manage your Personal Data and informs you of your rights with respect the privacy practices associated with the, use, and disclosure of Personal Data through the Site and Service. Brandtrust may provide additional notices through the Site or Service in addition to these practices or provide you additional choices about how Brandtrust may process your Personal Data. If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or Privacy Policy (“Privacy Statement”), please contact us at info@brandtrust.com.
Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice describes Brandtrust’s collection, use, and disclosure of the information you provide to us through your use of the Site or Service, as well as the rights you have with respect to your Personal Data. For any questions regarding this Privacy Notice please contact Us at info@brandtrust.com.
What do we collect & How do we use it?
This Privacy Notice describes Brandtrust’s collection, use, and disclosure of the information you provide to us through your use of the Site or Service, as well as the rights you have with respect to your Personal Data. For any questions regarding this Privacy Notice please contact us at info@brandtrust.com.
Information we collect from you:
We will collect Personal Data that you voluntarily provide us, for example, when you register for, or subscribe to the Brandtrust blog or other events we may post or share on our Site. We may also collect Personal Data when you sign up for marketing emails, events, or other opportunities through Brandtrust. Personal Data may contain your name, email, contact information, or other information you provide to Brandtrust.
Statistics and information on your use of the Site and Service, including your IP address; device type and unique device identification numbers, device event information, broad geographic location and other technical data collected through cookies or other similar technologies may be collected.
Examples of how We use Your Personal Data:
To provide you with Site and Service
To respond to your requests for information
To monitor the security of the Site or Service
To provide you with promotional communications and materials
We may also obtain information about you through third party sources as permitted by applicable law, such as public databases, social media platforms, and reseller, channel, and joint marketing partners.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We may share Your Personal Data with third parties as follows:
Service Providers.
We may share your Personal Information with third parties, such as vendors and service providers who provide assistance with billing, payment processing, marketing, data analytics support and service associated with the Site or Service.
International Transfers of Information
Information, including information collected in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) may be transferred, stored and processed by us and our services providers in the United States and other countries whose data protection laws may be different than the laws of your country. We will protect your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Notice wherever it is processed and take appropriate steps to protect the information in accordance with applicable laws.
Information Security and Confidentiality
Brandtrust maintains (and requires its subcontractors and service providers to maintain) appropriate organizational and technical measures designed to protect the security and confidentiality of any information we process. However, no organizational or technical measures are 100% secure so you should take care when disclosing information online and act reasonably to protect yourself online in all cases.
Privacy Rights
You may modify the information you have provided to Brandtrust at any time through by contacting info@brandtrust.com. You can also opt-out of receiving marketing communications by contacting us via the same email address.
Additional Rights for EEA users or similar international areas
If you live in the European Economic Area (EEA), or a similar international area, you may have additional privacy rights available to you under applicable laws. We will process your requests in accordance with applicable data protection laws. If you would like to exercise any of the below rights, please contact info@brandtrust.com so that we may consider your request in accordance with applicable law:
Right not to provide or withdraw consent: You have the right not to provide or withdraw your consent at any time.
Right of access: You may have the right to access the Personal Data that you provided us.
Right of erasure: You may have the right to the erasure of Personal Data that we hold about you.
Right to object to processing: You may have the right to request that Brandtrust stop processing your Personal Data and/or to stop sending you marketing communications.
Right to rectification: You may have the right to require us to correct any of Your Personal Data.
TwitterFacebookemailLinkedin
Subscribe to our Blog
Subscribe to our Blog
I agree to Brandtrust’s Privacy Policy.
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more
Got it!