http://brandinstitute.com/privacy-policy/privacy-policy.html
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Brand Institute and its subsidiary Drug Safety Institute (collectively referred to as “Brand Institute”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from customers, clients and survey takers (“Clients”) of Brand Institute.Personal identification informationWe may collect personal identification information from Clients in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Clients contract with Brand Institute for services, when Clients visit our Site, register on the Site, place an order, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Clients may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number. Clients may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Clients only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Clients may refuse to supply personal identification information with the understanding that such refusal may impact Clients contractual relationship with Brand Institute.Non-personal identification informationWe may collect non-personal identification information about Clients whenever they interact with our Brand Institute or our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Clients’ means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.Web browser cookiesOur Site may use “cookies” to enhance Client experience. Clients’ web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. Clients may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.How we use collected informationBrand Institute may collect and use Clients personal information for the following purposes:
– To improve customer serviceInformation you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
– To perqsonalize Client experienceWe may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Clients as a group use the services and resources provided by our company and on our Site.
– To improve our SiteWe may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
– To process paymentsWe may use the information Clients provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
– To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site featureTo send Clients information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
– To send periodic emailsWe may use the email address to send Clients information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If Clients decide to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time Clients would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, they may do so by contacting us via our Site.
How we protect your informationWe adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.Sharing your personal informationWe do not sell, trade, or rent Clients’ personal identification information to others.We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and Clients with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Clients and Site visitors may request that their personal identification information not be shared with third parties.
NOTE: You have the right to access, correct or delete your Personal Data
Brand Institute may share personal information if required to do so in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirementsChanges to this privacy policyBrand Institute has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site and revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Clients to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your California privacy rights
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, California Civil Code Section 1798.100, if you are a resident of California you may contact us with regard to the following rights in relation to your personal data:
Right of Access: You have a right to request access to the personal data we may hold on you for the past twelve (12) months. You may submit up to two (2) requests per year of access to your personal data.
Right to Opt-In/Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Data: For individuals sixteen (16) years or older, you have the right to opt-out of sale of personal data we may hold on you. You can exercise this right at any time by pressing the “California resident - Do not sell” link in the footer of every page. For individuals between thirteen (13) to sixteen (16) years old, you have the right to opt-in to the sale of personal data we may hold on you.
Right to Deletion: You also have the right to ask us to delete personal data we may hold on you or restrict how it is used. There may be exceptions to the right to deletion for specific legal reasons which, if applicable, we will set out for you in response to your request.
Right to Non-Discrimination: We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your California Consumer Privacy Act rights.Your acceptance of these termsBy contracting for services with Brand Institute or using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site and Brand Institute services following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed as your acceptance of those changes.
Access to your information
Clients may access personal identification information, on request, to ensure its accuracy.
Contacting usIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site and Brand Institute, or your dealings with this Site and Brand Institute, please contact us at:
Brand Institute, Inc.200 SE 1st St 12th FloorMiami, FL 33131 legal@brandinstitute.com P: 305 374 2500 F: 305 374 2504
This document was last updated on October 19, 2020.
BRANDING Brand Institute is the world’s premier brand identity consultancy. Our brand agency portfolio of services includes brand strategy/architecture, name development, market research, regulatory and visual identity solutions.
Office Locations  Basel – 41-78-879-4619
Boston – (781) 602-6044
Chicago – (312) 475-9600
Dallas – (512) 369-9100
Frankfurt – 49-1726-574-189
London – 44-7896-875-113
Los Angeles – (310) 830-6111
Miami – (305) 374-2500
New York – (212) 557-2100
Ottawa – (613) 404-7540
Raleigh – (919) 572-9311
Rockville – (301) 984-1055
San Francisco – (415) 421-3200
São Paulo – 55 (11) 945-364-083
Seattle – (206) 204-5111
Seoul – 82-10-8000-4842
Tokyo – 81-80-6688-6653
Toronto – (416) 622-5777
Our Headquarters 200 SE 1st Street, 12th Floor
Miami, FL 33131
(305) 374-2500
CAREERS
MEMBER SERVICES
PRESS
PRIVACY POLICY
© 2020 Brand Institute Inc.
HOME
ABOUT
Brand Institute (BI)
Drug Safety Institute (DSI)
Rx/USAN/INN Share of Market Approvals
SERVICES
Brand Strategy
Name Development
Trademarks
Market Research
Regulatory
Visual Identity
EXPERIENCE
Consumer Experience
Healthcare Experience
Nonproprietary Experience
Rx/USAN/INN Share of Market Approvals
MEDIA
In the News
Press Room
Videos
CONTACT
MEMBERS