http://breyton.com/privacy-policy
Inside Breyton
Breyton Company
Breyton Design Lab
Production Technology
Quality Wheel
Wheel Collection
Vehicle Fitment
Dealer Locator
Photos & Videos
Photo Gallery
Video Gallery
Latest Updates
Certification Archives
Sales / Contact
Sales Enquiry
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
We appreciate your interest in our website http://breyton.com/ (hereinafter: “Website”). We respect your privacy. Therefore, we only collect and process your personal data in accordance with the relevant legal provisions.
This Privacy Notice explains to you what types of personal information we collect and how we process it when you use the Website.
Controller and data protection officer
The controller within the meaning of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Article 4 (7) of the General Data Protection Regulation (Datenschutz-Grundverordnung, DS-GVO) is: bd breyton design GmbH, Gießereistraße 14, D-78333 Stockach, Germany; telephone: +49 (0)7771 5270; e-mail: info@breyton.com or. datenschutz@breyton.com (hereinafter: “Breyton”, “we”, “our”, “us” etc.).
Personal data
Personal data is all information that can be individually assigned to you directly or indirectly. This can be, for example, your name, your address, your telephone number, your fax number as well as your e-mail address. In contrast, non-personal data refers to information of a general nature that cannot be used to identify you. This can be, for example, the number of users of the website.
Collecting and processing personal data
Web server logs (including IP address)
When you visit our Website, our web server automatically collects for technical reasons your IP address, the date and time of when you visit the Website, the subpages visited on the Website, the website you visited beforehand as well as the browser you use (e.g. Mozilla Firefox or Google Chrome), the operating system you use (e.g. Windows 10), as well as the domain name and the address of you Internet provider (e.g. Deutsche Telekom). Insofar as cookies are used on this Website, the web server collects this information too.
We process this information as part of our efforts to (i) give you the most optimal and meaningful experience of use when visiting and using our Website and our services; and (ii) to optimize our Website, its layout, and content as well as our services. The legal basis for this are our legitimate interests (Article 6 (1) (f) DS-GVO) by which we provide to you our Website and our services in such a way that they meet your expectations and needs on the one hand and meet our commercial interests on the other hand.
In addition, in case of abuse of the system, we can together with your Internet provider and/or the local authorities process and use the recorded information to determine the originator of such abuse. The legal basis for this are our legitimate interests (Article 6 (1) (f) DS-GVO), which are to protect the integrity of the Website, our system, and our users.
Services on our Website
Moreover, we only collect your personal data if you have provided us your information on a voluntary basis in order to use one of our services on offer (e.g. a request using our contact form or ordering information material via our Website). We process this personal data for the following purposes stated below.
Contact form
We collect your name, your e-mail address, your telephone number (where applicable), your country of origin, as well as your text message and product specifications when sending your request via our contact form. We process this personal data to be able to process your request and to reply to it.
The legal basis for this is the fulfilment of our pre-contractual duties (Article 6 (1) (b) DS-GVO).
Newsletter
Insofar as you have given us your consent, we will also collect your e-mail address when you subscribe to our newsletter. If, during subscribing, you also enter other information such as the form of address, your name, and your address, we also collect this data. We process this personal data to send out and analyze our newsletter.
To send out and analyze our newsletter, we use the newsletter distribution platform MailChimp provided by Rocket Science Group LLC, 675 Ponce De Leon Ave. NE #5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA. For more information, please also refer to section 4.b.
To obtain your consent, we use the so-called “double-opt-in” method: Once you have subscribed to our newsletter, we send you an e-mail with a request to confirm your subscription via a link. Your e-mail address is only added to the recipients of the newsletter once you have confirmed by clicking the link.
By clicking on the respective link in the footer of the newsletter, you can unsubscribe from the newsletter with future effect at any time without affecting the lawfulness of the processing carried out until revocation.
The legal basis for this is your given consent (Article 6 (1) (a) DS-GVO as well as Section 7 (2) no. 3 of the German Act Against Unfair Competition (Gesetz gegen den unlauteren Wettbewerb, UWG)).
Ordering information material
We collect, among other things, your e-mail address and postal address if you order product catalogs, brochures, and other information via our Website. We process this data solely for the purpose of providing you with the information material you ordered.
The legal basis for this is the fulfilment of our contract or pre-contractual duties (Article 6 (1) (b) DS-GVO).
Transfer of personal data
We do not transfer your personal data to third parties unless this is necessary for processing a request, permitted in accordance with the respective legal provisions, or if you have given us your consent.
In keeping with data protection requirements, we shall continue to be entitled to pass on in full or in part the processing and use of personal data to external agents, who work for us as processors (Article 4 (8) DS-GVO). Processors help us, among other things, with technical website operations and support, with data management, with providing and rendering services, with marketing and sending out newsletters, as well as with website analysis. In this context, the processors hired by Breyton exclusively process your data in accordance with our instructions. In doing so, Breyton shall remain responsible for the protection of your personal data, which is ensured by technical and organizational measures as well as complementary checks carried out by us.
If these processors are located outside the European Union or are not part of the Agreement on the European Economic Area (EEA), we will carry out appropriate safeguards in accordance with statutory (in particular Article 44 et seqq. DS-GVO) and supervisory regulations (such as concluding standard contractual clauses with the processor, where applicable) to ensure that your personal data is protected.
Period for which the personal data will be stored
Your personal data will only be stored by us as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which they were collected or — insofar as statutory regulations on retention periods exist that go beyond that — for the period required by law. Afterwards, your personal data will be deleted.
Web analysis, cookies, and other technology as well as plug-ins and tools
We would like to provide you with an optimal and meaningful user experience. For this reason, we use cookies and other technologies on the platform and within our scope of services to (a) better understand how our users use the Website and our services; (b) optimize and improve our Website and services; and (c) provide and maintain within a possible and reasonable scope a functioning and accurately running Website.
Cookies and other technologies help us to make your visit on our platform more pleasant, efficient, and meaningful.
Cookies and text information files are sent from our web server to your computer and set there when you visit our platform. Most browsers automatically accept cookies; however, they can be configured via the browser settings in such a way that they reject cookies or alert you when a cookie is sent. You can reject cookies or delete them at a later point in time. In general, it is not necessary to accept cookies to be able to use the Website. There are certain areas and functions, however, that you cannot use without cookies.
Instructions on how to delete cookies in the most common browsers are listed in the following overview:
Microsoft Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/fil-ph/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored
Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
Apple Safari: https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac
Opera: https://help.opera.com/en/latest/web-preferences/#cookies
The cookies used on our Website can be divided into the following categories:
Technically necessary session cookies
These session cookies serve as feature of identification for one single uninterrupted visit to the Website. They are only valid for the current session and are deleted after closing the browser. For each visit, only a random number and no personal data is saved for technical processes in the background.
The legal basis for this is the fulfilment of our contractual duties (Article 6 (1) (b) DS-GVO).
Persistent analysis cookies based on user behavior
These persistent cookies allow us to save, manage, and evaluate information on user behavior that is collected while continuously tracking user behavior. Thanks to the user profiles, the cookies help us to determine the number of users who visit our Website and use our services, to determine the most popular areas of our Website to improve browsing our Website, and to offer you better services.
The legal basis for this are our legitimate interests (Article 6 (1) (f) DS-GVO). Our legitimate interests in this context are to provide a user-friendly and meaningful Website that corresponds to your needs and expectations and meets your commercial interests.
We use the following services from external service providers that employ cookies and other technologies. If you do not agree to any such use, you can on the one hand refuse these services by deactivating the respective cookies in your browser. On the other hand, you can also directly deactivate the use of such a service via the respective opt-out link or other measures. For more information on the opt-out link and other possible deactivating measures, please see the following overview below under the heading “Opt out”. For further information on the respective services, please refer to the “privacy notice” etc. of the respective service that you can access by using the link in the following overview under the heading “privacy notice”.
Google Analytics
For optimization purposes, our Website uses the “Google Analytics” website analysis service of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). Google Analytics sets a cookie on your computer to be able to recognize you on an anonymous basis when you return to a specific website. Google uses the information provided by the cookie to save a profile of the websites you visited within a session.
The information generated by the cookie on the use of this Website is usually transferred to a Google server in the United States and saved there. To increase the security of your personal data, we use the feature “anonymize IP” provided by Google. This ensures that your IP address is abbreviated beforehand by Google within Member States of the European Union and other countries that are contracting parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases does Google transfer the full IP address to a Google server in the United States and then abbreviate it there. In addition, we have concluded with Google a data processing agreement on the use of Google Analytics (Art. 28 DS-GVO). Google will use this information on our behalf to analyze how you use the Website and to compile for us reports on website activities to render further services to us that are connected to the use of the Website and the Internet. Breyton uses the data received by Google Analytics for business planning, for its own business activities, as well as for marketing measures to be able to understand how the content of our web services and the experience related thereto can be improved.
The legal basis for this are our legitimate interests (Article 6 (1) (f) DS-GVO). Our legitimate interests in this context are to provide a user-friendly and meaningful Website that corresponds to your needs and expectations and meets your commercial interests.
Opt-Out: You can prevent the use of cookies and deactivate the service under: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout by downloading and installing to your current browser the browser add on to deactivate Google Analytics.
Google Privacy Notice: For further information, please go to: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
Google is EU-U.S. privacy-shield certified (please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active to view) to ensure an appropriate level of data protection when processing your personal data in the USA.
In addition, the Website uses the following plug-ins and tools:
YouTube
The Website uses plug-ins from the social networking website YouTube in a so-called “extended data protection mode”. YouTube is operated by YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA (“YouTube”).
Within the context of the extended data protection mode, a cookie is only saved to your computer once you play the video. If you want to ensure that YouTube neither collects nor processes any personal data, please do not click onto the embedded video. Playing a video on the Website establishes a connection with YouTube’s servers. In doing so, YouTube’s server is notified of the pages you visited on the Website.
If you are logged into your YouTube account, you enable YouTube to directly assign your surfing behavior to your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out from your YouTube account.
The legal basis for embedding the YouTube plug-in are our legitimate interests (Article 6 (1) (f) DS-GVO). Our legitimate interests in this context are to provide you with a pleasing and user-friendly presentation of our Website.
YouTube Privacy Notice: For further information, please go to: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
YouTube — a subsidiary of Google LLC — is EU-U.S. privacy-shield certified (please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active to view) to ensure an appropriate level of data protection when processing your personal data in the USA.
Google Maps
Our Website uses the map service Google Maps via an interface (API), provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”).
Your IP address has to be stored, among others, to use the services of Google Maps. Google usually transfers this information to a Google server in the United States and then stores it there.
The legal basis for using Google Maps are our legitimate interests (Article 6 (1) (f) DS-GVO). Our legitimate interests in this context are to provide you with a pleasing and user-friendly presentation of our Website, in particular when it comes to easily finding places shown by us on the Website.
Google Privacy Notice: For further information, please go to: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
Google is EU-U.S. privacy-shield certified (please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active to view) to ensure an appropriate level of data protection when processing your personal data in the USA.
Google-Captchas
In certain cases, our Website uses the service Captchas provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). The service Captchas especially serves to be able to discern whether an entry is made by a natural person or fraudulently by machine or automated processing. Your IP address has to be stored, among others, to use the services of Captchas. Google usually transfers this information to a Google server in the United States and then stores it there.
The legal basis for this are our legitimate interests (Article 6 (1) (f) DS-GVO). Our legitimate interests in this context are to provide a secure and operational Website.
Google Privacy Notice: For further information, please go to: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
Google is EU-U.S. privacy-shield certified (please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active to view) to ensure an appropriate level of data protection when processing your personal data in the USA.
MailChimp Tracking-Pixel
Our newsletters use a MailChimp tracking pixel provided by Rocket Science Group LLC, 675 Ponce De Leon Ave. NE #5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA (“MailChimp”). This involves a pixel-sized file that is retrieved from MailChimp’s server when opening our newsletter that collects and processes data on if and when you opened the newsletter and which links you clicked on in the newsletter. This helps us to evaluate the reading habits of our newsletter recipients and to adapt and optimize our content accordingly. MailChimp usually transfers this information to a Google server in the United States and then stores it there. We have no influence on this data transfer.
The legal basis for embedding the tracking pixels are our legitimate interests (Article 6 (1) (f) DS-GVO). Our legitimate interests in this context are to provide you with a pleasing and user-friendly presentation of our newsletter.
MailChimp Privacy Notice: For further information, please go to: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/.
MailChimp is EU-U.S. privacy-shield certified (please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TO6hAAG to view) to ensure an appropriate level of data protection when processing your personal data in the USA.
Please note: If you open our newsletter online e.g. for proper display via the link in our newsletter, you are redirected to the website of MailChimp. In this context we would like to point out to you that MailChimp’s website may use cookies we have no influence on. For further information, please refer to MailChimp’s privacy policy at https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/.
Your rights regarding data protection
Right to object in accordance with Article 21 (1) and (2) DS-GVO
For grounds relating to your particular situation, you are entitled to object at any time to the processing of your personal data that is conducted based on Article 6, (1) (e) or (f) of the DS-GVO.
We will not process your personal data following an objection unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims (cf. Art. 21 (1) DS-GVO), so-called “limited right to object”). In this case, you have the right to object by producing grounds relating to your particular situation.
In addition, you have the right to object at any time without giving reasons if your personal data is processed for direct marketing purposes.
Furthermore, you shall be entitled to the following rights in accordance with applicable data protection law. For this purpose, please contact us under the details given above in section 1.
Access to data: You have the right to request information about your personal data stored by us at any time.
Right to rectification: When we process your personal data, we make every effort to ensure with reasonable measures that your personal data is correct and up-to-date for the purposes for which it was collected. In the event that your personal data is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to obtain the rectification of this data.
Right to erasure and restriction: You may have the right to have your personal data erased or its processing restricted if, for example, there is no longer a legitimate business purpose and statutory retention requirement for such processing in accordance with this Privacy Notice or applicable law that would preclude such a deletion.
Right to data portability: You may have the right to receive personal data concerning you which you have provided to a controller in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable and interoperable format, and to transmit it to another controller.
Right to withdraw your consent: If you have consented to the collection and processing of your personal data, you may withdraw your consent at any time with future effect without affecting the lawfulness of the processing carried out until revocation. In addition, you may object to the use of your personal data for the purposes of market research, opinion polling, and advertising and unsubscribe from receiving our newsletter (see section 3.b above).
Competent supervisory authority for possible complaints: If you have a complaint, you can also contact the competent supervisory authority: Commissioner for data protection and freedom of information Baden-Württemberg; mailing address: PO box 102932, 70025 Stuttgart, Germany; website: www.baden-wuerttemberg.datenschutz.de; telephone: +49 (0) 711 711 61 -0, E-mail: poststelle@bfarm.de. For a list of other eligible supervisory authorities, please go to https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html.
Links to other websites:
This Website also contains links to other websites. The Privacy Notice described here does not apply to these other websites. We kindly ask you to visit these other websites directly for information on data protection and how they handle your personal data. We cannot be held liable for any action taken on these other websites or for their content.
Our Website contains, among others, links to our company websites in social networks such as Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter. The respective links are marked by the respective network logo.
These comprise so-called social plug-ins. Accordingly, no direct connection is established to the servers of the respective network operator and no web server information (see section 3.a above) is transmitted to the web server of the respective network operator when you visit our Website. The social network operators will therefore not know that you are visiting our Website.
This only changes if you press one of the links to the social networks. Due to the information automatically sent by your web server to the respective network operator, this operator can see that you previously visited our Website. If you have a user account at the respective social network and are logged in, the respective network operator can also connect this information with the information of your user account. For more information on the further processing of information via the respective network operator as well as related rights and settings options to protect your privacy, please refer to the privacy notices of the respective network operators.
Facebook, Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave., Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php and https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/
Instagram, Instagram LLC, 1601 Willow Rd., Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA: https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875 and https://help.instagram.com/1896641480634370?ref=ig
Twitter, Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA: https://twitter.com/en/privacy and https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies#
Reservation of right of modification
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice at any time in accordance with legal requirements. This can be necessary, e.g. to comply with new legislation or new services.
Last updated: September 2018