http://brfoods.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy ("Policy") explains how personal information is collected, used, and disclosed by Baldwin Richardson Foods ("Baldwin Richardson,” “we” or “us”) with respect to your use of the Web site located at www.brfoods.com (the “Site”) so you can make an informed decision about using the Site.  We reserve the right to change the provisions of this Policy at any time. We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the Policy the date it was last updated.  We encourage you to review this Policy from time to time to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.  What Is Personal Information? As used herein, the term "personal information" means information that specifically identifies an individual (such as a name, address, telephone number, mobile number, e-mail address, or credit card number), or information about that individual that is directly linked to personally identifiable information.  Personal information does not include "aggregate" information, which is data we collect about the use of the Site or about a group or category of services or users, from which individual identities or other personal information has been removed.  This Policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate information. What Personal Information Do We Collect? Active Collection: Personal information may be collected in a number of ways when you visit our Site.  We collect certain information you voluntarily provide to us, such as when you send us an email, fill out a form, or provide or request information.  Such information may include personal information, such as your name, user name, email, address, telephone number, other contact and demographic information, and credit card number.  In addition, from time to time we may collect demographic, contact or other personal information you provide in connection with your participation in surveys, sweepstakes, contests, games, promotional offers, and other activities on the Site. Passive Collection: When you use the Site, some information is also automatically collected, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your operating system, the browser type, the address of a referring web site, and your activity on the Site. We treat this information as personal information if we combine it with or link it to any of the identifying information mentioned above. Otherwise, it is used in the aggregate only. We may also automatically collect certain information through the use of "cookies" or web beacons.  Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive at the request of a website.  Among other things, cookies help us improve our Site and your experience.  If we link cookies to any personally identifying information, we will treat this information as personal information.  If you wish to block, erase, or be warned of cookies, please refer to your browser manufacturer to learn about these functions.  However, if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or Services on our Site.  Web beacons are small, invisible graphic images that may be used on the Site or in emails relating to the Site to collect certain information and monitor user activity on the Site.   How Do We Use the Personal Information We Collect? We use personal information collected through our Site for the purposes described in this Policy or elsewhere on the Site.  For example, we may use personal information we collect:
to provide the services, products, or information you request, and to process and complete any transactions in connection therewith;to request feedback and to otherwise contact you about your use of the Site;to respond to your emails, submissions, questions, comments, requests, and complaints and provide customer service;to monitor and analyze site usage and trends, and to personalize and improve the Site and our users' experiences on the Site, and to increase the Site's functionality and user friendliness;to provide you with news and information about our or third party events, activities, offers, promotions, products, and services we think will be of interest to you;to send you confirmations, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of, the Site;to notify you about important changes to our Site; andfor any other purpose for which the information was collected.We may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries. What Personal Information Do We Share With Third Parties? We will not share the personal information we collect from you through this Site with third parties, except as described in this Policy or on the Site.  For example, we may share personal information as follows:
with vendors, consultants, and other service providers ("Service Providers") who are engaged by or working with us in connection with the operation of the Site or the services we provide and who need access to such information to carry out their work for us;when you give us your consent to do so, including if we notify you on the Site that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information;  when we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with the law or legal processes or respond to lawful requests or legal authorities, including responding to lawful subpoenas, warrants, or court orders;when we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Baldwin Richardson, our employees, copyright owners, third parties or the public, including without limitation to protect Baldwin Richardson from fraudulent, abusive, inappropriate, or unlawful use of our Site;to enforce or apply this Policy, our Terms of Use, or our other policies or agreements; andin connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition, or in any other situation where personal information may be disclosed or transferred as one of the business assets of Baldwin Richardson.We are not responsible for the actions of Service Providers or other third parties, nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to any third parties, and we encourage you to become familiar with their privacy practices before disclosing information directly to any such parties.  Nothing herein restricts the sharing of aggregated or anonymized information, which may be shared with third parties without your consent. Links to Other Websites Our Site may contain links to other websites.  Any personal information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party's privacy policy.  This Policy does not apply to such linked sites, and we are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of these websites or any other sites that are linked to from the Site.  We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information. What Steps Do We Take To Protect Your Information Online? We take reasonable measures to protect your personal information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.  Please be aware, however, that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and no method of data transmission that can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. To protect the confidentiality of personal information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. You are responsible for all uses of our web site by any person using your password.  Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused. What Choices Do You Have Regarding the Use of Your Information? You may "opt out" of receiving marketing or promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails.  If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations. Questions? If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at info@brfoods.com.
Who We Are
Our Story
Our People
Our Partners
Our Customers
Our Locations
Contact Us
What We Do
Custom Formulation
Syrups
Fillings
Sauces
Toppings
Custom Packaging
How We Partner
Product Development
Ideation
Creation
Commercialization
Optimization
Insights
Sensory
Assured Supply
What We Believe
Business Philosophy
Shared Values
Vision & Mission
Employees
Sustainability
Community
Food Safety & Quality
Continuous Improvement
Join Us
Work Here
Careers that Matter
Job Openings
Contact us