https://brightspark.com/privacy-policy
Invest with us
How it works
Individual Investments
Brightspark Canadian Opportunities Fund
Secondaries
Get started
For companies
About
Our Approach
People
Portfolio
Contact
Blog
Login
Get started
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes Brightspark Ventures’ (herein referred to as “Brightspark”) policies and procedures on the collection, use, and disclosure of your information when you use the Brightspark website and related services (herein referred to as the “Service”. We will not use or share your personal information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources.
Information Collection and Use
Brightspark uses personal information we collect to provide the Service, analyze how the Service is used, diagnose service or technical problems, maintain security, personalize content, remember information to help you efficiently access your account, monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns, and track user content and users as necessary to comply with applicable laws.
User-Provided Information: You provide us information about yourself, such as your name and e-mail address, if you register for a member account with the Service. We may use your email address to send you Service-related notices (including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail). We may also use your contact information to send you marketing messages primarily, but not exclusively, regarding investment opportunities, as this is an integral part of the Service. If you do not want to receive such messages, you may opt-out by following the instructions in the message. If you correspond with us by email, we may retain the content of your email messages, your email address and our responses.
Cookies: When you visit the Service, we may send one or more “cookies” – small data files – to your computer to uniquely identify your browser and let Brightspark help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site. A cookie may convey anonymous information about how you browse the Service to us, but does not collect personal information about you. A persistent cookie remains on your computer after you close your browser so that your browser can use it on subsequent visits to the Service. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Service may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
Log Files: Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page. When you use the Service, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.
Clear GIFs Information: When you use the Service, we may employ clear GIFs (also known as web beacons), which are used to track the online usage patterns of our users anonymously. No personally identifiable information from your Brightspark account is collected using these clear GIFs. In addition, we may also use clear GIFs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients. The information is used to enable more accurate reporting and make Brightspark better for our users.
Third-Party Services: Brightspark may use Google Analytics or other such services to help understand use of the Service. Such software collects the information sent by your browser as part of a web page request, including cookies and your IP address. Google Analytics and other such services deployed also receive this information and their use of it is governed by their Privacy Policies.
How We Share Your Information
Personally Identifiable Information: Brightspark may share your personally identifiable information with third parties for the purpose of providing the Service to you. If we do this, such third parties’ use of your information will be bound by this Privacy Policy. We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of Brightspark (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers).
As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Customer, email, and visitor information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions. We may also transfer or assign such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, or dissolution.
We may share or disclose your information with your consent, such as if you choose to sign on to the Service through a third-party service. We cannot control such third parties’ use of your information.
Brightspark may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect Brightspark’s rights or property.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for certain Brightspark services.
Brightspark may allow third-party ad servers or ad networks to serve advertisements on the Service. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on Brightspark. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or web beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content. Brightspark does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent. However, please note that if an advertiser asks Brightspark to show an advertisement to a certain audience and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach. The Brightspark Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, third-party advertisers. Please consult the respective privacy policies of such advertisers for more information.
How We Protect Your Information
Brightspark uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Brightspark or guarantee that your information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
In the event that personal information is compromised as a result of a breach of security, Brightspark will promptly notify those persons whose personal information has been compromised, in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise required by applicable law.
Your Choices About Your Information
You may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable information through the Service, in which case Brightspark may not be able to provide certain services to you. You may update or correct your account information and email preferences at any time by logging in to your account.
Children’s and Teen’s Privacy
Brightspark does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 18 or knowingly allow such persons to register with the Service. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child or teen under age 18, we take steps to remove that information.
Links to Other Web Sites
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from the Service, nor the information or content contained therein. When you use a link to go from the Service to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on our website, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on this page to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page and Brightspark is not obligated to provide notice of any such changes. Brightspark recommends that you check this Privacy Policy at a time interval of your choosing.
If you have any questions about our practices or this privacy policy, please contact us at privacy@brightspark.com or send mail to:
Brightspark Ventures101 College St, Suite 320MaRS Centre, Heritage BuildingToronto, ON M5G 1L7
×
Contact Us
×
Please fill out the form below, a member of our team will follow-up with you shortly.
Send Message