http://brigade.uk.com/content.php?page=privacy
Sweatshirts
Knitwear
Polo Shirts
Jackets
Boys PE Kit
Girls PE Kit
Headwear
Bags
Blazers
Shirts
Ties & Accessories
Trousers, Skirts & Dresses
100's more products
CHANGING UNIFORM / BRANDING? CLICK HERE
Home
About Us
Embroidery
How to Order
Contact Us
Your Cart
Number of Items: 0
Total: £0.00
Testimonials
"Your professionalism and organisation was lovely to work alongside"
Atlantic Academy Portland
View All Testimonials
Quick Links
How to Order
Why Choose Us
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
BACKGROUND: Brigade Clothing Limited understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used. We respect and value the privacy of all of our customers and suppliers and will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a way that is consistent with our obligations and your rights under the law. 1. Information About Us Brigade Clothing Limited Registered in England under company number 02488862 Registered address: 1110 Elliott Court Coventry Business Park, Herald Avenue, Coventry, West Midlands, United Kingdom, CV5 6UB. Main trading address: 15 Binns Cl, Coventry CV4 9TB VAT number: 545 0251 71 Data Protection Officer: Vickie Moore Email address: gdpr@brigade.uk.com Telephone number: 02476 421083 Postal Address: 15 Binns Cl, Coventry CV4 9TB 2. What Does This Notice Cover? This Privacy Information explains how we use your personal data: how it is collected, how it is held, and how it is processed. It also explains your rights under the law relating to your personal data. 3. What is Personal Data? Personal data is defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679) (the "GDPR") as ‘any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier’. Personal data is, in simpler terms, any information about you that enables you to be identified. Personal data covers obvious information such as your name and contact details, but it also covers less obvious information such as identification numbers, electronic location data, and other online identifiers. The personal data that we use is set out in Part 5, below. 4. What Are My Rights? Under the GDPR, you have the following rights, which we will always work to uphold: a) The right to be informed about our collection and use of your personal data. This Privacy Notice should tell you everything you need to know, but you can always contact us to find out more or to ask any questions using the details in Part 11. b) The right to access the personal data we hold about you. Part 10 will tell you how to do this. c) The right to have your personal data rectified if any of your personal data held by us is inaccurate or incomplete. Please contact us using the details in Part 11 to find out more. d) The right to be forgotten, i.e. the right to ask us to delete or otherwise dispose of any of your personal data that we have. Please contact us using the details in Part 11 to find out more. e) The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data. f) The right to object to us using your personal data for a particular purpose or purposes. g) The right to data portability. This means that, if you have provided personal data to us directly, we are using it with your consent or for the performance of a contract, and that data is processed using automated means, you can ask us for a copy of that personal data to re-use with another service or business in many cases. h) Rights relating to automated decision-making and profiling. We do not use your personal data in this way. For more information about our use of your personal data or exercising your rights as outlined above, please contact us using the details provided in Part 11. Further information about your rights can also be obtained from the Information Commissioner’s Office or your local Citizens Advice Bureau. If you have any cause for complaint about our use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office. 5. What Personal Data Do You Collect? We may collect some or all of the following personal data (this may vary according to your relationship with us):
Name; Gender; Address; Email address; Telephone number; Business name; Job title; Payment information;
6. How Do You Use My Personal Data? Under the GDPR, we must always have a lawful basis for using personal data. This may be because the data is necessary for our performance of a contract with you, because you have consented to our use of your personal data, or because it is in our legitimate business interests to use it. Your personal data may be used for one of the following purposes:
Providing and managing your account Supplying our products and services to you. Your personal details are required in order for us to enter into a contract with you. Personalising and tailoring our products and/or services for you. Communicating with you. This may include responding to emails or calls from you. Supplying you with information by email and by post that you have opted-in to which includes website data capture (you may unsubscribe or opt-out at any time by notifying the Data Protection Officer by email.
With your permission and/or where permitted by law, we may also use your personal data for marketing purposes, which may include contacting you by email, telephone, and post with information, news, and offers on our products and services. You will not be sent any unlawful marketing or spam. We will always work to fully protect your rights and comply with our obligations under the GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, and you will always have the opportunity to opt-out. 7. How Long Will You Keep My Personal Data? We will not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. Your personal data will therefore be kept for the following periods (or, where there is no fixed period, the following factors will be used to determine how long it is kept): All data (save for those which are kept pursuant to legislation or under a continuing service level agreement) shall be kept for 5 years; 8. How and Where Do You Store or Transfer My Personal Data? We will only store or transfer your personal data in the UK. This means that it will be fully protected under the GDPR. We may share your data within the group of companies of which we are a part. Where this involves the transfer of personal data outside the EEA, our group ensures that personal data is protected by requiring all companies within the group to follow the same rules with respect to personal data usage. These are known as "binding corporate rules". More information on binding corporate rules is available from the European Commission. 9. Do You Share My Personal Data? We will not share any of your personal data (notwithstanding transmission to our group companies) with any third parties for any purposes, subject to one important exception. In some limited circumstances, we may be legally required to share certain personal data, which might include yours, if we are involved in legal proceedings or complying with legal obligations, a court order, or the instructions of a government authority. We may share your personal data with other companies in our group for marketing and/or supplying our products and services to you. This includes subsidiaries and/or holding company and its subsidiaries. We may sometimes contract with the following third parties to supply products and/or services to you on our behalf. These may include payment processing, delivery, and marketing. In some cases, those third parties may require access to some or all of your personal data that we hold. Merchant Terminal – Secure Trading If any of your personal data is required by a third party, as described above, we will take steps to ensure that your personal data is handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, our obligations, and the third party’s obligations under the law, as described above in Part 8. In some limited circumstances, we may be legally required to share certain personal data, which might include yours, if we are involved in legal proceedings or complying with legal obligations, a court order, or the instructions of a government authority. 10. How Can I Access My Personal Data? If you want to know what personal data we have about you, you can ask us for details of that personal data and for a copy of it (where any such personal data is held). This is known as a "subject access request". All subject access requests should be made in writing and sent to the email or postal addresses shown in Part 11. To make this as easy as possible for you, a Subject Access Request Form is available for you to use. You do not have to use this form, but it is the easiest way to tell us everything we need to know to respond to your request as quickly as possible. There is not normally any charge for a subject access request. If your request is ‘manifestly unfounded or excessive’ (for example, if you make repetitive requests) a fee may be charged to cover our administrative costs in responding. We will respond to your subject access request within 28 days and, in any case, not more than one month of receiving it. Normally, we aim to provide a complete response, including a copy of your personal data within that time. In some cases, however, particularly if your request is more complex, more time may be required up to a maximum of three months from the date we receive your request. You will be kept fully informed of our progress. 11. How Do I Contact You? To contact us about anything to do with your personal data and data protection, including to make a subject access request, please use the following details for the attention of Vickie Moore): Email address: gdpr@brigade.uk.com Telephone number: 02476 421083. Postal Address: 15 Binns Cl, Coventry CV4 9TB 12. Changes to this Privacy Notice We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. This may be necessary, for example, if the law changes, or if we change our business in a way that affects personal data protection. Any changes will be made available on our website.
Site Map -
Terms & Conditions -
Privacy Policy -
VAT Guidelines
IMPORTANT CHRISTMAS ORDER DEADLINE & CLOSURE INFORMATION
Orders are currently taking up to 14 working days to be despatched (stock permitting)
Christmas order deadline: Monday 7th December for delivery by the end of term (for schools and Direct to School orders) and delivery by the end of December (for Parents Direct to home delivery service).
Orders placed after 7th December will be delivered week commencing 11th January 2021
BRIGADE WILL BE CLOSED FROM MIDDAY CHRISTMAS EVE UNTIL MONDAY 4TH JANUARY 2021
We would like to wish you a safe and Merry Christmas from all the staff at Brigade