https://briggsauction.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Toggle navigation
Home
About Us
Our History & Mission
Meet Our Staff
SOLD! Blog
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Auctions
Discovery At Briggs Auction
Wayforth At Briggs Auction
Fine Estates Auctions
SPECIAL COLLECTION: Contemporary Fine Art
Real Estate Auctions
Upcoming Auctions
Past Auction Highlights
Buying
Buying At Auction
Bid At Briggs! Online Bidding
PA Sales Tax Exemption Form
Merchandise Pickup
Shipping
Shipping Authorization Form
Selling
Estate Appraisals
Contact
Hours & Contact Info
Directions
Search
PRIVACY POLICY
Briggs Auction, Inc.’s customers provide it with personal information, such as names, addresses, phone numbers, e-mail addresses, credit card numbers, and driver’s license numbers, in connection with registering for the auction, paying for goods purchased, and marketing.
We use information, including personal information, for internal and service-related purposes and may provide it to third parties for marketing purposes, and to allow us to serve our customers and improve our business. We do not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes.
We use commercially reasonable safeguards to protect and secure any personal information provided to us by our customers. Except as set forth above, we will not disclose personal information to third parties unless (i) we are legally required or permitted to do so; or (ii) we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to comply with legal requirements or legal process, to prevent a crime, or to protect the personal safety of users or the public.
We may send you e-mail or paper mail to the e-mail or physical address you provide us. If you do not wish to receive correspondence from us, please contact us by phone: 610.566.3138 or email: info@briggsauction.com.
Our website collects certain non-personally identifiable data from visitors’ browsers, in an ongoing effort to make the website more useful to visitors. Such data may include your Internet Protocol address, the name of your Internet Service Provider, your browser language, your browser type, the name of your computer’s operation system, and the site (if any) from which you were referred or linked to the websites.
Your use of the Internet and our website, including your transmission of any information to us, is at your own risk. We take reasonable physical, technical, and administrative precautions to secure against unauthorized access and use of information sent to us.
The website contains links to third-party sites over which we have no control. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of any third-party sites to which you link from our website. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those third-party sites so that you understand if/how they collect and/or use information from you or your computer.
We will modify this policy from time to time as may be required by changes in its processes and services. Such modifications will be effective upon posting on this website.
This Privacy Policy was last updated October 15, 2013.