http://brinell.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
HomeTopwear
ShirtsT-ShirtsTanksHoodies & SweatshirtsJackets & OuterwearBlazers
Bottomwear
ShortsPantsSweatpants
SwimwearSportswear
Dri Best T-ShirtsDri Best TanksDri Best PolosDri Best JacketsDri Best Shorts
Innerwear
Boxer BriefsBoxer Shorts
Footwear
Men EspadrillesSneakers
Bags
BackpacksMessenger & ToteDuffelToiletry
info@brinell.com
(885) 962-3556
Search
Cart
Your cart is empty
The Brinell Clothing Inc. ("Brinell," "our," "us" or "we") provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of www.brinell.com (this "Site"). This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through this Site. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes.
As used in this policy, the terms "using" and "processing" information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our company or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally.
Information Collection and use
Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Site, services, features, and content, to administer your use of the Site and to enable users to enjoy and easily navigate the Site (collectively, the "Service").
Personally Identifiable InformationWhen you register with us through the Site, when you join our mailing list or when you fill the enquiry form from the contact us page, we will ask you for personally identifiable information. This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Information"). Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, your name, phone number, email address, and postal address. We use the Personal Information you provide mainly to provide the Service and administer your inquiries. We also collect the other information that you provide as part of account registration and your use of the Service (e.g., without limitation, zip code (on its own) and individual preferences) ("Non-Identifying Information"). We use your Personal Information (in some cases, in conjunction with your Non-Identifying Information) mainly to provide the Service and administer your inquiries. Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers (for example, combining your zip code with your street address) in a way that enables you to be identified. But the same pieces of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other non-identifying information. We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from other Brinell Users (defined below) to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Service and to analyze and understand how our Site and Service are used. We may also use the combined information without aggregating it to serve you specifically, for instance, to deliver a product to you according to your preferences or restrictions. We also use your Personal Information (like your email or postal address) to contact you with marketing and promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you (some of which may be sent by a third party service provider). If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or if you do not want us to share your Personal Information with these third party service providers, contact us at info@brinell.com with "Privacy" as the subject line of the email.
Log DataWhen you visit the Site, whether as a Brinell Member or a non-registered user just browsing (any of these, a "Brinell User"), our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computers Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site, pages of our Site that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Site, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Site and the Service and for the Site's technical administration, to increase our Site's functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor it to our visitors' needs. We also use this information to verify that visitors to the Site meet the criteria required to process their requests.
Cookies and Pixel TagsLike many websites, we use "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies for two purposes. First, we use persistent cookies to save your login information for future logins to the Site. Second, we use session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Site, to better understand how you interact with the Site and to monitor aggregate usage by Brinell Users and web traffic routing on the Site. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Site and Service and then close your browser. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Service. We may also use "pixel tags," "web beacons," "clear GIFs" or similar means (individually or collectively "Pixel Tags") in connection with our Service to collect usage, demographic and geographical location data. A Pixel Tag is an electronic image, often a single pixel that is ordinarily not visible to users and may be associated with cookies on a user's hard drive. Pixel Tags allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of the Site, to deliver branded services and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns.
Sending Emails Via The ServiceAs part of the Service, Members may communicate with third parties through the use of their Accounts. When a Member selects the option of adding one or more email addresses to an online form, the message they create in the corresponding template will be sent from Brinell to those email addresses on their behalf. These email addresses will be used only for the purpose of sending the email communication to the addressee.
PhishingIdentity theft and the practice currently known as "phishing" are of great concern to Brinell. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your login information, or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication.
Information Sharing and DisclosureAggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information- We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling, and to deliver targeted advertising about other products and services. Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information. Service Providers- We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Site-related services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, payment processors, web analytics and improvement of the Site's features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Site and Service are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement- Brinell cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Brinell or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity. Business Transfers- Brinell may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.
Contacting UsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@brinell.com .