https://brokerhousedist.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle Navigation
Navigation
Home
Products All Products
Vending Machines
Payment Systems
Coffee Machines
Filter Coffee Brewers
Coffee Accessories
Cleaning Products
Water
Miscellaneous
Programs Air Miles
Water Filter Maintenance
About Us
What’s New
Parts & Service Parts Enquiry Form
Service Contact Form
Contact Us
This is a privacy policy for Brokerhouse Distributors Inc. We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this policy. You may contact us by mail at the following address: www.brokerhousedist.com
Group “Basic Information”
Information generated by browsing the web site, such as which pages are visited, the order in which the pages are visited by each site user, and how long the user stays on each page.
Information generated from explicit interactions with the web site, such as queries to our search engine, or logs of registered members’ account activity.
Information that allows an individual to be contacted, such as a telephone number or e-mail address, when provided by that individual.
The words contained in the body of a communication. For example, the text of an e-mail message.
Information about the computer system that the individual is using to access the internet, such as a IP number, domain name, browser type, or operating system.
Information may be used for the technical support of the web site and its computer system. For example, to allow site administrators and developers to continually improve the web site’s performance and functionality, to secure and maintain the site, or to verify the Web site activity.
Information ma be used for research, analysis, and reporting. For example, data about the types of vehicle searches users have conducted.
Information may be used to contact an individual, for the completion of a transaction initiated by that individual on the Web site.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents.
Group “Cookies”
Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you wit tailored information from a web site. A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send you a browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
At the user’s option, we will collect HTTP cookies.
Cookies are used for the following purposes:
Providing additional functionally to register members of Brokerhouse.
Research regarding logged- in Brokerhouse members’ activities on the site, with the goal of continually improving the functionality and usability of the site.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents.
Information We Collect
Our primary goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience while using our services. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our service to make you experience easier and quicker.
To fully use our services, you will need to register using our online registration form, where you will be required to provide us with your contact information and other personal information as described in our privacy appendix. You may provide us with a circumstances, such as if you are registering using an e-mail account at a free e-mail service, we require some additional information, including billing address, credit card number and credit card expiration date. We use this credit card information to verify you name, address, and other information.
We automatically track certain in information about you based upon your behavior on our site. We use this information to do internal research on our users’ demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand and serve our users. This information is complied for analyses on an aggregated basis. This information may include the URL you next go to (whether this URL is on our site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on our site or not), what browser you are using, and your IP address.
In addition, we use cookies on certain pages of our website. We may also offer certain features that are only available through the use of cookie. Among other reasons why we use cookies, cookies allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies con also help us provide information which is targeted to your interest. Cookies are stored on your hard drive, not on your site. Most cookies are “session cookie,” meaning that they are automatically deleted at the end of a session. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on our site and you may be required to re-enter your password more frequently during a session.
Contact Us
Your Full Name
Your Email Address
Your Message
Send Me a Copy
inputUCHVTextContact-1inputUCHVTJSContact-1
Spotlight
Toronto
108 Woodbine Downs BlvdToronto, OntarioM9W 5S6, Canada
1 (800) 668-4802
(416) 798-3537
(416) 798-3603
Vancouver
4275A Phillips Ave.
Burnaby, British Columbia
V5A 2X4, Canada
1 (800) 661-2205
(604) 421-2277
(604) 421-1184
Montréal
8075 route Transcanadienne
Saint-Laurent, Quebec
H4S 1S4, Canada
1 (888) 333-8456
(514) 333-4030
(514) 333-3083