https://buffaloshrinkwrap.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned. Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
All orders will ship within 24-72 hours and can take 7-10 days for delivery via UPS/Fedex/XPO Logistics.
Buffalo Shrink Wrap Customer Return Policy:
Please notify us immediately if any products in your order are damaged or defective. Damaged or defective products will be replaced. Functioning Products in sellable condition may be returned within 30 Days of shipment date. Customer is responsible for return shipping charges and a 15% restocking charge. Refund will be issued when product is received back by Buffalo Shrink Wrap, Inc.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
© 2020 Buffalo Shrink Wrap. All Rights Reserved. Design by MOZWEBMEDIA