http://building-tectonics.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
This Privacy Policy will set out details about how and why we collect your personal information, and how we use it.
Your Personal Data
We may collect some personal data from you when you request data about Building Tectonics or our services or projects. We may also ask you to submit some information about yourself to be able to use some of the features of our website. These features include commenting on our blog posts, and submitting enquiries through the use of our contact form. Any information you provide through this website will only be used by us, we will not disclose this information without your explicit consent unless we are obliged to by law.
Cookies
When you use our website, a small text file is shared by our website and placed on your device so that we can see how the website is used by consumers and make the users experience better. We do this by allowing Google Analytics access to these cookies
Our cookies may be session cookies (this means they are temporary cookies which identify and track the users on our website but they are then deleted from your device when you close your browser, or leave that session on our website), or persistent cookies (these cookies enable our website to “remember who you are” so that it remembers your preferences within our site, these cookies will stay on your PC after you close your browser or session on our site).
The cookies on our site are used for performance and analytics technologies such as Google Analytics. These cookies collect information about how users interact with our website, for example; how they found our site (a link on facebook, through Houzz or a Google search etc). These cookies do not collect data which would identify a user, all data is anonymous. We only use this information to improve our website and how it works.
Access to Information
The Freedom of Information Act gives you the right to request any information we hold about you. If you wish to exercise this right at any time, please contact us and we will send you the requested information as soon as we can.
Changes to this Policy
If our Privacy Policy changes at any point, we will keep the archived versions, but add the latest here so you can be kept up to date about what information is being collected by us, how we are collecting it and what we are doing with it.
Company Registration Details
Company name: Building Tectonics Ltd
Limited Company  Number: 1929627
Registered Address: Tecton Centre, Church Street, Bletchley, Milton Keynes, MK2 2NY
Contact us
If you have any questions relating to this policy, please feel free to contact us any of the following ways:
Telephone – 01908366000
Email – email@building-tectonics.co.uk
Street Address – Tecton Centre, Church Street, Bletchley, Milton Keynes, MK2 2NY.
Search our site
Search for:
Company Information VAT number: 178 8635 48
Limited Company Number 1929627 Cardiff
Registered address: Tecton Centre,
Church Street,
Bletchley,
Milton Keynes,
Buckinghamshire,
MK2 2NY.
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
This site uses cookies. More infoOkay, thanks.