https://buntingmagnetics.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content1-800-835-2526LinkedInTwitterFacebookYouTubeEmailGet in touch with us at our toll-free number 1-800-835-2526 or request a quote here:Talk to an expert Products
Magnetic SeparationWe make permanent Magnetic Separation Equipment for any application, suitable for almost any industry.Metal DetectionDesigned to monitor gravity-fed products, pneumatically conveyed materials on belts, & liquids and slurries in pipes.Material Handling EquipmentA large lineup of material handling equipment for the Recycling, Metal Stamping, Plastics and Food industries.Printing ProductsOur magnetic cylinders can be custom built for any type of printing press.Buy Magnets OnlinePermanent magnets and assemblies in hundreds of shapes and sizes, available for immediate shipment.Custom Magnets & Magnetic AssembliesWe offer a variety of turnkey solutions for custom magnetic assemblies, which are designed and built around our core magnets.All ProductsRequest a QuoteGet in touch with us at our toll-free number 1-800-835-2526 or request a quote here:Talk to an expert ContactCatalogsAbout
AboutBunting is a profile in growth and innovation. We are a unified global company under one name.Trade ShowsMeet up with our team at a trade show near you to get a first-hand look at our products.Educational ResourcesProduct Videos and Educational ResourcesEmploymentFind out if we have a position that’s right for your career.Vision, Mission & ValuesSatisfy our customers’ needs to make their plant more productive and efficient.Spare PartsNewsBuy Magnets
Search
Bunting® Magnetics Co. Privacy PolicyBunting Magnetics Co. respects your privacy rights. This web site Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) is designed to provide you with information about how Bunting Magnetics Co. protects your privacy in connection with your use of this web site or any other website operating by Bunting Magnetics Co. By using any of our Bunting Magnetics Co. websites that linked you to this policy, you accept this Privacy Policy.How we collect visitor informationBunting Magnetics Co. operates this website. In this Privacy Policy, “we,” “us,” “Bunting,” and “our” refer to Bunting Magnetics Co. and its affiliates. We use the term “visitor” to refer to a person who accesses any part of the website for any amount of time. We may collect, maintain, and access certain information you provide and information collected from your use of the website and services available through the website. This visitor information may include information that can be associated with you personally (“Personally Identifiable Information”). Visitor information may include, among other things, your first and last name, your home addresses, your business address, your e-mail address, your company name, your telephone number, and your payment card information.We will collect Personally Identifiable Information about you when you voluntarily provide it to us. When you use website features that ask you for certain information, for example, when you register for an account, request a catalog or a sales representative to contact you, you provide Personally Identifiable Information. You can navigate through the website without giving us Personally Identifiable Information, but certain requests are only available by providing this information.We may also collect Personally Identifiable Information if we survey visitors about various topics. Responding to any such survey is entirely voluntary.Personally Identifiable Information does not include aggregated data, anonymized information, or other information that does not identify a particular person. We may generate anonymized or aggregated information from the information we collect (zip codes, for example). This is information from which any Personally Identifiable Information has been removed. Anonymized or aggregated information does not identify you. Our collection, use, and disclosure of anonymized and aggregated information are not subject to any of the restrictions in this Privacy Policy. Anonymized or aggregated information may include, among other things, Internet server and browser identification, the Internet service provider, duration of visit, and domain type. This aggregated information will not reveal any Personally Identifiable Information about any specific visitor.We may also collect visitor information in the following ways:Cookies. Similar to most web site operators, we use “cookies” to collect information about your visit to our website and to manage information concerning your preferences. A cookie is a small encrypted computer code added to a file on your computer as a record of its visit. It does not collect or provide your name or any other personal information about you. It can, however, be used by this website to note information about your visit, such as your type of web browser, operating system and Internet Protocol address, to better tailor the site for you. It can also be used to recognize you when you return as a repeat visitor to our web site. We use cookies, for example, to monitor the times when visitors log-on to the web site, to estimate the audience size and to track visitor preferences. Cookies do not allow the website to access Personally Identifiable Information that you have not otherwise provided. You can control what cookies are accepted by your computer through the settings on your web browser or by deleting them from your computer. Doing so, however, may limit the personalization available to you.Clear GIFs. Like many websites, we may use clear GIFs (also known as “web beacons,”
“Internet tags,” or “pixel tags”). Clear GIFs are lines of code that allow websites to summarize overall visitor usage patterns and to provide personalized services. We may use clear GIFs, for instance, to track visitor preferences or to gather aggregated information about visitor usage patterns. We may at our discretion use clear GIFs to collect any Personally Identifiable Information about visitors.Passive Automatic Electronic Collection. Like operators of most other websites, we collect and log information automatically. For example, we collect your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, the name and location of your Internet Service Provider, the type and version of your browser, the length of time you visit the website, your search queries on the website, and the average number of pages you viewed. Logging your IP address does not by itself provide us with your name, email address, or home or work address. We use this log information for systems administration purposes and for technical troubleshooting. We may also use it to gather general demographic information about you, such as your general location.How we use visitor informationWe use Personally Identifiable Information collected from visitors and from visitors logged in to the website for several important purposes, including:to help us fulfill service requeststo notify you about promotional eventsto protect the security of visitors and the websiteto facilitate e-commerce transactionsto help prevent fraudto provide you with a web site and services of enhanced value to youto market and promote our services and websiteWe use anonymized or aggregated information to improve website services, to gauge the effectiveness of the website, and to improve and enhance visitors’ experiences on the website. In some cases we may combine information collected from visitors logged in with demographic or other information (such as census records or customer information in our regular business records) for aggregated and anonymized studies. We use such studies to improve, market and promote our services and this web site. We do not use these studies to identify your individual browsing, however we may use them to tailor advertising to individual visitors.When we disclose visitor informationExcept as described in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose Personally Identifiable Information collected through the website to entities other than to Bunting affiliates unless (a) it is necessary to enable us to provide services or to conduct legitimate business activities related to the website; or (b) you give your consent before we disclose your Personally Identifiable Information. We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with persons or companies who help us operate the website by providing services, maintenance and technical services, and e-commerce contractors (collectively “service providers”). If you use a payment card for goods or services on the website, our service providers may share your Personally Identifiable Information and payment card data with others, for example with a a payment card processing company, and a shipping or fulfillment company, to complete your purchases and orders.We contractually require our service providers to maintain at least the same level of confidentiality for the Personally Identifiable Information we provide to them as we maintain for such information. Additionally, we require that our service providers’ use of such information not exceed that needed to provide the service.We may conduct joint activities with Bunting subsidiaries. We will not share visitors’ Personally Identifiable Information collected through this website with our subsidiaries except as provided in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose the content of any e-mail visitors send to us to our subsidiaries.We may provide aggregated or anonymized information about visitors to our website hosting company, advertising agencies and other marketing vendors. Such information may include, for example, how many persons visited a particular page or activity and the preferences and dislikes of visitors. Such information does not include Personally Identifiable Information about any individual visitor.You acknowledge and agree that we may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information if we are required to do so by law or if we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary (a) to comply with applicable law, a subpoena, or other legal process; (b) to investigate violations of this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use, or other contracts we have with you; (c) to respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; (d) to respond to your requests for customer service; and (e) to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the public, Bunting, its agents, its users, or the web site.We reserve the right to disclose and transfer your visitor information, including your Personally Identifiable Information, in the event of a merger, acquisition, or sale of all, or components, of our business.How long we will keep visitor informationBunting may retain Personally Identifiable Information and other information collected through the website for as long as is reasonable for the purposes for which it was collected.How we protect visitor informationWe follow industry-standard practices to protect information collected through the web site. Visitors’ Personally Identifiable Information is stored in Bunting databases in physically secure facilities. Visitors’ financial and payment card information is transmitted via encrypted technology. If we share visitor information with Bunting subsidiaries, they will follow similar practices to protect Personally Identifiable Information collected through the website.
Any information transmitted over the Internet may be subject to breaches of security. Although we follow commercially reasonable practices to securely store the information we collect and to work with responsible third parties, we cannot guarantee these practices will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access, use, or disclose such information.Service providers’ and other third parties’ collection and use of informationBunting may provide opportunities for visitors to purchase certain goods and services through this website. Our service providers may handle some of these transactions. If you choose to use these services, our service providers may request that you provide your Personally Identifiable Information to them so that they can process your order or request. These service providers usually have their own privacy policies and terms of use. After you leave this website, information you disclose to a service provider and information the service provider collects from you will be subject to its privacy policy and terms of use. Bunting is not responsible for its service providers’ collection, use, or disclosure of information.This website may include banner ads, other advertisements, and links to web sites of Bunting affiliates and non-Bunting entities. These affiliates and other entities may solicit and collect Personally Identifiable Information and may store cookies on web site visitors’ computers. When you leave this website to visit the website of a Bunting affiliate or of another entity, you will be subject to the privacy policy and terms of use agreement of that web site operator. Bunting is not responsible for the ads, links, content, activities, or information practices of other web sites.We may use the services of third parties to provide us with data collection, reporting and ad response measurement, as well as to assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements. These third parties may view, edit, or set their own cookies or web beacons to facilitate the delivery of ads to you. We, our third party service providers, advertisers and/or business partners may also place web beacons for these third parties. The use of cookies or web beacons by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies. By the use of any Bunting web site you accept the practices of these third parties and do not hold Bunting liable for any of their actions.How we protect children’s online privacyThis web site is not directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have received Personally Identifiable Information of a child under 13, we will delete the information from our records.Notice to visitors from outside the U.S.The web site is published in the United States. By visiting this web site, by using services offered through the web site, or by providing Personally Identifiable Information to us or to our service providers, you agree that we may collect, use, and disclose your Personally Identifiable Information as described in this Privacy Policy, including by transferring such information from the country where you live to the United States.Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe may change this Privacy Policy at any time. We will notify you of material changes by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the website. We encourage you to periodically review the website Privacy Policy to inform yourself of any changes. The revised Privacy Policy will be effective on the date it is posted unless the revised policy states otherwise. If you use the website after the effective date of the revised Privacy Policy, we will conclude that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.Questions about the PolicyPlease contact us if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy:
Bunting Magnetics Co.
500 S. Spencer Rd.
Newton, KS 67114
Bunting—Newton
500 South Spencer Road
Newton, KS 67114
(800) 835-2526
(316) 284-2020
Fax: (316) 283-4975
Email: bmc@buntingmagnetics.comHomeProductsIndustriesContactAboutCatalogsBuy MagnetsEspañolSitemapTerms & ConditionsPrivacy Policy
Receive our emails
By signing up, you will receive information about our latest products and industry news.Sign Up
LinkedInTwitterFacebookYouTubeEmail
© 2020 Bunting®
All Rights Reserved
English
Español
English