http://burgenbread.com/privacy
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Privacy Policy
Who are we?
This website burgenbread.com (the “Website”) is owned and operated by Allied Bakeries, a trading division of ABF Grain Products Ltd (registered in England and Wales under company number 79590) (called in this notice “we”, “our” or “us”).
Purpose of this notice?
This privacy notice tells you about the information we collect about you when you visit our Website or otherwise provide us with information.
It also tells you how you can exercise Your Rights (including the right to object to some of the data handling we carry out). More information about your rights and how you can exercise them is set out in the “Your Rights” section below.
What personal information do we collect?
Site traffic data and information about your computer
How do we use this data?
When you browse our Website, we use cookies to collect:
Information about your use of our Website – we collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns.
We use this information to record visitor numbers, their use of different areas of the Website and any useful features or links. We do not use this information in any way that would identify you personally.
We use a third party, Google Analytics, to collect this information but it is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
Information about your computer; this includes your IP address, operating system and browser type.
We use this information to help maintain the security of our Website and to identify trends so that we can improve its performance.
We also use this information to customise the Website according to your interests and to ensure the Website’s content is presented as effectively as possible for you and to enable you to
We do not use this information in any way that would identify you personally.
We collect this information for the purpose of our legitimate interests in maintaining and managing our Website and ensuring its security. If you do not want us to collect this information you can use your web browser’s “do not track” (“DNT”) facility to tell us that you don’t want to be tracked when you visit our Website. Further information about DNT can be found at https://allaboutdnt.com.
For more information about how we use cookies on our Website, see our Cookies Policy.
How long do we keep this information for?
We will only keep information about your visit to our Website for as long as is necessary for the purposes we’ve mentioned. Typically we delete user browsing information every 12 months.
Who do we share this information with?
We share information about visitors to our Website with service providers who help us administer and manage the Website.
Where do we transfer this information to?
Information we collect about your use of our Website is stored within, and not transferred outside of, the European Economic Area.
Information you send us
How do we use this data?
You do not have to supply us directly with any information when you use our Website. If you choose to use our ‘contact us’ feature or otherwise get in touch with us, we will use the information you send us for the purpose of responding to your enquiry. When we use your personal data for this purpose, we do so for our legitimate business interest in communicating with you in accordance with your wishes and expectations. We will also use this data for the purpose of our legitimate interests in accessing appropriate professional advice and in order to ensure we comply with legal obligations to which our business is subject.
How long do we keep this information for?
We will only keep your information for as long as is necessary in order to manage your query. We usually keep records of routine queries for 12 months but in some cases (for example where the query relates to a contract between us, or where we need to obtain legal advice in order to respond to a complaint) we may need to retain a record of our communications for up to 6 years.
Who do we share this information with?
We will share your data with our service providers and our professional advisers if this is necessary in order to resolve a query or complaint.
Otherwise we will not share your information with any third party unless:
to provide you with specific information about our products and services where you request this;
to manage your online account;
to improve our understanding of the needs and interests of our customers and contacts; and
to notify you about changes to our services.
When we use your personal data for these purposes, we do so for our legitimate interests in managing and administering online accounts and for our legitimate business interests in developing and promoting our goods and services and communicating with you in accordance with your wishes and expectations. You can object to our use of your data for these purposes at any time.
We will also use this data for the purpose of our legitimate interests in accessing appropriate professional advice and in order to ensure we comply with legal obligations to which our business is subject.
If you provide us with your information in connection with a competition entry, prize draw or promotion, we will use this to administer our competition, to communicate competition results where relevant and to deliver prizes. When we use your personal data for these purposes, we do so because it is necessary for us to collect and use this information for the performance of our contract with you in accordance with our competition rules.
How long do we keep this information for?
Information we hold for the purpose of managing your online account or profile is held by us for as long as your account or profile continues to be active.
Information we hold in connection with the management of competitions, prize draws, and promotions is usually held for 6 years.
Who do we share this information with?
We share this data where necessary with our suppliers, service providers and professional advisers.
Otherwise we will not share your information with any third party unless:
we have your permission;
we are required to do so by law;
this is necessary so that we can enforce our terms of use, rights or property or the rights or property of any third party; or
this is necessary in connection with the sale of our business or its assets (in which case your details will be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchaser’s advisers and will be passed to the new owners).
Where do we transfer this information to?
Information we collect when you enter a competition, prize draw or promotion, or set up an online account or profile is stored within, and not transferred outside of, the European Economic Area.
Your rights
You can ask us at any time to provide you with a copy of your personal data. In relation to personal data you have supplied to us, and which is held by us for the purpose of entering into a contract between us or on the basis of your consent, you are entitled to ask us for a copy of this information in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format so that you can reuse it or share it with other organisations.
If you think the personal data we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you can ask us to correct it or complete it.
In some circumstances you also have the right to object to our processing of your data and can ask us to restrict our use of your data and to delete it.
There are some exceptions to these rights, however. For example, it will not be possible for us to delete your data if we are required by law to keep it or if we hold it in connection with a contract with you. Similarly, access to your data may be refused if making the information available would reveal personal information about another person or if we are legally prevented from disclosing such information.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights you should contact our Data Protection team via e-mail on dataprotection@alliedbakeries.co.uk.
Contacting us and your rights of complaint
Questions, comments or requests concerning this privacy notice are welcomed and should be addressed to the Data Protection Coordinator at dataprotection@alliedbakeries.co.uk.
If you have a concern about the way we handle your personal data you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner (ICO). You can find details of how to do this on the ICO website at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or by calling their helpline on 0303 123 1113.
This privacy notice was last updated May 2018.
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Cookie Policy
® “BURGEN” IS A REGISTERED TRADE MARK OF ABF GRAIN PRODUCTS LTD © 2019. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
About Us
Soya & Linseed
Nutrition
The Good Stuff
Recipes
Contact Us