https://burgtranslations.com/fields-of-expertise/legal/
You are here: Home1 / Fields of Expertise2 / Legal Translation ServicesTranslations To Help You…Close The DealFor over 80 years, law firms have valued our assistance in their international litigation and transactional processes. Our role is to provide specialized legal translations of key information they need.Contact UsLegal Translation ServicesAccelerate your discovery phase, manage more visa applications faster during cap season and get more done quicker with our specialized legal translation services. Since our founding as a patent translation company in 1936, BURG Translations has assisted law firms with their international civil and corporate cases with precise, on-time legal translations, and additional value-added services such as foreign language document review, certified translation of immigration documents, academic document validation, interpreting for legal depositions, arbitration and court, video transcription, online secondary research to help find what you’re looking for, enhanced machine translation for high volumes of foreign language documents, and summarization to succinctly understand high volumes of foreign language documents.Deadlines are critical in the legal industry since a delay might render the document null and void, particularly in court. Moreover, confidentiality is also an important issue, because almost all legal documents contain sensitive data. Our ISO 9001:2015 process requires that we respond to your request within 60 minutes and our team meets the tight deadlines required by lawyers regularly.Translating legal documents into foreign languages are considered more difficult than other technical translations because each country has its own legal terminology as well as legal system. Legal terms in one language and legal system may not have an exact equivalent in another.The legal industry is diverse.  Our team specializes in the following areas: international, immigration, corporate & antitrust, tax, trusts & estates, real estate, patent & IP, labor & employment, health, education and child & family law.Common files we translate include patents, immigration documents, depositions, summonses, agreements, evidence documents, decisions, contracts, wills, and many other transactional and litigation documents. Free Translation EstimateSend us what you need translated and we’ll give you a free estimate.Request a Quote Join Our Partner ProgramAre you a translation or interpreting freelancer or agency interested in working with us?Apply TodayWe are Proud to be Associated & Certified By
© 2020 BURG TranslationsPrivacy PolicyGLOBAL HEADQUARTERS BURG Translations 134 N LaSalle, Suite 1550 Chicago, IL 60602 burg@burgtranslations.comCONTACT US: +1 312 586 9609 UK: +44 2030514035 Mexico: +52 5585261030 Emergency Hotline: +1 312 548 7561FOLLOW US ON SOCIAL
Scroll to topThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Read MoreACCEPTRejectPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
×
×
×
Skip to content
Open toolbar
Accessibility Tools
Increase Text
Decrease Text
Grayscale
High Contrast
Negative Contrast
Light Background
Links Underline
Readable Font
Reset