http://burgenbread.com/terms
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Terms of Use
Access to and use of this site (‘burgen.co.uk’) is provided by Allied Bakeries subject to the following terms:
1. By using burgen.co.uk you agree to be legally bound by these terms, which shall take effect immediately on your first use of burgen.co.uk. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all the following terms please do not access and/or use burgen.co.uk.
2. Allied Bakeries may change these terms at any time by posting changes online. Please review these terms regularly to ensure you are aware of any changes made by Allied Bakeries. Your continued use of burgen.co.uk after changes are posted means you agree to be legally bound by these terms as updated and/or amended.
Use of burgen.co.uk
3. You may not copy, reproduce, republish, download, post, broadcast, transmit, make available to the public or otherwise use burgen.co.uk content in any way except for your own personal, non-commercial use. You also agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any burgen.co.uk content except for your own personal, non-commercial use. Any other use of burgen.co.uk content requires the prior written permission of Allied Bakeries.
4. You agree to use burgen.co.uk only for lawful purposes and in a way that does not infringe the rights of, restrict or inhibit anyone else’s use and enjoyment of burgen.co.uk. Prohibited behaviour includes harassing or causing distress or inconvenience to any person, transmitting obscene or offensive content or disrupting the normal flow of dialogue within burgen.co.uk.
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
5. burgen.co.uk content, including the information, names, images, pictures, logos and icons regarding or relating to Allied Bakeries and/or its products and services (or to third party products and services), is provided “AS IS” and on an “IS AVAILABLE” basis without any representations or any kind of warranty made (whether express or implied by law) to the extent permitted by law, including the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy.
6. Under no circumstances will Allied Bakeries be liable for any of the following losses or damage (whether such losses were foreseen, foreseeable, known or otherwise): (a) loss of data; (b) loss of revenue or anticipated profits; (c) loss of business; (d) loss of opportunity; (e) loss of goodwill or injury to reputation; (f) losses suffered by third parties; or (g) any indirect, consequential, special or exemplary damages arising from the use of burgen.co.uk regardless of the form of action.
7. Allied Bakeries does not warrant that functions contained in burgen.co.uk content will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that burgen.co.uk or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs.
Intellectual Property
8. The names, images and logos identifying Allied Bakeries or third parties and their products and services are subject to copyright, design rights and trademarks of Allied Bakeries and/or third parties. Nothing contained in these terms shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any licence or right to use any trademark, patent, design right or copyright of Allied Bakeries or any other third party.
Contributions to burgen.co.uk
9. Where you are invited to submit any contribution to burgen.co.uk (including any text, photographs, graphics, video or audio) you agree, by submitting your contribution, to grant Allied Bakeries a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sub-licensable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, play, make available to the public, and exercise all copyright and publicity rights with respect to your contribution worldwide and/or to incorporate your contribution in other works in any media now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in your contribution, and in accordance with privacy restrictions set out in Allied Bakeries Privacy Policy. If you do not want to grant to Allied Bakeries the rights set out above, please do not submit your contribution to burgen.co.uk.
10. Further to paragraph 9, by submitting your contribution to burgen.co.uk, you:
10.1 warrant that your contribution;
10.1.1 is your own original work and that you have the right to make it available to Allied Bakeries for all the purposes specified above;
10.1.2 is not defamatory; and
10.1.3 does not infringe any law; and
10.2 indemnify Allied Bakeries against all legal fees, damages and other expenses that may be incurred by Allied Bakeries as a result of your breach of the above warranty; and
10.3 waive any moral rights in your contribution for the purposes of its submission to and publication on burgen.co.uk and the purposes specified above.
General
11. If there is any conflict between these terms and specific terms appearing elsewhere on burgen.co.uk then the latter shall prevail.
12. If any of these terms are determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these terms are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction in which that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from these terms and the remaining terms shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
13. These terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
Ask the Nutritionist
14. We cannot comment on specific medical conditions.
14.1. While we will do our best, we cannot guarantee to respond to every enquiry.
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Cookie Policy
® “BURGEN” IS A REGISTERED TRADE MARK OF ABF GRAIN PRODUCTS LTD © 2019. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
About Us
Soya & Linseed
Nutrition
The Good Stuff
Recipes
Contact Us