https://burton-regan.co.uk/legal-support-service/surveillance/
Process Server
How To Choose A Process Server
Proper Service Means Proper Protection
Process Server – Leeds
Process Server – Bradford
Process Server – Wakefield
Process Server – Halifax
Process Server – Huddersfield
Process Server – London
Debtor Trace
Online Tracing Services
Trace Debtor Service
People Locate
Global Private Investigations – It’s A Small World
Basic Trace / Electorall Role Enquiries
Enhanced Trace
Death Certificate (Eng & Wales)
Birth Certificate (Eng & Wales)
Marriage Certificate (Eng & Wales) Search
Private Investigator Training
Licenced Private Investigations ?
Uk Private Investigator License Pathway
Private Investigators In The Investigatory Process
What Is A Private Investigator
Legal Support Service
Is Your Investigator Accredited?
Field Agent
Forensic Science Experts
Surveillance
Consultancy
Private Investigator
Private Investigator Leeds
Private Investigator Bradford
Private Investigator London
Contact
Terms of Business
Offices
SURVEILLANCE
As a progressive and established firm of private investigators we seek to conduct our investigations in a lawful and ethical way. As investigator trainers we must respect both human rights issues and conduct surveillance with the required, “Due dilligence”.
Our main concern as your surveillance operatives is that we are compliant with the law and thereby ensure that should the matter become tested by the Courts – there will be no issues with either the method of investigation or the form of reporting we use.
We use vehicle tracking technology in strictly defined circumstances and only after close consideration of current law and ethics… essentially, the tracker is an, “Intelligence gathering tool” and any evidence gathered must be reinforced by, “Line of sight”, surveillance.
Our operatives are based throughout the UK and are available for insurance companies, businesses and solicitors to investigate and report upon the status of absent staff, suspicious employees, fraud, claimants and the like.
A combination of background research from our office based private investigators (Using open source research) with investigators in the field is always the best method of conducting cost effective surveillance – the hourly rate is important from your point of view – from our perspective, the less time we spend looking at non events is important to us.
Our preferred surveillance format is digital and we supply stills and all recordings in this form. We are particularly expert in using covert body worn cameras and our operatives have been successful as mystery shoppers. We cracked a pilferage or stock loss case recently when it was necessary to trace the missing items. The body worn camera recorded the lost stock.
In summary, competent and ethical covert and overt surveillance conducted by trained and accredited private investigators is the “Win – win” scenario.
Acknowledged expertise
decades of experience
Burton Regan Limited
CONTACT US
Please fill out the form below and one of our team will be in touch as soon as possible. Alternatively, don’t hesitate to call us on 0800 279 7752 / 0113 270 7500
© Copyright 2020 Burton Regan Limited
Site by: Soap Creative
GDPR cookie compliance - If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
Our privacy policy covers all of the data processes on our websites, including our contact form.
We process your personal data in accordance with GDPR best practice - the Data Protection Officer (DPO) is Kevin John Regan.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree