https://burton-regan.co.uk/legal-support-service/consultancy/
Process Server
How To Choose A Process Server
Proper Service Means Proper Protection
Process Server – Leeds
Process Server – Bradford
Process Server – Wakefield
Process Server – Halifax
Process Server – Huddersfield
Process Server – London
Debtor Trace
Online Tracing Services
Trace Debtor Service
People Locate
Global Private Investigations – It’s A Small World
Basic Trace / Electorall Role Enquiries
Enhanced Trace
Death Certificate (Eng & Wales)
Birth Certificate (Eng & Wales)
Marriage Certificate (Eng & Wales) Search
Private Investigator Training
Licenced Private Investigations ?
Uk Private Investigator License Pathway
Private Investigators In The Investigatory Process
What Is A Private Investigator
Legal Support Service
Is Your Investigator Accredited?
Field Agent
Forensic Science Experts
Surveillance
Consultancy
Private Investigator
Private Investigator Leeds
Private Investigator Bradford
Private Investigator London
Contact
Terms of Business
Offices
CONSULTANCY
Solicitors and the Legal Sector understand the importance of professional investigator excellence, especially those at the zenith of the evidence gathering process.
Our steely compliance and adherence to standards and ethical methodologies together with our policies and procedures, place us at a unique juncture…maintaining client satisfaction and unmatched service levels in the trace and asset search sector we have been granted a level of privileged access to sensitive personal data.
When the investigatory process in the private sector has failed we can obtain Personal Credit Data File Information, in full compliance with the Data Protection Act,  Civil Procedure Rules and Civil Recovery Proceedings, to assist your ongoing legal and recovery processes.
Financial investigation, asset forfeiture, asset and debtor tracing at this level was only previously possible with the prohibitively expensive: Anton Piller Order or Mareva Injunction.
Information that is available (In certain, defined, circumstances) include: Mortgages (Account numbers, residues, account status), Bank Accounts, not: Private Banks (Account numbers, account status, size of overdraft, if any), Linked addresses, aliases, etc.
These services come with the provenance that this is not a, “Pre sue” or, “Fishing operation”.
We all share a common interest in addressing asset fraudsters, perpetrators of malpractice, asset disposals, thefts, financial liability evaders, and missapropriators of company funds.
Contact our consultant by e-mail, in the first instance to enter our pre-screen process. We will advise you as promptly as possible if we can assist in your civil recovery proceedings or legal process.
Acknowledged expertise
decades of experience
Burton Regan Limited
CONTACT US
Please fill out the form below and one of our team will be in touch as soon as possible. Alternatively, don’t hesitate to call us on 0800 279 7752 / 0113 270 7500
© Copyright 2020 Burton Regan Limited
Site by: Soap Creative
GDPR cookie compliance - If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
Our privacy policy covers all of the data processes on our websites, including our contact form.
We process your personal data in accordance with GDPR best practice - the Data Protection Officer (DPO) is Kevin John Regan.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree