https://burton-regan.co.uk/legal-support-service/forensic-science-experts/
Process Server
How To Choose A Process Server
Proper Service Means Proper Protection
Process Server – Leeds
Process Server – Bradford
Process Server – Wakefield
Process Server – Halifax
Process Server – Huddersfield
Process Server – London
Debtor Trace
Online Tracing Services
Trace Debtor Service
People Locate
Global Private Investigations – It’s A Small World
Basic Trace / Electorall Role Enquiries
Enhanced Trace
Death Certificate (Eng & Wales)
Birth Certificate (Eng & Wales)
Marriage Certificate (Eng & Wales) Search
Private Investigator Training
Licenced Private Investigations ?
Uk Private Investigator License Pathway
Private Investigators In The Investigatory Process
What Is A Private Investigator
Legal Support Service
Is Your Investigator Accredited?
Field Agent
Forensic Science Experts
Surveillance
Consultancy
Private Investigator
Private Investigator Leeds
Private Investigator Bradford
Private Investigator London
Contact
Terms of Business
Offices
FORENSIC SCIENCE EXPERTS
Cyber Crime and Forensic Expertise available from fast responding Private Investigators
We forensically examine computers and other electronic mediums such as mobile phones, game consoles, sat nav’s, and the like to supply detailed reports and witness testimonies for evidential purposes. We can reconstruct hard drives and in some cases recover information that was assumed to be lost. As expert Private Investigators we have the experience to interrogate and extrapolate data from most networks and systems as directed.
Cyber crime is a growing menace and we as professional investigators, indeed “Professional witnesses”, in the private sector are well equipped to respond and solve your requirements.
We can go beyond e-mail tracing, password breaking, trap doors and firewalls into the more complex and challenging areas of forensic science and investigations. We can, for example advise on the design and deployment of, “Honey pot”, investigation protocols on both the micro and macro scale.
We have earned an unenviable reputation for swift and comprehensive investigations and work closely with: Forths Forensic Accountants to lock down evidence in “White collar” frauds and the like. Our aim is to produce quality evidence which is sufficient for Court purposes.
Whatever your needs – make sure you employ the clear heads of our fast response unit, remember we are just a phone call away – we want to be challenged and stretched.
We strike the necessary balance between a traditional ethos and cost driven methodologies and always ensure that you are afforded the best trained operatives available. We maintain extensive in-house quality assurance programmes which ensure that our work conforms to a consistent high standard.
Make us your first call for corporate, employment law and business crime matters.
Acknowledged expertise
decades of experience
Burton Regan Limited
CONTACT US
Please fill out the form below and one of our team will be in touch as soon as possible. Alternatively, don’t hesitate to call us on 0800 279 7752 / 0113 270 7500
© Copyright 2020 Burton Regan Limited
Site by: Soap Creative
GDPR cookie compliance - If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
Our privacy policy covers all of the data processes on our websites, including our contact form.
We process your personal data in accordance with GDPR best practice - the Data Protection Officer (DPO) is Kevin John Regan.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree