https://burton-regan.co.uk/legal-support-service/field-agent/
Process Server
How To Choose A Process Server
Proper Service Means Proper Protection
Process Server – Leeds
Process Server – Bradford
Process Server – Wakefield
Process Server – Halifax
Process Server – Huddersfield
Process Server – London
Debtor Trace
Online Tracing Services
Trace Debtor Service
People Locate
Global Private Investigations – It’s A Small World
Basic Trace / Electorall Role Enquiries
Enhanced Trace
Death Certificate (Eng & Wales)
Birth Certificate (Eng & Wales)
Marriage Certificate (Eng & Wales) Search
Private Investigator Training
Licenced Private Investigations ?
Uk Private Investigator License Pathway
Private Investigators In The Investigatory Process
What Is A Private Investigator
Legal Support Service
Is Your Investigator Accredited?
Field Agent
Forensic Science Experts
Surveillance
Consultancy
Private Investigator
Private Investigator Leeds
Private Investigator Bradford
Private Investigator London
Contact
Terms of Business
Offices
FIELD AGENT
We act as your representative in attending and conducting enquiries on the doorstep. Our reliable and dedicated team of vetted and selected field visitors through the UK are available to conduct interviews, take statements from witnesses, serve process, attend for execution of a warrant of possession and to repossess motor vehicles.
In our capacity as private investigators we can make the break trough in trace and locate enquiries with those difficult fraud, absconder and evader cases when a field visit by an expert is the only realistic way forward.
We have proven our worth and have enhanced the, “Bottom line”, of many clients when our direct services are employed.
We work in tandem with loss recovery departments, shortfall managers and represent solicitors, local authorities, mortgage companies, debt councillors, personal injury lawyers, banks and their intermediaries providing an expert, “Un fussy”, cost effective field force covering the UK. Our particular expertise is that we can bridge the, “Gap”, that often exists between creditors and debtors, ensuring that whilst optimum collections and recoveries are achieved the valuable reputation of both the client and the industries best practice is maintained.
We especially welcome clients that require a combination of trace enquiries, visits and personal service of documents. We are experts in, “Pre sue”, options. Our report are tailored to you individual instructions and our team of field operatives combine expertise, tact and intelligence with a steely determination to remain at the apex of the trace, debt collect and debt recovery pyramid.
Our specialisms mean that we are busy and that we can keep our rates keen. We are at our most cost effective when several or bulk instructions are required.
We cover Leeds (LS), Bradford (BD), Huddersfield (HD), Halifax (HX) and Wakefield (WF) on a daily basis. Our field visitors and process server extend our field visit expertise throughout the UK and beyond.
Acknowledged expertise
decades of experience
Burton Regan Limited
CONTACT US
Please fill out the form below and one of our team will be in touch as soon as possible. Alternatively, don’t hesitate to call us on 0800 279 7752 / 0113 270 7500
© Copyright 2020 Burton Regan Limited
Site by: Soap Creative
GDPR cookie compliance - If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
Our privacy policy covers all of the data processes on our websites, including our contact form.
We process your personal data in accordance with GDPR best practice - the Data Protection Officer (DPO) is Kevin John Regan.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree