https://burton-regan.co.uk/privacy-policy-page-and-data-processing/
Process Server
How To Choose A Process Server
Proper Service Means Proper Protection
Process Server – Leeds
Process Server – Bradford
Process Server – Wakefield
Process Server – Halifax
Process Server – Huddersfield
Process Server – London
Debtor Trace
Online Tracing Services
Trace Debtor Service
People Locate
Global Private Investigations – It’s A Small World
Basic Trace / Electorall Role Enquiries
Enhanced Trace
Death Certificate (Eng & Wales)
Birth Certificate (Eng & Wales)
Marriage Certificate (Eng & Wales) Search
Private Investigator Training
Licenced Private Investigations ?
Uk Private Investigator License Pathway
Private Investigators In The Investigatory Process
What Is A Private Investigator
Legal Support Service
Is Your Investigator Accredited?
Field Agent
Forensic Science Experts
Surveillance
Consultancy
Private Investigator
Private Investigator Leeds
Private Investigator Bradford
Private Investigator London
Contact
Terms of Business
Offices
PRIVACY POLICY PAGE AND DATA PROCESSING
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyse site traffic, personalize content, and serve targeted advertisements
1. Nature of work – Investigation in the private sector
2. Date: 25 May 2018
3. Description of processing
3.1. The following is a broad description of the way this organisation processes personal information. To understand how your own personal information is processed you may need to refer to any personal communications you have received with the data controller, check any privacy notices that organisation has provided or contact the organisation to ask about your personal
circumstances.
3.2. Reasons/purposes for processing information
We process personal information to enable us to:
provide investigatory services on the written instructions of a data controller (our client)
to maintain our own accounts and records and to support and manage our employees.
4. Type/classes of information processed
4.1. We process information relating to the above reasons/purposes. This information may
include:
personal details
the investigation brief, results and related information
lifestyle and social circumstances
family details
goods and services
financial details
education and employment and/or business details
4.2. We also process sensitive classes of information that may include:
physical or mental health details
racial or ethnic origin
trade union membership
religious or other beliefs
criminality
5. Who the information is processed about
5.1. We process personal information about:
customers and clients, including prospective clients
witnesses
the subjects of investigations
business contacts
advisers and other professional experts
suppliers
employees
6. Who the information may be shared with
6.1. We sometimes need to share the personal information we process with the individual themselves and also with other organisations. Where this is necessary we are required to comply with all aspects of the Data Protection Act (DPA). What follows is a description of the types of organisations we may need to share some of the personal information we process with for one or more
reasons.
6.2. Where necessary or required we share information with:
financial organisations
credit reference, debt collection and tracing agencies
police forces
professional investigators
government
business associates and other professional bodies and advisers
suppliers
current, past or prospective employers
education and examining bodies
family, associates or representatives of the person whose personal data we are processing
7. Trading and sharing personal information
7.1. Personal information is traded and shared as a primary business function. For this reason the information processed may include name, contact details, family details, financial details, Employment details, and goods and services. This information may be about customers and clients.
7.2. The information may be traded or shared with business associates and professional Advisers, agents, service providers, customers and clients, and traders in personal data.
8. Undertaking research
8.1. Personal information is also processed in order to undertake research.
8.2. For this reason the information processed may include name, contact details, family details, lifestyle and social circumstances, financial details, good and services.
8.3. The sensitive types of information may include physical or mental health details, racial or ethnic origin and religious or other beliefs.
8.4. This information is about survey respondents. Where necessary or required this information may be shared with customers and clients, agents, service providers, survey and research
organisations.
9. Consulting and advisory services
9.1. Information is processed for consultancy and advisory services that are offered.
9.2. For this reason the information processed may include name, contact details, family
details, financial details, and the goods and services provided.
9.3. This information may be about customers and clients.
9.4. Where necessary this information is shared with the data subject themselves, business
associates and other professional advisers, current, past or prospective employers and service
providers.
10. Transfers
10.1. It may sometimes be necessary to transfer personal information overseas.
10.2. When this is needed information may be transferred to countries or territories around the world.
10.3. Any transfers made will be in full compliance with all aspects of the Data Protection Act.
The business has appointed a Data Controller to ensure that rules are adhered to. We will only collect personal data from you that is relevant to enable us to respond to a query or to provide a service which has been requested.
Your information may be passed to and used by other divisions and by submitting data you are providing explicit consent to the transmission of the data collected on the Web site to any of those divisions but only for the purpose of providing you with information on services that divisions may provide which could be of interest to you.
Acknowledged expertise
decades of experience
Burton Regan Limited
CONTACT US
Please fill out the form below and one of our team will be in touch as soon as possible. Alternatively, don’t hesitate to call us on 0800 279 7752 / 0113 270 7500
© Copyright 2020 Burton Regan Limited
Site by: Soap Creative
GDPR cookie compliance - If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
Our privacy policy covers all of the data processes on our websites, including our contact form.
We process your personal data in accordance with GDPR best practice - the Data Protection Officer (DPO) is Kevin John Regan.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree