https://business.cornell.edu/about/privacy-notice/
Home About Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Cornell University is committed to protecting your privacy
The following privacy notice describes what information we collect from you when you visit the Cornell SC Johnson College of Business and how we use this information. The scope of this Cornell SC Johnson College of Business privacy notice includes the following domains:
www.johnson.cornell.edu
business.cornell.edu
sha.cornell.edu
dyson.cornell.edu
baker.realestate.cornell.edu
with the exception of *.dyson.cornell.edu, which is used for separate, academic spaces and subject to separate privacy terms.It also includes the wdbcs.secure.force.com site, which is the Salesforce site used for collecting applicant information.
Please read this privacy notice carefully so that you understand our privacy practices.
Effective date of privacy notice
The privacy notice was last revised on June 30, 2019.
Information We Gather
We automatically collect certain information from you when you visit our websites. This data is used in conjunction with Google Analytics to gather metrics on website usage including geographic location of visitors, pathways navigated through our websites, and which portion of our audience is internal to the Cornell network.
The information we collect with Google Analytics is not linked to anything that identifies you as an individual. Your website browsing session will be tracked but you will remain anonymous as a user. As part of Google Analytics, we also gather information on the type of device and internet browser used to connect to our websites.
We also track your website interactions and activities with Salesforce Sales Cloud and Pardot.  A Pardot tracking cookie is added to your browser when you first visit our websites. A cookie is small piece of data sent from a web browser and stored on your device. In Pardot’s case, the cookie is used to track your activities while you navigate our website and interact with our marketing materials. If you fill out any forms on our websites, or click on a link in an email sent to you from Pardot, your browsing history of our websites will be associated with your personal information stored in Pardot and/or Salesforce.
Information You Provide
The following information may be collected from you, depending on how you choose to interact with our websites, programs, and other services. Some of the information we ask you to provide may be required for our programs and services; other information may be voluntarily provided.
Contact Information:
Name, physical address, country, province, phone number, email address, emergency contact information and family and significant other contact information.
Cornell Information:
Cornell identifiers (e.g., NetID and/or EmplID), current grade level, current college if transferring, graduation date and groups and organizations membership.
Employment Information:
Company name, address, phone, fax, email, website, description, parent organization, union membership status, position/title, years in job, responsibilities, position you report to, next step in career path, previous positions, employers and years, resume (file-upload) and family and significant other employment information.
Education:
High school (HS), HS address, HS GPA, Test Scores: SAT, ACT, GMAT, TOEFL, IELTS, AP/IB scores, summer college and GPA, previous college names, degrees, GPAs, current college, current class (Freshman – Senior), major/concentration and family and significant other educational background.
Nationality:
Citizenship, country of birth, military information, national identifiers (SSN), VISA information.
Travel Information, if attending Executive Education Programs:
Date/time of arrivals and departures, Flight numbers and airlines, mode of transportation if not flying, accommodations while in Ithaca, and other travel information.
Academic Diversity Initiatives: EOP or HEOP
Applicability (which could include socioeconomic status, gender, ethnicity, race) and other information pertinent to campus diversity initiatives such as disability accommodations, sexual orientation and dietary restrictions.
Professional Business Analysis Tools:
(Very specific information on your business including but not limited to:) business name, address, type, size (sq. ft.), number of employees, titles, positions, wages, cost of running business, seating and table data for restaurants, data related to hire / replace employees.
How we use your information
We use automatically gathered information to track user trends and site usage with the goal of improving our visitors’ experience and optimizing our websites. We also use the information to administer the websites and prevent abuse.
Information you provide to us is used for the following purposes:
to send you notifications and important information pertaining to your records and for emergencies
to consider your application for admission to our schools and programs
to associate you with all your Cornell records and engagements, as well as for internal, administrative, and academic support needs
to assist you with your travel plans and your stay while attending our Executive Education programs here at Cornell
to provide disability and dietary accommodations for events and programs, as well as linking students with diversity and inclusion opportunities and events on campus
to share Cornell-related news, publications, courses, events, programs, and other opportunities tailored to your interests based on your job, organization, industry, website visits, interests, and needs
to offer assistance, web or printed materials, services, and support upon your request
to apply formulas on the professional business information you provide and generate reports, which may assist you in decisions to improve your business (this information is private and not shared with any third parties)
With whom we share your information
Information we gather may be shared with campus constituents to improve programs, outreach, and other campus initiatives. Additionally, metrics may be shared with vendors to improve our communications related to these activities. However, we do not sell this data to third-parties for their use in direct marketing, advertising, or for the promotion of their products and services. The third-parties we partner with to help deliver services to you can be found below:
Partnerships
Purposes
Additional Safeguards
Cvent
Event Marketing and Management
https://www.cvent.com/en/cvent-global-privacy-policy
Member of the EU/U.S. Privacy Shield
Crazy Egg
Mouse Tracking Software; Website Engagement Tracking
https://www.crazyegg.com/privacy
eCornell
Purchasing and enrolling in on-line courses
https://www.ecornell.com/privacy-policy/
Member of the EU/U.S. Privacy Shield
Facebook
Software that helps us create specific ads that may appear on your Facebook page
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Member of the EU/U.S. Privacy Shield
Google
Analytics software that provides us anonymous information about website visitors.
https://policies.google.com/?hl=en
Member of the EU/U.S. Privacy Shield
Olark
Live chat/messaging program that allows users to converse with a professional in the field you are interested in.
https://www.olark.com/privacy-policy/
Salesforce
Hosting some of our forms for the applications process, as well as outreach and engagement with program alumni
https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/
Member of the EU/U.S. Privacy Shield
Siteimprove
To ensure that our website conforms to appropriate web accessibility standards
https://siteimprove.com/en/privacy/privacy-policy/
Elavon
Credit Card Processing
https://www.elavon.com/privacy-pledge.html
Data encryption for security
PlugNPay
Credit Card Processing
https://www.plugnpay.com/privacy-policy/
Data encryption for security
Twitter
Outreach and engagement, events, and special offers
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Instagram
Outreach and engagement, events, and special offers
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875?helpref=page_content
LinkedIn
Outreach and engagement, events, and special offers
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Open Sidebar Menu
Secondary Navigation
Mission & Values
College Leadership
Meet Kevin F. Hallock
Diversity & Inclusion
Fintech Initiative
News & Features
External Relations
Connect With Students
Collaborate With Experts
Contribute With Purpose
College Reactivation