https://businessgiftuk.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to contentHome/Terms and conditions Terms and conditionsnevday2020-08-30T06:34:06+00:00Ad-Options limited terms and conditionsQUALITYAd-Options Ltd take great care to source all promotional gifts from established, reliable and ethical sources at all times. If anything arrives in an unsatisfactory condition or is not as described, please notify us within 7 days of receipt. Clear Acrylic Products – We only supply the best quality, UK manufactured clear acrylic gifts. Most clear acrylic items will take on slight surface marking when handled repeatedly, or occasionally in transit, and this is considered normal for this type of product. This type of marking is virtually invisible once an insert is in place and the focus is on the content, rather than the surface. Returns cannot be accepted for light marking but, if in any doubt, please return a sample for verification. If the best possible finish is required, please order items individually bagged (at an extra charge) or ask for higher grade acylic options. If you receive goods with an obvious manufacturing defect, please do not continue to assemble the batch and contact us as soon as possible.CLAIMSAny discrepancy in quantity or quality must be notified within 7 days of receipt, otherwise we cannot accept any responsibility.RETENTION OF TITLEAll goods supplied by us remain ours until any outstanding amount is paid in full.PRODUCTSWe reserve the right to alter any details or design of products illustrated without notice. All dimensions shown throughout this Web Site are approximate. Product colours are as accurate as modern reproduction methods will allow and no liability can be accepted for any variation. Customers should note that colours can vary markedly when viewed on different screen and monitor types and settings.SAMPLESSamples may be requested from sales@businessgiftuk.com. These will be submitted on approval and may be charged (both sample and carriage costs) if worth more than £1.00 and not returned in good condition within 14 days.CARRIAGE AND DELIVERYUnprinted stock is normally shipped from the UK within 2 working days and printed items within 5 to 21 working days, subject to availability. Please check with our sales team if you have a specific deadline for delivery. Every effort will be made to deliver on time, but we cannot be held responsible for delays in shipment or late delivery. Carriage is charged extra, as are packing cases where applicable.CANCELLATION CHARGESA charge will be made on all cancelled orders to cover credit card fees, administration costs and any materials used up to the point of cancellation.PRICES AND VATAll our prices are for quantities indicated and exclude UK VAT. UK VAT will not be charged for exports to VAT registered organisations within the EEC, providing correct Country and Registration number details are entered at the checkout when ordering. For larger quantities please do not hesitate to contact our Sales Department for a quotation. For print services, extra colours and print position options please contact us.EXPORT ORDERSCustomers outside of the UK are responsible for any IMPORT DUTIES, CLEARANCE FEES or BROKERAGE fees, including any other additional charges. Goods are on a DDU (Delivered Duty Unpaid) basis (Inco Terms 2010). This is managed by our insured couriers on a ‘Pay on delivery’ basis. Please note that consignments may be subject to delay, due to customs checks, weather or other factors beyond our control. The customer is responsible for providing all information required by local customs offices to ensure the goods are cleared efficiently. We are not able to refund any duty paid on any items returned to us later, either faulty or unsuitable, as this contract is between the purchaser and their own local Customs and Excise department.RETURNS AND REFUNDSWe want you to be happy with your purchase. Please check the goods on delivery and ensure that they are supplied correctly. If any printed items contain a fault or printing error, please contact out sales team within 7 days of delivery. If any unprinted goods prove to be unsuitable then please return them within 7 days, in the original packaging and in an unused condition for a full refund, less any postage costs. You will be responsible for the carriage costs on the returned items to us. If a refund is due this will normally be made by the same method as the original payment. Please contact our Sales Department for full details or if in any doubt.CORPORATE LOGOSThe products featured on the Web Site have not necessarily been supplied or endorsed by the companies where any names and logos have been used. The printing of such is a guide to position and printing effect only. We apologise for any inconvenience caused and we welcome notification of anything that is deemed unsuitable or contrary to any form of copyright unknown to our web masters at the time of posting.Ad-Options Ltd, registered office, 43 Park Road, Leyland PR25 3APTrading Office: Oak House, 317 Golden Hill Lane, Leyland, Lancashire PR25 2YJCompany No 3247174. Tel 0044 1772 429111. Fax. 0044 1772 482184.Email sales@businessgiftuk.comENVIRONMENTAL POLICYAd-Options Limited are environmentally responsible business gift and promotional incentive distributors. Our work is principally office based as agents for numerous manufacturers, wholesalers and printers. Our activities are primarily design and marketing with no manufacturing environmental issues. Our registered office premises are cavity wall insulated, with solar hot water panels, solar electricity generation and low power lighting.In practice, we encourage and train all management and staff to:Strive to continually improve environmental performance by recycling waste paper, plastic bottles and toner cartridges so to reduce the tonnage sent to landfill.Prevent pollution of land and water by ensuring that our hazardous (electrical equipment) waste is treated and disposed of by a competent authority.Reduce emissions to air by coordinating vehicle journeys, car-sharing and conducting regular, periodic vehicle efficiency checks.Comply with all environmental legislation affecting our business and aim to meet and exceed any environmental benchmarks as may be demanded by customers or produced by the Environment Agency.Raise staff awareness of their individual and collective environmental responsibilities, with our Managing Director being assigned the role of ‘Environmental Coordinator’. He will be responsible for environmental matters within the business and to facilitate the transfer of best practice to other employees.Seek to publicise our environmental performance by providing information to employees, stakeholders and the general public. This information shall be provided in the Company’s literature and websites, and be relevant to the target audience.Review and update this policy on at least an annual basis, or as appropriate to reflect the business’s changing requirements.EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES POLICYIt is this organisation’s policy to treat job applicants and employees in the same way, regardless of their sex, sexual orientation, age, race, ethnic origin, religion, pregancy, maternity or disability. Further, the organisation will monitor the composition of the workforce and introduce positive action if it appears that the policy is not fully effective.EMAIL PERMISSION AND PRIVACY POLICYWe are dedicated to protecting your privacy and the privacy of anyone on the receiving end of an email from our service. To that end, we have instituted certain policies to help us make sure our service remains a safe, trusted environment for email marketing and correspondence.We use a permission-based email-marketing platform. It is designed to let organisations send emails to people who want to receive those emails. Our permission policy is part of the Terms of Use agreed to by every customer, and it appears as a reminder on our import process every time new lists are added. It goes beyond the stipulations set forth in the United States’ Can-Spam legislation and is as follows:To send an email to someone using our system, that recipient must be:Someone who is a customer, member or subscriber of your business or organisation,Someone who has specifically asked to receive your emails by opting in or signing up in some way, orSomeone who has bought a product or service from us in the pastNot part of any bought in mailing list. No list sales, rental or purchasing is undertaken or allowed hereWe do not rent, sell, or otherwise share our lists or any other data about our customers, and we do not allow any third party to rent or purchase our lists and/or send to them using our network.Protecting your customer lists and data – We do everything we can to make sure our customer lists, email content and response data remains private and confidential. Though we reserve the right to monitor your lists, content and response data from time to time to make sure they comply with our Terms of Use, we will never share, sell or rent your customer data to anyone for any reason.We do not store login, password or personal information in our system and you can remove authorisation for any or all networks at any time. We will not use, share, display or transfer any data returned from any network with any third party at any time.To sum things up…Your privacy, and the privacy of people on both sides of the emails you send, is extremely important to us, and we’ll do everything we can to protect it.Please see also our Privacy Policy page.COMPETITION TERMS AND CONDITIONSThe promoter is: Ad-Options Ltd (company no. 3247174) whose registered office is at 43 Park Road, Leyland PR25 3AP.The competition is open to residents of the United Kingdom aged 16 years or over except employees of Ad-Optons Ltd and their close relatives and anyone otherwise connected with the organisation or judging of the competition.There is no entry fee and no purchase is necessary (unless otherwise clearly stated) to enter our competitions.By entering this competition, an entrant is indicating his/her agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions.Route to entry for the competition and details of how to enter are available via https://www.facebook.com/BusinessGiftUK, Twitter @BusinessGiftUK or subscribe to our email list.Only one entry will be accepted per person per channel.Closing date for entry will be clearly stated. After this date the no further entries to the competition will be permitted.No responsibility can be accepted for entries not received for whatever reason.The rules of the competition are clearly stated and will typically be as follows:The winner will be drawn from our email subscribers and/or Facebook followers and/or Twitter followers who fully comply with the terms of entry, prior to the closing date. A unique number will be allocated to each qualifying subscriber, on each platform, and the winner will be drawn by a random number selection.The promoter reserves the right to cancel or amend the competition, and these terms and conditions, without notice in the event of a catastrophe, war, civil or military disturbance, act of God or any actual or anticipated breach of any applicable law or regulation or any other event outside of the promoter’s control. Any changes to the competition will be notified to entrants as soon as possible by the promoter.The promoter is not responsible for inaccurate prize details supplied to any entrant by any third party who may become connected with this competition.The prize or prizes will be clearly stated in the initial competition notification.The prize is as only as stated and no cash or other alternatives will be offered.The prize is not transferable. The promoter reserves the right to amend the prize offered, subject to availability, and we reserve the right to substitute any prize with another of equivalent value without giving notice.The Winner will be chosen at random by software, from all entries received and verified by the Promoter and or its agents.The winner will be notified by email and/or Direct Message on Twitter/Facebook within 14 days of the closing date. If the winner cannot be contacted or do not claim the prize within 14 days of notification, we reserve the right to withdraw the prize from the winner and pick a replacement winner or pass the prize on to a charity of the promoters choosing.The promoter will notify the winner when the prize can be collected from their Leyland trading office or may make arrangements to deliver.The promoter’s decision in respect of all matters to do with the competition will be final and no correspondence will be entered into.By entering this competition, an entrant is indicating his/her agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions.The competition and these terms and conditions will be governed by English law and any disputes will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.By entering the competition, the winner agrees to the use of his/her name and image in any subsequent publicity material and/or social media post. Any personal data relating to the winner or any other entrants will be used solely in accordance with current UK data protection legislation and will not be disclosed to a third party without the entrant’s prior consent.The winner’s name will be available 28 days after closing date by emailing the following address: sales@ad-options.co.ukEntry into the competition will be deemed as acceptance of these terms and conditions.This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with Facebook, Twitter or any other Social Network. You are providing your information to Ad-Options Ltd and not to any other party. The information provided will be used in conjunction with the following Privacy Policy found at https://businessgiftuk.com/terms.Ad-Option‘s decision as to those able to take part and selection of winners is final. No correspondence relating to the competition will be entered into.The entrant must be following @BusinessGiftUK on Twitter and /or LIKE BusinessGiftUK on FaceBook and/or subcribe to BusinessGiftUK.com emails in order to enter.Ad-Options Ltd shall have the right, at its sole discretion and at any time, to change or modify these terms and conditions, such change shall be effective immediately upon posting to this webpage.Ad-Options Ltd also reserves the right to cancel the competition if circumstances arise outside of its control.Last document review 21st March 2019 – Stephen Ward, Managing Director
Go to Top