http://butcherboymachines.com/privacy
EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES
Meat Band Saws
Meat Grinder
Meat Mixer Grinder
Meat Mixer Blender
Meat Flaker
Material Handling
Butcher Boy Machines Manual
Butcher Boy Machines Parts
EVENTS / TRADE SHOWS
ABOUT US
About Us
Dealer Program
CONTACT US
VIEW CART (0)
REGISTER
Phone Orders Accepted!
731-434-1012
Meat Band SawsMeat Band SawsMeat Bandsaw
Meat GrinderMeat GrinderTable Top Meat GrinderCommercial Meat GrinderAutomatic Feed GrinderFrozen Block Grinder
Meat Mixer Grinder
Meat Mixer Blender
Meat Flaker
Material HandlingMaterial HandlingMeat VatsStainless Steel Buggy
Butcher Boy Machines ManualButcher Boy Machines ManualLasar Mfg ManualsWestglen Corporation ManualsAmerican Meat Equipment LLC Manuals
Butcher Boy Machines PartsButcher Boy Machines PartsButcher Boy Meat Bandsaw PartsButcher Boy Meat Flaker PartsButcher Boy Meat Mixer Blender PartsButcher Boy Table Top Meat Grinder PartsButcher Boy Commercial Meat Grinder PartsButcher Boy Automatic Feed Grinder PartsButcher Boy Frozen Block Grinder Parts
Want to be a Dealer?
Learn more
Home › Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Butcher Boy Machines International LLC recognizes the importance of our customers' privacy. We believe that privacy is more than an issue of compliance—it is one of trust. We strive to manage your personal information based on our basic belief of respect for the individual. This Policy describes:
How and why we collect your personal information.
How your information is used and protected.
When and with whom we share your information.
The choices you can make about how we collect, use, and share your information.
Notice and Scope of Our Privacy Practices
Our goal is to provide clear, prominent, and easily accessible information about our privacy practices. This Policy applies to customer information we collect in the United States and Puerto Rico at Butcher Boy Machines International LLC retail stores and through our websites (for purposes of this Policy, "websites" includes our mobile applications).
Our Pledge of Accountability
Butcher Boy Machines International LLC expects our associates and business partners to manage your personal information properly and maintain your trust. We have designated associates who are accountable for compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect
We collect personal information about you to deliver the products and services you request and to help improve your shopping experience. We strive to limit the amount of personal information collected to support the intended purpose of the collection.
Information You Give Us
We collect personal information from you in a variety of ways when you interact with Butcher Boy Machines International LLC, both in stores and through our websites. Some examples are when you:
Create an account on one of our websites;
Make an online or in-store purchase from us;
Create a mobile shopping list;
Conduct a transaction where we collect information, including when required by law (such as hunting and fishing licenses);
Request customer service or contact us;
Submit a Butcher Boy Machines International LLC related story, testimonial, rating or review, or other user-generated content that may be posted on the site;
Participate in a contest, sweepstake, promotion, or survey; or
Otherwise submit personal information to us along with any related content of the communication.
Personal information is information that identifies you or is reasonably linked to you. The personal information we collect may include contact and payment information like your name, email and physical addresses, phone numbers, and credit and debit card information. When you ask us to ship an order, we may collect information you provide us such as the name, address, and phone number of recipients. For certain transactions, we may be required to collect information to comply with legal requirements.
Information from Other Sources
We may receive personal information about you from other sources as well. Examples of these sources are entities that can help us correct or supplement our records, improve the quality or personalization of our service to you, and help prevent or detect fraud. In addition, we may collect information from consumer reporting agencies or other service providers if you obtain certain financial products.
Automated Information Collection
We receive and store certain types of information when you interact with our websites, emails, and online advertising. Our purpose is to allow the websites to work correctly, to evaluate use of the website, and to support website analytics and marketing campaigns. Some examples include:
We may collect technical information such as your internet protocol address, your device operating system and browser type, the address of a referring website, if any, and the path you take through our websites.
We use "cookies" to recognize you as you use or return to our sites. This is done so that we can provide a continuous and more personalized shopping experience for you. A cookie is a small text file that a website or email may save to your browser and store on your hard drive.
We may also use web beacons. Beacons allow us to know if a certain page was visited, an email was opened, or if ad banners on our website and other sites were effective.
We operate cameras in stores for security and operational purposes, such as to measure traffic patterns. Except for security purposes, we do not use these cameras to identify you personally.
How We Use Your Information
Butcher Boy Machines International LLC uses your information to offer and provide our products and services and to support our core business functions. These include order or service fulfillment, internal business processes, marketing, authentication, loss and fraud prevention, public safety and legal functions. Some examples include:
To fulfill your requests for products and services and communicate with you about those requests;
To register and service your account;
To administer surveys, sweepstakes, contests, and promotions;
To provide customer service and alert you to product information, including recalls;
To help us improve and customize our service offerings, websites, and advertising;
To send you information about our products, services, and promotions; and
To protect the security or integrity of our websites and our business.
To accomplish these purposes, we may combine personal and non-personal information we collect with offline information, including information from third parties. We may transfer or disclose your information within our corporate family of companies for these purposes.
How We Disclose Your Information Outside Butcher Boy Machines International LLC
Butcher Boy Machines International LLC does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. We only disclose your personal information with your prior consent or under the following limited circumstances.
Service Providers
We may disclose or otherwise make available personal information about you to service providers that help with our business operations. Examples are shipping vendors, billing and refund vendors, payment card processors, and companies that help us improve our product and service offerings and our websites. Your personal information may be stored and processed by our service providers in the United States or other locations where the service providers or Butcher Boy Machines International LLC maintain facilities. We require our service providers to keep your information secure. In addition, our service providers may not use or disclose personal information for any purpose other than providing the services on our behalf.
Legal Requirements and Protection of Our Company and Others
We may disclose your information in other special circumstances. These include situations when the sharing is necessary to protect the safety, property, or other rights of Butcher Boy Machines International LLC, our customers, our associates, or any other person, or where otherwise required by law. Examples include protecting the health or safety of customers, or addressing crimes committed on Butcher Boy Machines International LLC property. Data from in-store security cameras may also be provided to law enforcement upon written request. Butcher Boy Machines International LLC may provide your personal information in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry or order, or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law, or as otherwise required by applicable law.
Business Transfers
We may transfer any information we have about you in connection with a merger or sale (including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings) involving all or part of Butcher Boy Machines International LLC or as part of a corporate reorganization or stock sale or other change in corporate control.
Your Choices
Data Collection, Use, or Disclosure
Butcher Boy Machines International LLC collects, uses, or discloses your personal information consistent with this policy. The method of obtaining consent is appropriate for the type of personal information being collected, used, or disclosed. For example, we will obtain your express consent (verbal, written, or electronic agreement) to collect, use, or disclose personal health information in accordance with law. In other situations, we consider consent to be implied, such as to use your email for marketing purposes, unless you opt out of these communications such as by unsubscribing.
Marketing Preferences
We want to communicate with you in ways you want to hear from us. Examples are newsletters, special offers, and new product announcements. We use the following standards for marketing communications:
We use an opt-in standard for phone and text messages. We also use an opt-in standard for sharing personal information with third parties for marketing purposes. Opt-in means we will only conduct the activity with your express consent.
We use an opt-out standard for email or for other communications like mail. Opt-out means we consider your consent is implied, but will stop the activity on your request.
You can provide us with your marketing preferences by emailing us at contact@butcherboymachinesllc.com.
If you contact us by email or mail, please be sure to include your full name, the types of communications you would like to receive or not receive, and your related contact information. For instance, if you would like to opt-out of mail, include your mailing address. Please allow sufficient time for your preferences to be processed. It may take up to 10 days to process your requests related to email and 4-6 weeks for other requests.
Please be aware that, even if you have opted out of receiving marketing communications from us, we may still contact you for transactional purposes. Some examples are contacts for customer service, product information, service or reminder notices, or recalls. We may also need to contact you with questions or information regarding your order, such as regarding order status, shipment, or refunds.
Online Operations and Advertising
You may exercise choices related to our online operations and advertising. For instance, you can choose to browse our websites without accepting cookies.
Please know that cookies allow us to recognize you from page to page, and they support your transactions with us. Without cookies enabled, you will still be able to browse our websites, but will not be able to complete a purchase or take advantage of certain website features.
To learn more about cookies, including how to refuse cookies on your device, follow these links:
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
All About Cookies
Adobe Flash Cookies
Safari
How to Access and Update Your Information
Butcher Boy Machines International LLC takes reasonable steps to keep your personal information accurate and complete. You can access or update your personal information, including contact or account information, by emailing us at contact@butcherboymachinesllc.com.
How We Secure Your Information
Securing your information is a company priority. Whether you are shopping on our websites or in our stores, we use reasonable security measures to help protect the confidentiality of personal information.
Online Protections
We use a technology called Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). If your browser is capable of SSL (and most are), your account information will be protected during transport across the Internet. You can see a representation of this when you enter a secure portion of our online website (not including our mobile applications), which is any page containing any of your account information, where an image of a closed lock or a solid key should appear in the bottom bar of your browser window. If you click on this image, a small pop-up window displaying website security information will appear. This display indicates that your personal information is transmitted in encrypted form to a Butcher Boy Machines International LLC web server, not to some unknown or unauthorized server.
Hard Copy and Electronic Storage Protections
Personal information that is maintained in our offices or stores is subject to physical, administrative, and technical controls as well. Hard copies of sensitive personal information are maintained in locked locations or cabinets with similar restrictions for electronic storage. When disposed of, the information is shredded, destroyed, erased, or otherwise sought to be made unreadable.
Privacy Protections for Specific Types of Information
Financial Products and Services
When you obtain financial products and services from us, we may collect and use certain financial-related information. We understand the sensitive nature of this information as well, and protect it in accordance with laws and our policies. Financial products and services include money orders, money transfers, credit card offerings, bill payment, and check cashing.
We protect payment card information we collect during transactions. We comply with industry standards that require safeguards for handling and securing customer information. These include using secure networks; encryption or other protection of cardholder data; physical and technical access controls; monitors and tests of security systems; and information security policies.
Privacy of Children Online
We are committed to protecting children's online privacy. Our websites are for a general audience and are not geared towards children. In order to protect the privacy of children, Butcher Boy Machines International LLC websites and mobile applications do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without prior parental consent. Please contact us by email (contact@butcherboymachinesllc.com) if you believe we may have collected information from your child and we will work to delete it.
Privacy of Mobile Applications
Butcher Boy Machines International LLC' mobile applications may include functionality to allow you to search, browse, and buy butcherboymachinesllc.com products, locate Butcher Boy Machines International LLC store, track orders, and view, share and print your online photos.
In addition to the information mentioned above, our mobile applications collect certain information automatically, such as the type of mobile device you use, the temporary or persistent unique device identifiers (sometimes called UDID) placed by us or our service providers, the unique identifier assigned by Butcher Boy Machines International LLC to your device, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use our mobile applications.
Additionally, our mobile applications collect precise information about the location of your device. You must first provide permission through your device before our mobile applications obtain such location information from technologies like GPS, Wi-Fi, or cell tower proximity (or a combination of these technologies). Butcher Boy Machines International LLC, and our service providers, may use and store this information, in combination with other location-based information such as IP address and billing or postal code provided by you at time of your mobile application registration, to provide enhanced location based services, such as store specific services, search results, and other content. To opt-out of the collection of location data, see below.
We may disclose or otherwise make available personal information about you to service providers that help with the operation of our mobile applications. These providers may collect device-specific information, such as a unique device identifier, when you use our website or one of our mobile applications. This information will not be associated in any way with your account at Butcher Boy Machines International LLC or any personal information that identifies who you are. The device identifier is used to improve services within our mobile applications such as barcode scanners or speech recognition. We require our service providers to keep your information secure. In addition, our service providers may not use or disclose personal information for any purpose other than providing the services on our behalf.
We may also work with analytics companies to help us understand how our mobile applications are being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. To protect the anonymity of this information, we use an encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties can't identify you personally based on information they collect from our mobile applications or your use of them. These analytics providers may also have access to your device-specific information such as a unique device identifier. This information will not be associated in any way with your account at Butcher Boy Machines International LLC or any personal information that identifies who you are, and we require these service providers to keep your information secure.
There are multiple options for users of our mobile applications to opt-out of the collection and of your precise location information:
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling our mobile applications—You can stop all collection of information by our mobile applications easily by uninstalling the mobile applications. You may use the standard uninstall processes available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Note: If you uninstall the mobile application from your device, the Butcher Boy Machines International LLC unique identifier associated with your device will continue to be stored. If you re-install the application on the same device, Butcher Boy Machines International LLC will be able to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions.
You may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device.
International
As a global company, Butcher Boy Machines International LLC has separate privacy policies for its international offices. Personal information about our customers may be processed and stored in the United States or any other country in which Butcher Boy Machines International LLC or our service providers maintain facilities. Globally, Butcher Boy Machines International LLC requires our family of companies to protect your personal information, regardless of where it is stored, in accordance with local laws and our policies.
Changes to the Butcher Boy Machines International LLC Privacy Policy
Please check our privacy Policy periodically for changes. We will also notify you of significant updates and will post the date it was last updated at the bottom of the privacy Policy.
Contact Us
Mail:
Butcher Boy Machines International LLC
640 Mulberry Ave
Selmer, Tennessee 38375
Email:
contact@butcherboymachinesllc.com
Your California Privacy Rights
Our privacy Policy describes how we share information for marketing purposes. The Policy and rights apply to all customers, including California residents:
We share information with others outside of Butcher Boy Machines International LLC only if we have your express consent (opt-in). See How We Disclose Your Information Outside Butcher Boy Machines International LLC.
Selmer, TN
Copyright © 2020 Butcher Boy Machines International LLC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use