https://buzzbeetoys.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home | Privacy Policy
Buzz Bee Toys Inc. Online & Mobile Privacy Practices Notice
Effective June 2020
Privacy Principles
This Online & Mobile Privacy Practice Notice (“Notice”) applies to the Buzz Bee Toys Inc. online interface (i.e., website or mobile application). Buzz Bee Toys Inc. (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates www.Buzz Bee Toys Inc. .com (the “Site”). This Notice describes how our Site may collect, use, and share information from or about you and explains how information may be collected and used for advertising purposes. Your privacy is important to us, and we value your trust. We protect your information online. Our Online & Mobile Privacy Practices strictly abide by the terms of our Privacy Policy. This Notice applies to relationships established in the United States. Some Buzz Bee Toys Inc. affiliates are licensed to do business in foreign jurisdictions. The web sites of those affiliates have separate privacy policies that apply to their customers based upon the laws of the jurisdiction in which the affiliates are established.
Acknowledgment and Acceptance of Terms
Buzz Bee Toys Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy. This Notice describes the Buzz Bee Toys Inc. Online and Mobile Privacy Practices and applies to anyone who visits our website or uses our mobile applications (“Online Services”). This Notice explains which types of personally identifiable information (PII) we collect on our website and what we do with such information. It should be read in conjunction with the Internet Terms and Conditions. This specifically applies to the general use of the Online Services only. For information on the collection and use of Non-Public Personally Identifiable Information for individuals who obtain services from Buzz Bee Toys Inc., please view the Buzz Bee Toys Inc. Privacy Policy.
Each time you use our Online Services, you are indicating your acknowledgment and consent to collect, use, and disclose information about you collected through our Online Services as set forth in this Notice. We may revise this Notice periodically without advance notice. We will let you know of any changes by posting a revised Notice on our website with a new effective date. If you do not accept the terms outlined in this Notice or any revised Notice, please do not use our Online Services.
Collecting and Using Information
Personal Information We Collect Online
Buzz Bee Toys Inc. uses tools, such as cookies or clickstream auditing, to gather information for internal uses, such as Web analytics, and to personalize your visit. We may collect Personally Identifiable Information, such as your name, mailing address, email address, or telephone number, when you voluntarily provide it to us through forms on our website. When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
We Obtain Personal Information from Others
We may collect personal information from third parties. Those sites may have their own privacy policies. It is always a good idea to review a site’s privacy policy before entering any personal information on that Site. Once you leave our Site, our privacy policy is no longer in effect.
Other Information We Collect Online
Other information is any information other than Personal Information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual. This can be browser information, information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies, demographic information, additional information provided by you such as your date of birth or household income and aggregated and de-identified data.
How We Collect and Use Other Information
Our third-party service providers and we may collect and use Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
• Through your browser or device: Certain information is collected by most browsers and/or through your device, such as your device type, screen resolution, operating system version and internet browser type and version. We use this information to ensure Sites function properly, for fraud detection and prevention, and security purposes.
• Using cookies: Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the device you are using. Cookies we use do not contain or capture unencrypted Personal Information. We collect statistical information about the usage of the Site to improve the design and functionality continually, to monitor responses to our advertisements and content, to understand how customers and visitors use the Site, and to assist us with resolving questions regarding the Site. We also utilize cookies for advertising purposes.
• Action Tags, Web beacons, and Other Technologies: We use third-party advertising and media companies to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and to help manage and optimize our Internet business and communications. Through the use of cookies and Action Tags (commonly referred to as Web beacons or GIF tags), which are inserted in various places within our Website, such third party companies may collect anonymous information about your visits to the Buzz Bee Toys Inc. site and your interaction with our ads and content. For instance, they may keep track of how many of our ads you have seen on other websites before visiting our Website. We may include web beacons in email messages or newsletters to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. In the case of email marketing, we can track precisely which users visited specific pages on the website from an email sent to them. This information is used to understand your browsing behavior and interests so that we can identify your needs and provide service and advertising that is tailored to you.
• Click Stream Auditing: Click Stream Auditing includes information such as a web surfer’s IP address, web pages which have been viewed or acted upon by a web surfer, date and time, domain type, and when a web surfer has responded to an advertisement. We may occasionally combine this information with individual information on an aggregate level to determine the effectiveness of our advertising.
• Behavioral Targeting: The third-party companies we use for online tracking have a network of advertising companies and may share anonymous information about your visits to Buzz Bee Toys Inc. site and other websites with us. This information may be used to provide ads related to goods and services relevant to you based on your browsing on Buzz Bee Toys Inc. site. From time to time, we may also share anonymous information with such third-party companies in an aggregate form, for purposes of analysis and improvement of our Website.
• Geolocation Data: Buzz Bee Toys Inc. does not access location data stored on your mobile device without your permission. Some features, such as our Finder application, which locates the nearest Buzz Bee Toys Inc. store and shows the best route to get there, will not fully function unless you have enabled access to your location data. You may be able to set your device to block access to location data stored on your device; refer to the user guide for your device.
• IP Address: Your IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to the device that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). An IP address is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user visits the Site, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited. Collecting IP addresses is standard practice on the Internet and is done automatically by many web sites. We use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating Site usage levels, helping diagnose server problems, and personalizing/tailoring your experience while engaging with us online and offline, for compliance and security purposes, for advertising, and administering the Site.
• Aggregated and De-identified Data: Aggregated and De-identified Data is data that we may create or compile from various sources, including but not limited to accounts and purchasing transactions. This information, which does not identify individual customers, may be used for business purposes, which may include offering products or services, research, marketing or analyzing market trends, and other purposes consistent with applicable laws.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file containing a string of characters sent to your computer or device when you visit a website. When you revisit the website, the cookie allows that Site to recognize your browser.
For security purposes, cookies may be used to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, to personalize/tailor your experience while you engage with us, and to recognize your device to allow your use of our online products and services.
Buzz Bee Toys Inc. does not store confidential or sensitive personal information in cookies. Cookies cannot be used to capture your email address, obtain data from your hard drive, or gain confidential or sensitive information about you. Additionally, cookies cannot be read by a Website other than the one that sets the cookie. Some Websites, however, use cookies to obtain information from your browser. By default, most web browsers accept cookies automatically.
You have the option to accept or decline cookies during Internet use. You can set your browser to notify you before accepting a cookie so that you can control whether you accept or reject a cookie. You will need to manage your cookie settings for each device and browser you use. Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. Keep in mind; if you do not accept these cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Site and some online products and services. Without cookies, we will not be able to recognize your device as a returning user.
Visit the Federal Trade Commission to learn more about how to limit tracking and online advertising by controlling cookies and other tracking technologies attached to your browser.
Online Behavioral Advertising and Google Analytics Advertising Features
Buzz Bee Toys Inc. advertises online (through our social media pages, and on other sites and mobile apps not affiliated with Buzz Bee Toys Inc.). We use Google AdWords Remarketing and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to advertise Buzz Bee Toys Inc. across the Internet, particularly on the Google Display Network. If you do not wish to see ads from Buzz Bee Toys Inc., you can opt-out by visiting Google’s Ads Settings.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyze trends, administer the Site, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information, along with third-party audience data (such as age, gender, and interests) for aggregate use for reporting purposes. This information is used to make improvements to our websites and to monitor the effectiveness of website changes.
Some common types of information collected include, but are not limited to, your internet protocol (IP) address; the browser type you’re using; the pages you view on the website; the type of device used to access our websites and mobile apps; the items you click within the site; the state or country from which you access the website; the date and time of your visit; the name of your internet service provider; and certain demographic information Google makes available such as age, gender along with the interests they express in their online browsing and purchasing activities.
This data collection provides a statistical summary that cannot be tracked back to a specific individual.
For example, we can view the number of visitors to our Site who use a specific type of Internet browser, but we cannot determine which browser a visitor uses. Please keep in mind this statement refers to general website usage, and not, for instance, Buzz Bee Toys Inc. Online Purchasing Service.
In instances of the use of our products and services, we may use personally identifiable information (PII) to serve you better and provide product support. See the Privacy Policy for more information.
Although the analytics tools plant a persistent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this Site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. By accessing our Online Services, you are allowing this information to be available to Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this Site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this Site by disabling cookies on your browser.
Google AdWords
AdWords Remarketing will show you ads based on your past interactions with Buzz Bee Toys Inc. website by placing a cookie in your browser. This cookie does not provide us with identifying information such as name, account numbers, social security numbers, or addresses, nor does it give us access to your computer or mobile device. This cookie is used to indicate to other websites that you visited a page and would be responsive to ads relating to that page.
Social Media
Buzz Bee Toys Inc. maintains information on social media sites like Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn, and YouTube. Posting information on Buzz Bee Toys Inc.’s social media pages will be subject to the privacy and security conditions of the social media site. When you log into Buzz Bee Toys Inc. owned social media properties, we collect information about your activities on those properties. The information we review includes whether you visited or commented on a blog or provided a rating.
Buzz Bee Toys Inc. mobile applications are not socially enabled and do not allow you to connect to and share information with a community of other users, such as Facebook, Instagram or Twitter, LinkedIn, or the public, such as YouTube.
Information Use
Personal information that we collect about you is used to provide you with optimal online experiences with us. We use it to help determine your needs to recommend relevant products and services. We use personal information about you to qualify you for products and services that you request, to process your purchasing transactions, authenticate your identity, prevent fraud, and to keep your information and purchasing transactions secure. Your personal information is strictly used per applicable laws and the Privacy Policy.
Information Sharing
Buzz Bee Toys Inc. shares your personal information among its affiliates to provide you with our full range of products and services per the terms described in our Privacy Policy.
We may share personal information when required by law or a subpoena or court order. We may also share personal information when we suspect fraud or for risk management purposes. Please see Buzz Bee Toys Inc. Privacy Policy for more information on how Personal Information may be shared.
Access
Buzz Bee Toys Inc. does not maintain a process that allows visitors to review and request changes to their personally identifiable information, including information collected using cookies or other tracking devices. If you believe that Buzz Bee Toys Inc. records contain any incorrect information about you, please contact us using the customer service contact information provided on communications from us pertaining to the products and services you use. You may also contact your local store.
Retention and Destruction
Buzz Bee Toys Inc. retains personally identifiable information for as long as necessary to provide the products and services for which the information was collected, to process and maintain a record of purchasing transactions, for legal processes, or to satisfy government retention requirements. When the retention period expires, Buzz Bee Toys Inc. destroys data that was maintained in any form in a manner that renders it completely unusable and incapable of restoration.
Third-Party Vendors and Links to Other Websites
We may place links to other websites or third-party vendors on our websites and social media pages.
Buzz Bee Toys Inc. has no control over any other website and is not responsible for the content on any other site. Users assume all responsibility when they go to other sites via the links on our websites and social media pages, and they accept the individual privacy policies of those sites or third-party vendors.
Protecting children’s privacy online
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), as set forth by The Federal Trade Commission, prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or practices connected with collecting, using, and/or disclosing personal information from and about children on the Internet. Buzz Bee Toys Inc. does not intentionally collect personal information from children under age 13 on any of our websites without prior consent from their parents or legal guardians. To learn more about COPPA, please visit https://www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/business-center/privacy-and-security/children%27s-privacy.
If you have questions regarding Buzz Bee Toys Inc.’s Online and Mobile Privacy Practices, please contact us at cs@BuzzBeetoys.com
Click To View
Click To View
Click To View
Click To View
Click To View
Home
Products
Blog
Media
Products Support Files
Company
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Buzz Bee Toys, Inc. 309 Fellowship Road
Suite 105
Mt Laurel, NJ 08054
Buzz Bee Toys (HK) Co., Limited Unit 1206-8, Tower B
New Mandarin Plaza,
14 Science Museum Road,
Tsim Sha Tsui East,
Kowloon, H.K
Contact Us | Refill order form