https://ca.co.za/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – CA Financial Appointments
This privacy policy is designed to detail how CA Financial Appointments handles data collection and data usage of website users. CA Financial Appointments may collect a variety of data to ease visitor experience.
What data we collect and why:
CA Financial Appointments collects personally identifiable data such as a user’s name, email address, phone number (we only receive these if a user manually submits them through our website), IP address and location. We also track clicks and visitor usage of our website (a third-party website, Google Analytics, makes use of this data). We gather page information, such as the URL and title of the page the user is visiting. We also track browser information such as browser name, viewport or viewing pane, screen resolution, whether or not the user has Java enabled, which version of Flash the user is using, and what device the user is using to access the browser.
Our website also makes use of cookies (small files of letters and numbers), designed to collect information to optimize our services, ease browser experience and increase functionality. We gather this data for marketing purposes and to create a greater personalized experience for our website visitors. This data also enables us to moderate comments on our website.
Our main purposes for collecting personal information about individuals are:
Providing services;
Responding to requests;
Maintaining client relationship;
Notifying subscribers of our service offerings and developments;
Reporting and management; and
Any purpose that would relate to our business
We may use personal information about individuals to market our services, including by email. However, individuals have the right to object to the processing of personal data concerning him/her for such marketing as explained below.
Candidates
CA Financial Appointments may gather personally identifiable data from candidates who submit CV’s on our website. We may gather data such as nationality, ID number, contact numbers, date of birth, gender, language, placement status, email, skype ID, address, credit record, education, industry, information about a candidate’s current employer (including the period of work, currency and pay, and benefits), desired pay, expected salary and benefits, reason for seeking employment, and ability to relocate. We also may collect data on a candidate’s race and criminal record in order to comply with legal obligations and internal policies, such as those relating to diversity and anti-discrimination. This information goes through to Vincere, the internal recruitment system our recruiters use. For information on Vincere’s privacy policy, click here.
Cookie policy:
CA Financial Appointments uses multiple cookies to optimize our services. Cookies remember information about you, making your usage of our website easier.
The main purpose of the majority of these cookies is for advertising/targeting users. These cookies enable link-based advertisements, content sharing and linking services, and online video advertising. Some cookies also improve webpage loading speeds for high traffic websites.
Our cookies gather data such as audience data to enable targeting of advertising based on visitor profiling, and web widgets embedded by site owners into pages or other content, to enable visitors to create and share links to the content across social networks.
While cookies are used by default, they may be disabled. However, this may prevent you from using the full range of our available services.
Use of Third-party Sub-processors:
We make use of a variety of third-party websites to help run our CA Financial Appointments web pages, some of which may gather user data. The data these third-party sites gather enables us and these websites to greater facilitate user experience. These sites may gather personally identifiable data such as a user’s name, email address, phone number, mobile provider, country of origin, operating system, company name, email address, billing address, and postal address where necessary. Other data collected is used as log data, such as a user’s IP address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our service that are visited, the time and date of visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Disclosure of personal information
We do not routinely disclose personal information to other organizations unless:
required by law;
use or disclosure is permitted by this policy;
we believe it necessary to provide you with a product or service which you have requested or are contracted to;
to protect the rights, property or personal safety of any member of the public or a customer of CA Financial Appointments or the interests of CA Financial Appointments;
some or all the assets or operations of CA Financial Appointments are or may be transferred to another party as part of the sale of some or all of our business; or
you give your consent.
We may also share non-personal, de-identified and aggregated information for research or promotional purposes. Except as set out in this policy, we do not sell or trade personal information to third parties or allow such third parties to use that personal information.
We use a range of service providers to help us maximize the quality and efficiency of our services and our business operations (including internal business requirements, such as recruitment and human capital requirements). This means that individuals and organizations outside of CA Financial Appointments will sometimes have access to personal information held by CA Financial Appointments and may collect or use it from or on behalf of CA Financial Appointments This may include, but is not limited to, independent contractors and consultants, mail houses, off-site security storage providers, website hosts, electronic database managers, or event managers. We require our service providers to adhere to our privacy guidelines and not to keep this information or use it for any unauthorized purposes.
If our staff obtains products or services offered by a third party pursuant to an agreement or arrangement between that third party and CA Financial Appointments, such as a credit card provider, we may provide your personal information to that third party, including information that relates to your use of such services.
Security of personal information:
Depending on the purpose for which we have collected personal information (for example, registration for a CA Financial Appointments event or a request for particular information or material), we may store some of the information electronically in CA Financial Appointments customer relationship management system. Some or all this personal information may be available to partners and authorized staff of CA Financial Appointments for use in accordance with this policy.
We will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to keep secure any information which we hold about you, whether electronically or in hard-copy, and to keep this information accurate and up to date. We also require our employees and data processors to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by CA Financial Appointments.
The transmission of information via the internet or email is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of data while you are transmitting it to our site; any such transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your personal data, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
We aim to achieve industry best practice in the security of personal information which it holds. It is our policy to destroy personal information once there is no longer a legal or business need for us to retain it.
Access to information:
We will provide access to personal information upon request by an individual, except in the limited circumstances in which it is permitted for us to withhold this information (for instance, where granting access would infringe another person’s privacy).
When you make a request to access personal information, we will require you to provide some form of identification (such as a driver’s license or passport) so we can verify that you are the person to whom the information relates. In some cases, we may also request an administrative fee to cover the cost of access.
If at any time you want to know what personal information we hold about you, you may contact us by email.
How to have data deleted:
Users who do not want to be tracked may request to have their data deleted from our website. Email devon@ca.co.za to request to have your data deleted.
Corrections and concerns:
If you believe that information we hold about you is incorrect or out of date, or if you have concerns about how we are handling your personal information, please contact us at the above email and we will try to resolve those concerns.
If you wish to have your personal information deleted, please let us know and we will take reasonable steps to delete it (unless we need to keep it for legal, auditing or internal risk management reasons).
If we become aware of any ongoing concerns or problems concerning our privacy practices, we will take these issues seriously and work to address these concerns. If you have any further queries relating to our privacy policy, or you have a problem or complaint, please contact our Data Protection Officer at devon@ca.co.za.
Effect of policy:
CA Financial Appointments operates in a dynamic business environment. Over time, aspects of our business may change as we respond to changing market conditions. This may require our policies to be reviewed and revised. CA Financial Appointments reserves the right to change its privacy policy at any time and notify you by posting an updated version of the policy on this website.
Search
Search for:
From the blog How To Become a Compliance OfficerAdvantages and Disadvantages of Financial Contract WorkWorking With Recruitment Consultants – Why Honesty Is The Best PolicyEverything You Need To Know About Becoming A Financial ManagerThe Advantages of Using A Trusted Recruiter To Find A New Job
Shares
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Gmail