https://ca.nttdata.com/en/privacy-policy#cookies
Search Keywords
Select a Country
Country
United States
Global
Canada
Mexico
Operating Company
NTT DATA Services
NTT DATA
Language
English
Spanish
French
Apply
Privacy Policy
NTT DATA SERVICES WEBSITE PRIVACY & COOKIE POLICY
Effective Date: 8 May 2018
This Privacy & Cookie Policy ("Privacy Policy") describes how NTT DATA Services1 ("NTT DATA") collects, uses, shares and otherwise processes individually identifiable data about visitors to this Site, as well as individually identifiable
data pertaining to our customer contacts ("Personal Data"). This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Data that we collect through our website ("Site"), as well as through trade shows, conferences and offline means.
Summary of Key Points
Collection
As a business to business ("B2B") organisation, we collect names, contact details and other Personal Data related to our commercial relationships. Click here to learn more.
Use
We use Personal Data to provide our services and respond to inquiries, to manage accounts and maintain business operations, including the processing of applications, to provide relevant marketing, and to fulfill other business
and compliance purposes. Click here to learn more.
Sharing
We share Personal Data as necessary to provide our services and respond to requests, and to fulfill other business and compliance purposes. Click here to learn more.
Marketing choices
You have control over how we use Personal Data for direct marketing. Click here to learn more.
Cookies
We use cookies on our Site and in our communications, and provide choices on use of cookies, including third-party targeting and advertising. Click here to learn more.
Data subject rights
You have certain rights to request access, rectification, deletion or other actions regarding Personal Data where required by applicable law. Click here to learn more.
Data security
We maintain technical and organisational measures to protect Personal Data from loss, misuse, alteration or unintentional destruction. Click here to learn more.
Cross-border data transfers
We provide appropriate protections for cross-border transfers where specified by law. Click here to learn more.
Other issues
We provide other information in this Privacy Policy about: (i) the legal bases for collecting and processing Personal Data, (ii) the consequences for not providing Personal Data, (iii) automated decision-making, (iv) do-not-track
(DNT) signals, (v) data retention, (vi) links to third-party websites, (vii) employee and contractor issues, and (viii) changes to this Privacy Policy. Click here to learn more.
Contact Us
Please contact us as detailed below with any questions. Click here to learn more.
Collection of Personal Data
We collect the following categories of Personal Data:
Basic Data: Name, title, company, office location, job responsibilities, phone number, mailing address and email address.
Registration Data: Whitepaper/newsletter/brochure requests, service preferences, company-hosted or sponsored event attendance, downloads and username/passwords.
Marketing Data: Data about individual participation in trade shows and conferences, credentials, associations, services that you are interested in, and preferences.
Job Applicant Data: Data provided by job applicants or others on our Site or offline means in connection with employment opportunities.
Device Data: Computer Internet Protocol (IP) address, unique device identifier (UDID), cookies and other data linked to a device, and data about usage of our Site and communications. Note, however, we do not consider Device
Data to be Personal Data except where we link it to you as an individual or where applicable law requires.
Use of Personal Data
We use the above categories of Personal Data for the following purposes:
Purpose of Use
Categories of Personal Data
Provide the services you requested and respond to your inquiries
Basic Data, Registration Data, Transaction Data and Device Data
Manage your accounts and maintain our business operations
Basic Data, Registration Data, Transaction Data and Device Data
Make our Site more personal, intuitive and easy to use, including preferred language and tailored advertising
Device Data
Protect the security and effective functioning of our Site and information technology systems
Basic Data, Registration Data, Transaction Data and Device Data
Provide relevant marketing about our services or our affiliates' services or promotions that we are developing, and opportunities that may be available to you
Basic Data, Registration Data, Transaction Data, Device Data and Marketing Data
Address our compliance and legal obligations and exercise our legal rights
Basic Data, Registration Data, Transaction Data and Device Data
Consider individuals for employment and contractor opportunities and manage on-boarding procedures
Job Applicant Data
Sharing of Personal Data
We share Personal Data with the following categories of recipients:
Affiliates: We share Personal Data within the NTT DATA group of affiliated companies as necessary for the purposes described above. The list of affiliates within the NTT DATA group is provided here.
Service providers: We share Personal Data with service providers to perform functions on our behalf and under our instructions in order to carry out the purposes identified above, such as marketing or web hosting.
We require service providers to provide reasonable and appropriate security for Personal Data and to use and process such Personal Data only on our behalf.
Auditors and advisors: We share Personal Data with auditors for the performance of audit functions, and with advisors for the provision of legal and other advice.
Business Reorganisation: We share Personal Data with any corporate purchaser or prospect to the extent permitted by law as part of any merger, acquisition, sale of company assets or transition of service to another
provider, as well as in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which Personal Data would be transferred as an asset of NTT DATA.
Mandatory disclosures and legal rights: We share Personal Data in order to comply with any subpoena, court order or other legal process, or as otherwise required by applicable law. We also share Personal Data to
establish or protect our legal rights, property or safety, or the rights, property or safety of others, or to defend against legal claims.
If you have questions about the parties with which we share Personal Data, please contact us as specified below.
Marketing Choices
You have control regarding our use of your Personal Data for directing marketing. If you no longer wish to receive any marketing communications, remain on a mailing list to which you previously subscribed or receive any
other marketing communication, you can choose to not receive such communications at any time. Please follow the unsubscribe link in the relevant communication or contact us as detailed below.
Cookies
We use and allow certain trusted partners to use cookies, web beacons and similar tracking technologies (collectively, "cookies") on our Site.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small amounts of data that are stored on your browser, device, communication or the page that you are viewing. Some cookies are deleted once you close your browser, while other cookies are retained even after you close your browser
so that you can be recognised when you return to a website. More information about cookies and how they work is available at www.allaboutcookies.org.
How do we use cookies?
We use cookies to provide the Site and services, gather information about your usage patterns when you navigate this Site, in order to enhance your personalised experience, and to understand usage patterns to improve our Site and services.
We also allow certain trusted partners to place cookies on our Site in order to collect information about your online activities on our Site over time and across different websites that you visit. This information is used to provide advertising
tailored to your interests on websites that you visit, also known as interest based advertising, and to analyse the effectiveness of such advertising.
Cookies on our Site are generally divided into the following categories:
Strictly Necessary Cookies: These are required for the operation of our Site. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas. These cookies are session cookies that are erased when
you close your browser.
Analytical/Performance Cookies: These allow us to recognise and count the number of users of our Site and understand how such users navigate through our Site. This helps to improve how our Site works, for example,
by ensuring that users can find what they are looking for easily. These cookies are session cookies that are erased when you close your browser.
Functional Cookies: These improve the functional performance of our Site and make it easier for you to use. For example, cookies are used to remember that you have previously visited the Site and asked to remain
logged into it. These cookies qualify as persistent cookies, because they remain on your device for us to use during a next visit to our Site. You can delete these cookies via your browser settings.
Targeting Cookies: These record your visit to our Site, the pages that you have visited and the links that you have followed. This is in order to recognise you as a previous visitor and to track your activity on the Site and other websites
that you visit. These cookies qualify as persistent cookies because they remain on your device for us to use during your next visit to our Site. You can delete these cookies via your browser settings or our cookie management tool.
See below for further details on how you can control third party targeting cookies. When you register to receive a white paper, newsletter, brochure or other communication from us, we may rely on cookies, clickthroughs and
how you otherwise interact with our communications (lead scoring) in order to tailor future communications to you, which you can opt out from at any time by using direct links to unsubscribe included at the bottom of any email or by contacting us below.
What are your options if you do not want cookies?
You can review your Internet browser settings, typically under the sections "Help" or "Internet Options", to exercise choices that you have for certain cookies. If you disable or delete certain cookies in your Internet browser settings, you
might not be able to access or use important functions or features of this Site, and you may be required to re-enter your login details.
To learn more about certain cookies used for interest-based advertising by third parties, and to exercise certain choices regarding such cookies, please visit our cookie management tool.
Data Subject Rights
Where required by applicable law, you have the right to obtain confirmation that we maintain certain Personal Data relating to you, to verify its content, origin and accuracy, as well as the right to access, review, port, delete, or to
block or withdraw consent to the processing of certain Personal Data (without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal), by contacting us at GDPR@NTTDATA.com. In particular, you have the right to object to our use of Personal Data for direct marketing and in certain other situations at any time. Contact us below for more details. Please note that we need to retain certain Personal Data as required or permitted by applicable law.
Data Security
We maintain technical and organisational measures to protect Personal Data from loss, misuse, alteration or unintentional destruction. However, no security measure can guarantee against compromise. You also have an important role in protecting
your Personal Data. You should not share your username and password with anyone, and you should not re-use passwords across more than one website. If you have any reason to believe that your username or password has been compromised,
please contact us as detailed below.
Cross-Border Data Transfers
We transfer Personal Data to various jurisdictions as necessary for the purposes described above, including to jurisdictions that may not provide the same level of data protection as your home country. We provide appropriate protections
for cross-border transfers as required by law for international data transfers. With respect to transfers originating from the European Economic Area ("EEA"), we implement standard contractual clauses approved by the
European Commission, and other appropriate solutions to address cross-border transfers as required by applicable law. Where required by such laws, you may request a copy of the suitable mechanisms that we have in place by contacting us
as detailed below.
Other Issues
What is the legal basis of processing?
Some jurisdictions require an explanation of the legal basis for the collection and processing of Personal Data. We have several different legal grounds on which we collect and process Personal Data, including: (i) as necessary
to perform a transaction (such as in order to provide the services you requested); (ii) as necessary to comply with a legal obligation (such as when we use Personal Data for record keeping to substantiate tax liability); (iii)
consent (where you have provided consent as appropriate under applicable law, such as for direct marketing or certain cookies); and (iv) as necessary for legitimate interests (such as when we act to maintain our business generally,
including maintaining the safety and security of the Site). With respect to legitimate interests, given that we are a B2B company, we typically collect and process limited Personal Data about customer contacts and other individuals
acting in their business capacities, as part of our overall effort to reduce the privacy impact on individuals.
What are the consequences of not providing Personal Data?
You are not required to provide all Personal Data identified in this Privacy Policy to use our Site or to interact with us offline, but certain functionality will not be available if you do not provide certain Personal Data. If
you do not provide certain Personal Data, we may not be able to respond to your request, perform a transaction with you, or provide you with marketing that we believe you would find valuable.
Do we engage in automated decision-making without human intervention?
We do not use automated decision-making without human intervention, including profiling, in a way that produces legal effects concerning you or otherwise significantly affects you.
Does the Site honour do not track ("DNT") signals sent via browsers?
Given the divergent practices of organisations that offer browsers and the lack of a standard in the marketplace, we do not respond to DNT signals at this time.
How long do we retain Personal Data?
We typically retain Personal Data related to marketing activities for as long as you accept marketing communications from us, and upon request, we will securely delete such data in accordance with applicable law. For Personal Data
that we collect and process for other purposes described above, we typically retain such Personal Data for no longer than for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and as otherwise needed
to address tax, corporate, compliance, litigation, employment and other legal rights and obligations.
Are third-party websites governed by this Privacy Policy?
This Site contains links and references to other websites administered by unaffiliated third parties. This Privacy Policy does not apply to such third-party sites. When you click a link to visit a third-party website, you will
be subject to that website's privacy practices. We encourage you to familiarise yourself with the privacy and security practices of the linked third-party websites before providing any Personal Data on that website.
How does NTT DATA handle employee and contractor privacy issues?
Personal Data about our employees and contractors are addressed through internal company policies and procedures, and are outside the scope of this Privacy Policy.
How will we handle any changes to this Privacy Policy?
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time as our services and privacy practices change, or as required by law. The effective date of our Privacy Policy is posted above, and we encourage you to visit our Site periodically
to stay informed about our privacy practices. We will post the updated version of the Privacy Policy on our Site, and ask for your consent to the changes if legally required.
Contact Us
If you have questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at:
Email: privacy@NTTDATA.com
Phone: +1 800 745 3263
Fax: +1 614 241 8027
Post: Database c/o Corp Marketing
100 City Square
Boston, MA 02129
You may also have a right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority.
1NTT DATA Services includes NTT Data International L.L.C., NTT DATA Services International Holdings B.V. and their respective subsidiaries, as well as NTT DATA (China) Co. Limited, Dalian Branch and PT NTT DATA Indonesia, to the extent related to NTT DATA Services. The foregoing entities shall collectively be referred to in this Privacy Policy as NTT DATA.
EXPLORE OUR COVID-19 RELATED SERVICES