http://ca.vwr.com/store/content/externalContentPage.jsp?path=/en_CA/help_creating_and_using_my_profile.jsp
Hidden_link
Hidden_link2
Hidden_link3
Keep my session open?
Ending In
Yes
No
The session is expired
Log in
Ok, I'll continue as logged out
Your session has expired. For your security, we have logged you out.
Would you like to log in again?
Log in
Log out
Skip to search
Skip to primary navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
order entry icon
Order Entry
order status icon
Order Status
my account icon
My Account
shopping cart icon
Cart
Update to Avantor’s response to the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic
Home
Help Center
Creating and Using My Profile
Share
Creating and Using My Profile
You will need to create and log into a VWR.com profile in order to purchase products on the site
If you don't have a profile on VWR.com, just follow a few simple steps to create one.  Once your profile is created, you can begin placing orders immediately.
Continue reading to learn more, or go to Tutorial Videos and watch "Creating My Profile."
Why create a profile?
With a profile, you'll have access to helpful tools that simplify procurement.
When you log in, the My Profile page (always accessible from the "My Profile" link at the top of the page), allows you to view and update your personal information and custom settings, tailoring VWR.com to your needs.
Access to your organization’s contract pricing
Visibility to product availability based on the VWR warehouses that service your shipping location
Edit your ordering, payment, and shipping preferences whenever needed, and this information will be conveniently available for selection when you check out.
Create and save Personal Shopping Lists, schedule Order Reminders, and use other VWR.com features that support efficient procurement process.
Access to real-time order status for all of your order with VWR; including carrier tracking information, C of A’s and SDS documents as well as downloadable packing slips and invoices.
Can I use VWR.com if I don’t have a profile?
Yes, you do not need a profile to browse our website, view product data, learn about our company and the services we offer, find career opportunities at VWR, and more.
Creating a profile
Select "Register" at the top of the page. Then choose "Permanent Profile" (if you have a VWR Shipping Account Number) and click "Next."
Complete the registration form, which will help us customize VWR.com to your specific needs. Once complete, select "Create Profile."
What if I don't have a Shipping Account Number?
Choose "Guest Profile," click "Next," complete the registration form, and then select "Create Profile." After your Guest Profile is created, you will be able to apply for a Shipping Account Number.
What is a VWR Shipping Account Number?
This number identifies you as a unique VWR customer. VWR assigns a Shipping Account Number (also known as an Account Number) to you to establish pricing, billing, shipping, and other important information.
If you do not have a VWR Shipping Account Number, request one after you create a Guest Profile by selecting "My Account," then clicking the link under Account Status.
How do I know My Profile has been created?
To complete the registration process, our system must verify that your e-mail address is accurate. Once you have completed the registration form and selected “Create Profile,” a verification message will be e-mailed to you immediately. This message will contain a Verification Key that links back to VWR.com and allows you to complete your registration.
What if I don't receive a verification message?
Please confirm that the e-mail address you provided when creating your profile is correct. If this address is incorrect or has changed, select "My Profile" at the top of the page, click the "Edit" button beside "Personal Information," update your e-mail address, and register again.
If you still don't receive a verification e-mail, call the VWR Web Support team at 888.320.4357 or e-mail solutions@vwr.com.
What is a Permanent Profile?
With a Permanent Profile, each time you log in, you'll have access to many advanced features such as Contract Pricing and Availability.
Access to the most advanced features on VWR.com depends on the specific arrangements you and/or your organization have made with VWR. Please let us know if you have any questions by contacting your VWR Sales Representative or sending an e-mail to solutions@vwr.com.
What is a Guest Profile?
With a Guest Profile, you can browse VWR.com and purchase many of our products with a credit card. Basic site features are available when using a Guest Profile, but access to advanced features requires a Permanent Profile.
Please do not register for a Guest Profile if you already have a VWR Shipping Account Number. This may cause delays to your order and lead to additional charges. If you do not know your VWR Shipping Account Number, call 800.932.5000.
Also, please note that Guest Profiles are NOT eligible for tax exempt status.
How do I apply for Contract Pricing and Availability?
When you create your profile with your VWR Shipping Account Number, you will be asked to enter your organization’s information, which VWR will review prior to approving your profile for Contract Pricing and Availability.
Once approved, in the Shopping Basket, VWR.com will display:
The price of each product based on your contract
The availability of each product based on the physical location tied to your Shipping Account Number
Please allow two business days for VWR to process your request for Contract Pricing and Availability.
What if the Shopping Basket isn't showing Contract Pricing and Availability?
If the Shopping Basket isn't displaying each product's contract price and availability status, select "My Account." Then, under "Account Status," select the following link: "send another request to be approved for Pricing and Availability." Enter your organization information, and click "Submit."
Will my VWR.com profile be secure?
VWR.com has been designed so that no personal identifying information is displayed online or is accessible to the general public. Read our Privacy Policy for more information.
Can I opt out of cookies (software tags)?
VWR.com uses software tags called "cookies" to identify customers and track shopping baskets when they visit our site. This allows you to stay logged in during your visit (preventing the need to continually log in). It also allows selected products to remain in a shopping basket as you go to other areas of the site.
To learn more about the two methods of cookie opt-out, and to exercise your choice, go to our Privacy Policy.
Using My Profile
You can use this secure location to keep your account details up-to-date. Your shipping addresses, credit cards, and other information will be available for you to select during checkout. This prevents the need to type information multiple times.
Whenever you need to add, edit, or refer to your account information, access My Profile from the top of the page. My Profile is also accessible from the My Account menu in the top navigation bar.
Continue reading to learn more, or go to Tutorial Videos and watch "Using My Profile."
How do I change the password for My Profile?
To change your password, select the “My Profile” link at the top the page. Click the “Edit” button next to Personal Information. Under Security Settings, click “Change Password.” Enter your new password and select "Submit."
Where do I edit my Personal Information?
Personal Information can be updated in My Profile by selecting the "Edit" button that appears beside "Personal Information." Update any incorrect information, then click "Submit."
How do I update information about my professional role, industry, and interests?
The Personal Info page allows you to maintain current information about your work. Keeping this information up-to-date helps VWR understand your professional interests and adds to the relevance of your experience on VWR.com.
Where can I subscribe/unsubscribe to news and promotions?
On the Personal Info page, you can opt in to receiving news and sales promotions via e-mail from VWR by selecting "Yes." You can opt out by selecting "No." After making your selection, click "Submit."
How do I switch to an alternate organization?
As you use VWR.com, your account (login) might have access to one or more organizations. Each organization can have many custom configurations tailored to your procurement needs.
Switch to an alternate organization by selecting "My Profile" at the top of the page, then click the "Edit" button beside "My Organization." The drop-down menu allows you to select from the organizations linked to your account. If you do not see an organization listed in the drop-down menu, send an e-mail to Solutions@vwr.com.
Where should I store my credit card information?
Information on each credit card that you use to purchase products on VWR.com can be stored in Payment Options, which is accessible from My Profile. When your card information is stored here, during checkout, you'll be able to select the card you want to use.
How do I add a credit card?
In My Profile, select the "Edit" button beside Payment Options, click the "Add Card" button, and add your card information. The Nickname field allows you to label each card for easy recognition during checkout. Click "Submit" when you've finished entering the information. VWR.com will let you know if the information is not valid. If it is valid, the card will appear under Credit Card Options.
How do I edit or delete a credit card?
"Edit" and "Delete" links appear beside each credit card that you have added under Credit Card Options. Click either of these links to manage your credit card(s).
Is there a limit to the number of credit cards can I store?
No. You can store as many as you need, including multiple cards from the same credit provider.
How do I set my Default Payment Type?
If you have a Permanent Profile, you can select your Default Payment Type on the Payment Options page (accessed with the "Edit" button beside "Payment Options" in My Profile). Select "Purchase Order" or "Credit Card/Purchasing Card" as your default, then click "Submit."
How do I request to be notified of new invoices?
You can make this request at the bottom of the Payment Options page. Select "Yes" under Invoice Notification E-mail, then click "Submit." If you would like to opt out of paper invoicing, please send a request via e-mail to c_billing@vwr.com or call 610-429-2889. If you are eligible, we will configure your account so that you only receive electronic invoices.
How do I switch to a different Shipping Account Number?
If you plan to ship your order to a destination other than the main address listed under Shipping Options in My Profile, it is important that you select the correct Shipping Account Number. Your Pricing and Availability may change based on this selection.
In My Profile, select the "Edit" button beside Shipping Options. On the Shipping Options page, click the following link: "Change shipping address for this site visit." Then, select the correct Shipping Account Number and click "Submit."
Where do I change my Default Shipping Account Number?
In My Profile, select the "Edit" button beside Shipping Options. On the Shipping Options page, you can select any of your Shipping Account Numbers as your default. After making this selection, click "Submit."
The default number (and shipping address) will be automatically selected when you check out. You will be able to select an alternative Shipping Account Number during checkout,
as long as
you have used the Shipping Options page to enter the alternative number and shipping address.
How do I add a Shipping Account Number?
In My Profile, select the "Edit" button beside Shipping Options. On the Shipping Options page, add the additional Shipping Account Number that you would like to store, then click "Submit."
How do I add a Ship-To Attention?
Once you add a name as a Ship-To Attention, the person's name will be available to select at checkout. In My Profile, select the "Edit" button beside Shipping Options. At the bottom of the Shipping Options page, add the new Ship-To Attention name, then click "Submit.
Where do I add e-mail addresses of colleagues I'd like to notify when I place an order?
You can add e-mail addresses by using the Order Options page, which is accessible from My Profile. Once you’ve stored a colleague’s e-mail address, during checkout, you’ll be able to notify the person of your order. Select the "Edit" button beside Order Options, add your colleague's e-mail address, and click "add."
Where do I turn on/turn off e-mail notification when an order has been processed, shipped, or approved?
These preferences can be set on the Order Options page, which is accessible from My Profile. Click the "Edit" button beside Order Options, select your preferences, and click "Submit."
Where do I add Charge Codes?
On the Order Options page, which is accessible from My Profile. To add a new Charge Code, click the "Edit" button beside Order Options, add a new code, and select "Submit." Charge Code data included with orders will be included on the invoices and packing slips you receive from VWR.
How do I access my Shopping Lists?
My Profile provides a convenient way to access Shopping Lists created by you or your organization's administrator. Select the "View" button beside Shopping Lists or use the drop down-menu.
Shopping Lists are also accessible from the My Account menu in the top navigation bar. And, depending on the page you are viewing, the left navigation menu provides links to Personal Shopping Lists, Organization Shopping Lists, Frequently Ordered Items, and Custom Catalogs.
To learn more, go to Tutorial Videos and watch "Building Shopping Lists." Or, find written instructions on Building Shopping Lists in the Help Center.
Help Center
Tutorial Videos
Logging In
Creating and Using My Profile
Finding Products
Placing Orders
Building Shopping Lists
Using the Shopping Basket
Tracking Orders
Advanced Features
Creating and Using My Profile
Contacting VWR
© 2020 VWR International, LLC. All rights reserved. © 2020 FORTUNE Media IP Limited All rights reserved. Used under license.