http://cablemarine.com/wp/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Cable Marine is committed to safeguarding your privacy.
By using this site or/and our services, you consent to the Processing of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy
Definitions
Personal Data – any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Processing – any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data.
Data subject – a natural person whose Personal Data is being Processed.
Child – a natural person under 16 years of age.
We/us (either capitalized or not) – Cable Marine
Data Protection Principles
Who we are:
Cable Marine is a full-service boat yard offering a wide range of marine services in Ft Lauderdale, Florida.  http://cablemarine.com/wp/
CONTACT US if you have any questions or problems regarding the use of your Personal Data and we will gladly assist you.
We promise to follow the following data protection principles:
Processing is lawful, fair, transparent. Our Processing activities have lawful grounds. We always consider your rights before Processing Personal Data. We will provide you information regarding Processing upon request.
Processing is limited to the purpose. Our Processing activities fit the purpose for which Personal Data was gathered.
Processing is done with minimal data. We only gather and Process the minimal amount of Personal Data required for any purpose.
Processing is limited with a time period. We will not store your personal data for longer than needed.
We will do our best to ensure the accuracy, integrity and confidentiality of data.
Data Subject’s rights
The Data Subject has the following rights:
Right to information – meaning you have to right to know whether your Personal Data is being processed; what data is gathered, from where it is obtained and why and by whom it is processed.
Right to access – meaning you have the right to access the data collected from/about you. This includes your right to request and obtain a copy of your Personal Data gathered.
Right to rectification – meaning you have the right to request rectification or erasure of your Personal Data that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to erasure – meaning in certain circumstances you can request for your Personal Data to be erased from our records.
Right to restrict processing – meaning where certain conditions apply, you have the right to restrict the Processing of your Personal Data.
Right to object to processing – meaning in certain cases you have the right to object to Processing of your Personal Data, for example in the case of direct marketing.
Right to object to automated Processing – meaning you have the right to object to automated Processing, including profiling; and not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated Processing. This right you can exercise whenever there is an outcome of the profiling that produces legal effects concerning or significantly affecting you.
Right to data portability – you have the right to obtain your Personal Data in a machine-readable format or if it is feasible, as a direct transfer from one Processor to another.
Right to lodge a complaint – in the event that we refuse your request under the Rights of Access, we will provide you with a reason as to why. If you are not satisfied with the way your request has been handled please contact us.
Right to withdraw consent – you have the right withdraw any given consent for Processing of your Personal Data.
Data we gather
Information you have provided us with
This might be your e-mail address, name, billing address, home address, etc – mainly information that is necessary for delivering you a product/service or to enhance your customer experience with us. We save the information you provide us with in order for you to comment or perform other activities on the website. This information includes, for example, your name and e-mail address.
Information automatically collected about you
This includes information that is automatically stored by cookies and other session tools. For example, your posting information, your IP address, your visiting history (if there is any) for the security of the website, etc. This information is used to improve your customer experience. When you use our services or look at the contents of our website, your activities may be logged.
Publicly available information
We might gather information about you that is publicly available.
How we use your Personal Data
We use your Personal Data in order to:
provide our service to you. This includes for example registering your account;
providing you with other products and services that you may have requested;
providing you with promotional items at your request and communicating with you in relation to those products and services; communicating and interacting with you; and notifying you of changes to any services.
enhance your customer experience;
fulfill an obligation under law or contract;
We use your Personal Data on legitimate grounds and/or with your Consent.
On the grounds of entering into a contract or fulfilling contractual obligations, we Process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to identify you;
to provide you a service or to send/offer you a product;
to communicate either for membership or invoicing;
On the ground of legitimate interest, we Process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to send you personalized offers* (from us and/or our carefully selected partners);
to administer and analyze our client base (membership behavior and history) in order to improve the quality, variety, and availability of products/ services offered/provided;
to conduct questionnaires concerning member satisfaction
As long as you have not informed us otherwise, we consider offering you information/services that are similar or same to your viewing history/browsing behavior to be our legitimate interest.
With your consent we Process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to send you newsletters, membership meetings and membership offers (from us and/or our carefully selected partners);
for other purposes we have asked your consent for;
We Process your Personal Data in order to fulfill obligation rising from law and/or use your Personal Data for options provided by law. We reserve the right to anonymize Personal Data gathered and to use any such data. We will use data outside the scope of this Policy only when it is anonymized. We save your billing information and other information gathered about you for as long as needed for accounting purposes or other obligations deriving from law, but not longer than 3 years
We might process your Personal Data for additional purposes that are not mentioned here, but are compatible with the original purpose for which the data was gathered. To do this, we will ensure that:
the link between purposes, context and nature of Personal Data is suitable for further Processing;
the further Processing would not harm your interests and
there would be appropriate safeguard for Processing.
We will inform you of any further Processing and purposes.
Who else can access your Personal Data
We do not share your Personal Data with strangers. Personal Data about you is in some cases provided to our trusted partners in order to either make providing the service to you possible or to enhance your customer experience. We share your data with:
Our processing partners: NONE
Our business partners: NONE
Connected third parties: NONE
We only work with Processing partners who are able to ensure adequate level of protection to your Personal Data. We disclose your Personal Data to third parties or public officials when we are legally obliged to do so. We might disclose your Personal Data to third parties if you have consented to it or if there are other legal grounds for it.
How we secure your data
We do our best to keep your Personal Data safe. We use safe protocols for communication and transferring data (such as HTTPS). We use anonymizing and pseudonymising where suitable. We monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. We have WordFence plugin tools installed and maintained on our site to further help protect against intrusions. Keep in mind that since there are always new entry points intruders discover, full 100% forever protection is not guaranteed.
Even though we try our best we can not guarantee the security of information. However, we promise to notify suitable authorities of data breaches. We will also notify you if there is a threat to your rights or interests. We will do everything we reasonably can to prevent security breaches and to assist authorities should any breaches occur.
If you have an account with us, note that you have to keep your username and password secret.
Children
We do not intend to collect or knowingly collect information from children. We do not target children with our services.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it:
Discussion / Comments
When members leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
A cookie is a tiny text file stored on your computer. Cookies store information that is used to help make sites work. Only we can access the cookies created by our website. You can control your cookies at the browser level. Choosing to disable cookies may hinder your use of certain functions.
We use cookies and/or similar technologies to analyze customer behavior, administer the website, track users’ movements, and to collect information about users. This is done in order to personalize and enhance your experience with us.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
You can remove cookies stored in your computer via your browser settings. Alternatively, you can control some 3rd party cookies by using a privacy enhancement platform such as optout.aboutads.info or youronlinechoices.com. For more information about cookies, visit allaboutcookies.org.
We use Google Analytics to measure traffic on our website. Google has their own Privacy Policy which you can review here. If you’d like to opt out of tracking by Google Analytics, visit the Google Analytics opt-out page.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
At this time, Cable Marine does not share any information with advertisers, merchants, or any other third party marketing firms. We do share information among our members only.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see their personal information at any time and can request edits (except they cannot change their username) or an account deletion. Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service. Cable Marine does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. Also, Cable Marine may provide aggregate statistics about our visitors or members, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, like Google, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information. Cable Marine may release account information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or (iii) protect the rights, property or safety of Cable Marine, our users, or others.
Contact Information
Cable Marine Contact Us
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make change to this Privacy Policy.
Last modification was made 02/28/2019.
facebooktwitter