https://cabotwealth.com/account/privacy-policy-terms-use/
Home
Daily
Free Services
Reports
Webinars
Videos
Daily
Premium Services
Prime Pro Membership
Prime Membership
Cabot Retirement Club
Advisories
Cabot Dividend Investor
Cabot Early Opportunities
Cabot Global Stocks Explorer
Cabot Growth Investor
Cabot Income Advisor
Cabot Marijuana Investor
Cabot Micro-Cap Insider
Cabot Options Trader
Cabot Options Trader Pro
Cabot Profit Booster
Cabot Small-Cap Confidential
Cabot Stock of the Week
Cabot Top Ten Trader
Cabot Turnaround Letter
Cabot Undervalued Stocks Advisor
Wall Street’s Best Investments
View All
Summit
My Services
Daily Archive
Browse Topics
How To Invest
Value Investing
Growth Stocks
Stock Market
Dividend Stocks
Options Trading
Emerging Markets
Small-Cap Stocks
Income Investing
ETFs
View All Topics
Stock Picks
Keyword Index
Analyst Index
Manage Account
About
About Us
Learn
Glossary
Chart School
Stock Market Timing Indicators
Manage Your Own Money
Webinars
Buttons
Contact Us
Privacy Policy, Terms of Use & Premium Service Terms & Conditions
RSS Feed
All Investing Lessons
Start Investing
Investing FAQs
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Below you will find the privacy policy and terms of use for Cabot Heritage Corporation, doing business as Cabot Wealth Network, an investment advisory services publisher based in the United States, primarily serving residents of the United States.  Keep scrolling – they’re long.  Sorry about that but we have to make sure we cover everything.
Privacy (& Cookie) Policy
This is the Privacy and Cookie Policy for Cabot Wealth Network (“we”,”us” and “our site”).  Cabot Wealth Network publishes investment advisory Services and reports to help investors grow and protect their wealth.  Our primary audience is residents of the United States but we do permit residents of other countries to read our materials and purchase our publications and advisory services.
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.  This Policy and any other documents referred to in it explain:
Information we collect about you
Legal bases for processing your information
How we use your information
Our promotional updates and communications
How long we keep your information
Cookies and other technologies
Information sharing and disclosure
Security
Changing your information or closing your account
Child safety
European Union residents
Changes to this privacy and cookie policy
Your right to withdraw consent
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By using our website you acknowledge you have read and understand this privacy policy.
In Summary: This Privacy Statement applies to the operations of the Cabot Wealth Network which serves users in the United States of America, and by using the sites and providing us with personal data you are consenting to our processing data in the United States and under its laws. Data handling practices and rules may differ from country to country.  If you are a resident of the European Union and wish to use our site, you can find information on our data policies below.
While we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. What does all of this mean? Just as in the investing world, you must protect yourself. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password and account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online, especially when using a computer that other people can use also.
If you follow links from our site to others, you should be aware that you are doing business with those other sites, which have their own privacy and data collection practices. We are not responsible or liable for these independent policies (and we may not even know what they are). For more information regarding a site and its privacy policies, check that site.
Information We Collect About You
We will collect and process the following personal data from you:
1.1 Information you give us
This is information about you that you give us directly when you interact with us.
Signing Up for Content Delivered via Email: When you sign up for a report or other content delivered by email, we will ask for your email address. We may also ask for your name as well as capture your IP address.
Subscribing to an Advisory Service: When subscribing to any of our newsletter or portfolio services, or purchasing a special report, we need to know the sort of information typically used for credit card transactions, such as your name, address, telephone number, and credit card number and expiration date.
Other Services: We may also ask for additional information when providing other services. If you don’t want to give us the information requested, you certainly don’t have to, but you will not be able to take advantage of such offerings. For example, if we provide a text alert feature, we wouldn’t be able to send you any alerts unless you provide us with your mobile phone number. And you may not be able to gain access to certain areas of our site unless you register and/or subscribe. On occasion, we may also ask you for other personal information in connection with surveys, contests or other promotional offers running on our site, but again, your participation in these features is purely voluntary.
1.2 Information we collect about you from your use of our site
While you are on our site, we automatically log certain information about how you’re using our site. This information may include the URL (web page) that you just came from, your IP address (or a partially anonymized IP address) and the pages you visit while on our site.
We may place a pixel on pages on our site to enable us to record in our server logs that a specific user id has visited a particular page. This data allows us to analyze and determine our audience’s behavioral characteristics, which helps us to optimize our site, advertisement placement, and marketing focus.
1.3 Information we receive from other sources
We have engaged third-party companies to process information about our users on our behalf, to help us improve our sites and find new members. These companies will combine our data about how you visit our websites with information they have collected from outside our site and use that to show you content or advertisements on our site or others that are aligned with what we think you like based on what you have looked at on our site and what emails you open and click on.
Please note: we never receive information about any other sites that you visit.
So we provide you with advertising based on your behavior when interacting with us.  To learn more about this behavioral advertising, including information on how to opt-out, please
(a) visit the DAA opt-out program, the Evidon opt-out program, and the Google Analytics opt-out program to learn how to opt out of having your information collected in browsers for ad serving purposes;
(b) download the Evidon Ad Control application, available for iOS and Android, to learn how to opt out of having your information collected in mobile apps; and
(c) visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt out page.
Legal Bases for Processing Your Information
2.1 Consent
We can collect and process your data with your consent.
For example, if you have given your consent to receiving marketing material from us at the point we collected your information.
2.2 Contractual obligations
We need your personal data to comply with our contractual obligations.
For example, where you have provided us with your email address to receive our services, we will use this information in order to effectively deliver and communicate our services.
2.3 Legal compliance
If the law requires us to, we may need to collect and process your data.
For example, we can pass on details of people involved in fraud or other criminal activity affecting us to applicable law enforcement.
2.4 Legitimate interest
We may require your data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and which does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests.
For example, it is in our legitimate interests to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer and we provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us.
How We Use Your Information
We will use this information in our legitimate interests, where we have considered these are not overridden by your rights:
To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
To keep our site safe and secure.
For measuring or understanding the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
To keep you informed about products and services similar to the ones you subscribe to.
To improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
Internal research: Cookies (which are discussed further below) and the other information we automatically track are used to help us better understand how our audience uses our site as well as for internal research on users’ demographics and interests.
Our Promotional Updates and Communications
Where permitted by one of the legal bases above, we will use your personal information for marketing analysis and to provide you with promotional update communications by email about our products/services and those of our business partners.
You can object to further marketing at any time by: (i) checking and updating your contact details and preferences within your account page; (ii) selecting the “unsubscribe” link at the end of all our marketing and promotional update email communications to you; or (iii) sending us an email to DataProtection@CabotWealth.com.
Please note: If you purchase products or services from us, or if you register for an account with us, we may contact you to confirm your purchase, subscription, or registration, or to provide you with information about its terms or features. You may wish to keep these transactional or relationship emails, to help you use our products and services.
How Long We Keep Your Information
We retain personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill any legal obligations we may have as well as for purposes of processing your information (for example, if you continue to subscribe to one of our services, we will need your information to deliver the service to you).  We may also retain aggregate information beyond this time for research purposes and to help us develop and improve our services. You cannot be identified from aggregate information retained or used for these purposes.
Cookies and Other Technologies
Cookies are small files placed on your computer by a web page when you visit it that contain bits of data that websites such as ours place on your computer’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can make the web more useful by collecting and storing information about your preferences on a particular site and help websites operate more efficiently (display more relevant content, load pages faster, etc.). Cookies and similar technologies enable you to be remembered when using that computer or device to interact with websites and online services and can be used to manage a range of features and content as well as storing searches and presenting personalized content.
We use our cookies:
With the aim of optimizing our website and improving member experience. Cookies help us estimate our audience size, determine usage patterns and help us better target content and ads based on your interests.
We also use cookies so you can, for example, access any premium content that you have subscribed to.
You have the option of not accepting the cookies we set. However, if you reject our cookies, you will not be able to take advantage of most of the features on our site, including subscription-based services.
Use of cookies
We use cookies for multiple purposes on our site, including to optimize site experience and to advertise products.  Cabot Wealth Daily web site uses cookies to compile statistics on the use of the various pages on our site (how many people visit each page and that sort of thing) including Google Ads conversion tracking and remarketing (showing you ads that match your interests).
If you want to opt out of allowing Google Analytics to use your anonymous data, you can download Google’s web browser add-on for this purpose here.
If you follow links from our site to any other site, you should be aware that these other sites have their own privacy and data-processing practices. We have no responsibility or liability for these independent policies. For more information regarding a site and its privacy policies including its use of cookies, check that site.
Cookie Removal and More Information
You can always modify your browser so as not to accept cookies or to notify you when cookies are sent to it. For more information about cookies including removing any or all of your cookies, please visit allaboutcookies.org.
Also, if you would like to remove the Google Analytics cookie, please go to tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. You should be aware that this will affect your Google cookies on all sites, and not just ours.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We do not give, rent, lend or sell individual information to any third party. Furthermore, we will not disclose any information about individual users, except as described below.
With your consent: This is important, so it bears repeating: If you purchase products or services from us, or if you register for an account with us, we may contact you to confirm your purchase, subscription, or registration, or to provide you with information about its terms or features. You may wish to keep these transactional or relationship emails, to help you use our products and services.
Third Party Service Providers:We may employ the services of third party providers to aid us in certain aspects of our operations (such as the distribution of our email products or conducting a survey for us). Depending on the services performed, some of these providers may be provided with user information. These contractors would be subject to confidentiality agreements which limit their use and disclosure of all information they obtain through their relationship with us to Cabot-related business only, consistent with this policy.
Legal Requests:We may disclose your personally identifiable information to protect our rights and property as well as to comply with any applicable law or valid legal process. This includes, but is not limited to:
Requests by Government Agencies. We will disclose any information we have in our possession to law enforcement or government officials in response to any inquiry or investigation or if in our sole discretion, we believe it is necessary or appropriate in connection with any investigation or activity that is or may be illegal or may expose us or you to legal liability.
Disclosures we are legally required or entitled to make under any enactment, rule of law or by the order of a court.
Security
We are committed to protecting your personal information. All information that you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Access to paid-for areas of the site, such as our newsletter services is password-protected for your privacy and security. While we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
What does all this mean? Just as in the investing world, you must protect yourself. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and account information. If you need to change your password, please follow the steps outlined below.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to external sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
Changing Your Information or Closing Your Account
If you want to change your email address for delivery of your paid-for premium advisory services (e.g. Cabot Growth Investor, Cabot Stock of the Week, Cabot Prime, etc.), or you would like to change your password, you should go to your account page.
If you would rather not hear from us by email please click the unsubscribe link, which you will find at the bottom of our email messages. If you are paying for one of our premium advisory services, please note that clicking on this link will not cancel your paid subscription, but is likely to affect deliverability of your newsletter messages, announcements or other product-related communications.
If you want to close your account – i.e., so that it cannot be logged into –   please contact us at Support@CabotWealth.com.
Child Safety
The site is intended for use only by persons who are at least 18 years of age. By using this site, you confirm to us that you meet this requirement. If you are aged 18 or under, please get your parent/guardian’s permission beforehand whenever you provide personal information to our website. Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information.
If you are under the age of 18 your parent or guardian must consent on your behalf where we ask for consent in relation to the use of your information.
This website specifically denies access to any individual that is covered by the Child Online Privacy Act (COPA) of 1998.
European Users
For the purposes of European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the data controller is: Cabot Heritage Corporation, 176 North Street, Salem, MA 01970 USA (DataProtection@CabotWealth.com).
11.1 Use of cookies
Below you’ll find the types of cookies that we set when you visit CabotWealth.com and their purpose. To help you better understand why we’re setting them, we’ve used the categories and definitions set by the International Chamber of Commerce (“ICC”):
Strictly Necessary: cookies that enable the services that you have specifically asked or paid for;
Performance: cookies that collect information on how visitors use our site including the pages visited and most frequented as well as the sources of our traffic. They are used to help us improve how the site works;
Functionality: cookies that help us remember the choices you have made so we can provide you with a more personalized experience; and
Advertising: cookies used to deliver more relevant ads, and to make sure you don’t see the same messages over and over again.
If you have any questions about the cookies we set, please contact our Data Protection Officer at DataProtection@CabotWealth.com.
11.2 Data storage
The data that we collect from you is transferred to, and may be stored at, a destination outside the European Union that is not subject to equivalent data protection law. For our purposes, the information we collect is processed and stored in the US.
We may transfer your personal information outside the EU:
In order to store it.
In order to enable us to provide goods or services to you and fulfill our contract with you. This includes order fulfillment, processing of payment details, and the provision of support services.
Where we are legally required to do so.
In order to facilitate the operation of our group of businesses, where it is in our legitimate interests and we have concluded these are not overridden by your rights.
Where your information is transferred outside the EU, we will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure your data is subject to appropriate safeguards, such as relying on a recognized legal adequacy mechanism, and that it is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
11.3 European site users have certain rights under certain circumstances
to be provided with a copy of your personal data held by us;
to request the rectification or erasure of your personal data held by us;
to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (while we verify or investigate your concerns with this information, for example);
to object to the further processing of your personal data, including the right to object to marketing (as mentioned in ‘our promotional updates and communications’ section);
to request that your provided personal data be moved to a third party.
Changes to this Privacy and Cookie Policy
We may amend this Privacy and Cookie Statement from time to time. If we make any substantive changes to this policy, we’ll announce it on our site and notify you by email.
Your Right to Withdraw Consent
Where the processing of your personal information by us is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent without detriment at any time by contacting us at Support@CabotWealth.com.  You can also change your marketing preferences at any time as described in ‘our promotional updates and communications’ section.
You can also exercise the rights listed above at any time by contacting us at DataProtection@CabotWealth.com.
If your request or concern is not satisfactorily resolved by us, you may approach your local data protection authority.
Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy and cookie policy are welcomed and should be addressed to:
Data Protection Officer
Cabot Wealth Network
176 North Street
Salem, MA 01970
DataProtection@CabotWealth.com
Last Updated: May 28, 2018
Terms of Use
By using the Services, you’re agreeing to be bound by these Terms and Conditions (“Terms and Conditions” or “Terms”) INCLUDING THE BINDING ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER DETAILED IN SECTION 10. These Terms govern your use and access to the website and all our Services. We may change these terms at any time, but we will post a notice on this website of any material changes. Your continued use of Cabot Wealth Network and its Services means that you accept any new or modified terms and conditions. So please check back here from time to time.
Some Services are works in progress. We reserve the right to change or even eliminate them with no notice, at our sole discretion.
1. Registration
Except as expressly provided in these Terms and Conditions, members may only maintain one active registration with Cabot Wealth Network. In other words, it’s one registration per person. Any use of multiple accounts or aliases on our Services, including attempts to mislead, defraud, confuse, or otherwise trick us or our members, is a breach of these Terms and Conditions.
If you subscribe to one of our premium advisory Services you will be asked to create a password, which you’ll need to access the Service. As a registered user, you can update your account settings, including your email address, by going to your account page.  There, you can also change your password at any time and your user name.
2. Premium Advisory Services
When subscribing to a premium advisory Service you will need to provide us with your name, email address, and address, as well as your credit card information. You agree to pay the applicable subscription fee as set forth on this site. Sales taxes may be charged in addition to the subscription fee.  BY PLACING YOUR ORDER, YOU PROVIDE YOUR ELECTRONIC AUTHORIZATION FOR FUTURE CHARGES AGAINST YOUR CREDIT CARD ON FILE UNLESS YOU CANCEL.
You certify that all information you provide is accurate. You also agree to maintain and update your information as necessary so that it remains accurate and current. In the event that any information you provide is inaccurate or not up to date, we reserve the right to cancel your subscription.
We reserve the right to refuse or discontinue the supply of a Service to any user at any time at our sole discretion.
Unless stated otherwise, membership to any Service is for online and/or electronic access only. Certain promotions may offer features that are issued in physical form. Shipping of any goods or service associated with these promotions is limited to the U.S./APO. Physical fulfillment of goods or services not specifically mentioned in a promotion is at our sole discretion.
Our Services generally deliver their content via email and our website. There is no opt-out choice available for these emails (unless you cancel your subscription). Of course, you can always opt out of our marketing emails on your preferences page.
Subscription Terms
When subscribing to one of our newsletters (hereafter referred to as the “Service”) you will need to provide us with your name, email address, billing address and credit card information, as well as your shipping address if applicable.
You certify that all information you provide is accurate. You also agree to maintain and update your information as necessary so that it remains accurate and current. In the event that any information you provide is inaccurate or not up-to-date, Cabot Wealth Network reserves the right to cancel your subscription.
Your Service includes emails from your analyst(s), which include trades or recommendations, recent actionable investing guidance, special alerts, and other important stock news. To manage your mailing preferences, please visit your account page or contact customer service.
Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Our expert analysts have excellent track records and stand behind their recommendations but there is always some risk inherent in investing.
Unless you have entered into an express written contract with Cabot to the contrary, subscribers have no right to use this copyrighted information in a commercial or public setting; you have no right to broadcast it, copy it, save it, print it, sell it, or publish any portions of the content of your subscription. By subscribing, you agree this condition and you acknowledge that any unauthorized use is unlawful and may subject you to civil or criminal penalties.
Trial Terms, Automatic Billing and Cancellation Policy
Some Services may provide a free trial or introductory offer. If such an offer is provided, only one per person or household is allowed at any given point in time. In addition, there is a limit of one trial per person and household in any given six-month period unless otherwise stated in the offer.
Your membership will automatically renew at the then-current rate, until you notify us of your decision to terminate your membership. Most subscriptions will renew for one-year terms, unless you initially signed up for a monthly billing offer. If you would like to turn off automatic renewal, or extend your subscription for additional years, please contact Member Support. BY ALLOWING FOR YOUR RENEWAL, YOU PROVIDE YOUR ELECTRONIC AUTHORIZATION FOR FUTURE CHARGES AGAINST YOUR CREDIT CARD ON FILE. Accordingly, you agree that your membership fee or subscription will be billed automatically at the beginning of each renewal period at the then-current rate (plus sales tax, if applicable) to the credit card you used in your most recent transaction with us. If you provided more than one card, the first card on file will be used.
We reserve the right to increase a Service’s fees or institute new charges upon reasonable notice. Service fees are due in advance.
Refunds
Different Services (and sometimes specific offers) have different refund policies (including some that offer no refunds).  Please review the specific terms of your offer before signing up as you are agreeing to be bound those terms.  If you are unsure of your cancellation rights, please contact Member Support.
Please note that most refunds are only available to first-time subscribers.  If you subscribe to a Service that allows for refunds beyond 30 days, and cancel (and receive a refund) and then subscribe again, you will not receive a refund after the first 30 days.
Transfer; Discontinuing a Service
You cannot transfer your subscription to someone else, except through bequeathment or by a court order. In the event a subscription is transferred, it will continue through the end of its term and can be renewed at the then-current price and conditions. For assistance in this situation, please contact Member Services.
In the event that we discontinue a Service, you agree we may transfer your subscription to another Service of equal or greater value.
3. Additional and Third-Party Terms of Use
Please note that certain individual Services or products may have their own, or additional, terms and conditions. In the event of a conflict, the terms for the individual Service will control with respect to the Service in question. So please be sure to review any additional terms and conditions with respect to any specific Service before subscribing.
Your Email and Website Behavior Data
The other types of data that we collect about you have to do with how you interact with us and our information. We keep track of what emails you open and what you click on in our emails and on our website. We use that data to provide you with information and offers we believe will be of greatest interest to you, based on your behavior.
That means we may send you different information, different ads, and different special offers by email in the future based on what emails and web pages you have looked at and clicked on in the past.  It also means we may show you different elements on a web page, including different information, different ads, and different special offers, based on what you have done in the past.
Finally, we use this data for remarketing to you. What’s that? The best way to explain that is with an example that may be familiar to you:
You go to a retail website looking at new suitcases. You don’t buy one then, but when you go to other websites you notice there are ads for suitcases. That’s remarketing. Based on your behavior on their website, that retailer is thinking you are interested in purchasing a suitcase and wants you to see ads for their suitcases while your interest is still high as you are online.
There are many companies that provide remarketing services including Google (not surprisingly they’re the biggest one) and others.  If and when we do use remarketing services, we do not actually know what other websites you are visiting. The way it works is that you visit and then leave our website, our computer tell the remarketing service, essentially, “follow that person, and when they visit other websites with advertising, show them ads for our products.”
This can be a little jarring for some people but it is really a very old concept:
Long ago, companies learned that people who read the travel section of a newspaper were more likely to be travelers so airlines would advertise in the travel section to better reach the people who were interested in their services. The airlines didn’t actually know who was reading the travel section. They just knew that whoever was reading that section was more likely to buy a ticket to fly somewhere and they wanted them to buy from them.
For the traveler who was interested in booking a flight, the advertisements were relevant, timely, and accessible and yet still private since the airlines didn’t know who they were, where they were thinking of going, or anything else about them.  That’s all true for how and why we use a remarketing service.
5. Intellectual Property
All of the Content on our websites and any Service we provide is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws and is the property of Cabot Heritage Corporation and/or providers of the content under license. By “Content” we mean any information, mode of expression, or other materials and services found on www.CabotWealth.com.
You may make one copy of the Content for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that any material copied remains intact and includes the following notice: “Copyright by Cabot Wealth Network. All rights reserved.” Any other copying, distribution, storing, or transmission of any kind, or any commercial use of our Content, is prohibited without prior written permission. That means you may not sell, auction, transfer or barter your subscription or any individual publication.
You also may not republish, post, transmit, or distribute the Content to online bulletin and message boards, blogs, chat rooms, intranets, or anywhere else without our consent. You further agree not to create abstracts from or scrape our Content for use on another website or service. In short, you may not post our Content anywhere else online. Aside from opening yourself up to liability, distributing our premium Services, stock picks, and performance data to other sites and forums is unfair to our members who pay good money to receive our Content. So please don’t do it.
You agree not to display any of Cabot Wealth Network trademarks or use them in any manner without our express written permission.
6. No Personalized Advice
We want to help you make money. However, we are not in the business of rendering personalized investment advice. We can’t know all the relevant facts about you and your individual needs, and we cannot claim or represent that any particular Services are suitable for you. Accordingly, you agree that any recommendation or action taken by a Service does not constitute a recommendation that a particular security, strategy, or action is suitable for you. If you want personal advice, then you should seek a registered investment advisor.
7. You Bear Responsibility for Your Financial and Investment Decisions
One of our principal tenets is that the best person to handle your finances is you. By your use of our Services, you’re agreeing that you bear responsibility for your own investment research and investment decisions. You also agree that Cabot Wealth Network, its directors, its employees, and its agents will not be liable for any investment decision made or action taken by you and others based on news, information, opinion, or any other material published through our Services.
8. Disclaimer of Warranties and Liabilities
We do not warrant the completeness or accuracy of the Content found in our Services or its usefulness for any particular purpose. And we make no promises that our content or any of the Services will be delivered to you on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis. In fact, we’re not making any promises or warranties except that we’ll do our best to provide interesting and helpful information, education, and entertainment.
You agree that under no circumstances will Cabot Wealth Network, its employees, or its agents be liable for direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive, or any other type of damages resulting from your use, purchase, or downloading of any material on our Websites, or arising from or related to these Terms or the Privacy Policy, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. This includes, but is no way limited to, loss or injury caused in whole or in part by our negligence or by stuff beyond our control in creating or delivering any of our Services. This disclaimer of liability does not apply where prohibited.
For some of our services we rely on various sources of information that we believe to be accurate and reliable. We cannot take responsibility for, or make any claims or representations about, the accuracy, completeness, or even the truth of every bit of data, information, and opinion provided through our Services.
Obligatory Capitalized Disclaimers of Liability:
EXCEPT WHERE OTHERWISE INAPPLICABLE OR PROHIBITED BY LAW, THE WEBSITE AND PRODUCTS AND SERVICES CONTAINED AND OFFERED ON THE WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND ON AN “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. CABOT WEALTH NETWORK DOES NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTY THAT THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL THAT YOU PURCHASE OR OBTAIN FROM THE USE OF OUR SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS OR THAT AND ANY ERRORS WILL BE IMMEDIATELY CORRECTED. NEITHER WE NOR ANY OF OUR PARTNERS MAKES ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO OUR WEBSITES, ANY CONTENT, OR ANY OF OUR SERVICES, TOOLS, PRODUCTS, OR PROPERTIES. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOU WILL ASSUME THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND THE PERFORMANCE OF OUR SERVICES AND THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THEIR CONTENT.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH STATES, OUR LIABILITY AND THAT OF OUR THIRD-PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS WILL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES DOES NOT APPLY WHERE PROHIBITED.
9. Communication
Federal or state law may require that we notify you of certain events. You hereby acknowledge and consent that such notices will be effective upon our posting them on our websites or sending them to you via email (another reason to please keep your account settings current). If you do not provide us with accurate information, we cannot be held liable if we fail to notify you.
10. Dispute Resolution by Binding Arbitration and Class Action Waiver
If a dispute arises in connection with your use of our Services or in relation to any of these Terms (collectively, “Disputes”) our hope is that we can resolve the matter informally. Accordingly, in the event of a Dispute, we agree to first contact each other via email with a description of the Dispute and any proposed resolution. You will email Support@CabotWealth.com with your concern and we will contact you via the email address we have on file for you.
If a Dispute cannot be resolved informally, we each agree that except as provided below, the Dispute will be submitted to final and binding arbitration before a panel of three arbitrators of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) in a location convenient to you provided it is in the continental United States. Either party may commence the arbitration process by submitting a written demand for arbitration with the AAA, and providing a copy to the other party. The arbitration will be conducted in accordance with the provisions of the AAA’s Commercial Dispute Resolutions Procedures, Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes, in effect at the time of submission of the demand for arbitration. We will pay all of the filing costs, including arbitrator fees. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. You expressly agree to refrain from bringing or joining any claims in any representative or class-wide capacity, including but not limited to bringing or joining any claims in any class action or any class-wide arbitration.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO HAVE A JUDGE OR JURY DECIDE YOUR CASE AND TO BE PARTY TO A CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO HAVE ANY CLAIMS DECIDED INDIVIDUALLY AND ONLY THROUGH ARBITRATION.
OPTING OUT
You will have thirty (30) days from the date you submit your personally identifiable information to opt out of this arbitration agreement. To opt out of arbitration, you must contact us at Cabot Wealth Network, attention: Legal Department, 176 North Street, Salem, MA 01970 USA. If more than thirty (30) days have passed, you are not eligible to opt out of arbitration.
11. Your Agreement to These Terms
You acknowledge and agree that by agreeing to these Terms electronically you are expressly agreeing to the terms set forth herein. You acknowledge that your electronic submission constitutes your agreement and intent to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.
12. Miscellaneous
If any provision in these Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid, unenforceable, or nonsensical, the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect. This agreement is and always will be governed by the laws of the United States of America and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (except with respect to choice of law). You agree that the proper forum for any claim arising thereunder will be the state court of Massachusetts.
Our Services are directed at a U.S. audience. We cannot warrant that the Services are appropriate for users outside the United States or that use of the Services are permitted under the laws of other jurisdictions. All personal data is maintained in the United States under the terms of our Privacy Policy, which is also incorporated by reference.
Except as otherwise expressly stated in these Terms and Conditions, there are no third-party beneficiaries to this agreement.
These Terms and Conditions, including those that are incorporated by reference, constitute the entire and only agreement between you and Cabot Wealth Network and govern your use of our sites.
Please read carefully
Users of this Cabot Wealth Network investment advisory services (the Services) agree to be bound by the following:
No Individual Advice: Cabot Wealth Network (Cabot) makes investing recommendations to all members but neither Cabot nor its employees provides individual investment advice.
Strict Confidentiality: The Service is for private use with individual, personal accounts only.  Sharing recommendations with other investors dilutes the profit potential for everyone.  By subscribing to the Service, members agree to keep all recommendations strictly confidential.  Members violating this policy will be removed from the group and forfeit their membership dues.
Personal Use Only:  Brokers, Registered Investment Advisors (RIAs) and other professionals in the business of providing investment advice to others may join provided that the information and recommendations provided will be used for their individual personal trading accounts only.  Please contact the publisher for information and pricing for licenses for other uses.
User Assumes Risk: User acknowledges that investing is inherently risky and there is no guarantee of positive returns.  Recommendations, opinions or suggestions are provided with the understanding that subscribers acting on such information do so at their discretion and at their sole risks.
Terms of this membership agreement are subject to change.
Last Updated: Sept. 16, 2020
Enter Your Log In Credentials
Email
Password
Remember Me
Lost your password? Create New Password
No account? Sign up