https://cakebon.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyPrivacy statementAt Cakebon, your privacy is our priority. We are committed to protect your privacy at all times, in all situations. The information we collect about you when you become a Client or purchase our products is used to process your orders and to provide a more user friendly experience on our site. Our site uses Purchase order system which is encrypted with SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) to increase the security of our customer’s information. Cakebon does not guarantee complete security on stored information, but we have installed and applied our encrypted pages and installed our SSL certificate to prevent stolen information.How Do We Use the Information We Collect?When you become a cakebon.com Client, we ask you to fill out a form that requests your name, address and e-mail address as well as some information about the nature of your business. cakebon.com will NOT share your data with any 3rd party. Your name and address information is used solely to process orders unless your prior consent is given. Without your consent, this information will NEVER be sold, given, rented or traded to others for purposes other than order fulfillment.Your demographic information (gender, date of birth, etc.) will be used for several security purposes, to ensure you are who you say you are and in fact you are paying with your credit cards and not someone using stolen credit cards.Our Use of Log FilesWhen you visit our site we automatically log your IP address, your browser type and your access times, we utilize this information to conduct site performance evaluations, to see where visitors are coming from and to keep track of click stream data (the screens our users visit on our site). This data helps us to determine what content our Clients find most appealing so that we can maximize your enjoyment of the site. Log files are not tied to personally identifiable information.Site SecurityAll cakebon.com employees take your company information very seriously. All employees must learn and obey our security policies. Access to Client company information is limited to key management personnel and our Client services department. The information is ID and password protected and our Web security is reviewed on a monthly basis. We have also installed and implied our site with a 128 bit encryption SSL.Correcting/Updating Your Company informationAfter becoming a cakebon.com Client, you may correct/update your company information by clicking on the ‘Client’ link at the top of any page, entering your e-mail address and password when prompted and clicking the Edit Information button. The changes you make will be reflected in our databases instantly. If you wish to deactivate your account, you may contact us through the ‘Enquiry’ section.Links To Other SitesThis Web site may contain links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you may be leaving the cakebon.com site and entering another Web site. These sites may independently collect or request information about you and we encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.CommunicationFrom time to time we may send out email messages alerting you that products are available, to ask you for your kind feedback or for promotional offers. In addition, you will receive communication from us 1) if you contact us for a particular reason, 2) to receive your orders, or 3) we need to contact you for administrative purposes. Administrative e-mails will not contain promotional materials. If you choose to receive our Newsletters, they will contain promotional materials from cakebon.com.Legal DisclaimerThough we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose company information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.Our Use of CookiesCookies is a piece of information that your browser stores on your computer hard drive which identify you when you enter. The ability to select samples on our site is not cookie-driven. We may use session cookies to provide a seamless experience on the site and to combine with our log files so that we can understand our site traffic and analyze our demographic information in aggregate form. If you have set your browser to reject cookies, our site will not identify you when you enter and you will need to manually type in your registered e-mail and password.Your Feedback is Always WelcomeWe welcome your comments and questions about our privacy policy – or anything else you might want to talk about. Please contact us via email at inquiry@cakebon.comPrivacy Policy updated May 2020
This site uses cookies: Find out more.Okay, thanks