http://cal-gas.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
MESA International Technologies, Inc. has a website, mesagas.com and one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. In our Privacy Policy, we seek to explain what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue visiting our website. If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at mail@mesagas.com.
Information We Collect
When you visit our site, you trust us with your personal information and we take your privacy seriously. We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when registering to purchase our products or asking us to contact you. Some information such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics are collected automatically. MESA follows standard procedures of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this as a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Privacy Policies
We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations. We do not use third-party ad servers or ad networks that use technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons. Note that mesagas.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
Transaction History
MESA, through our third party payment provider, uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol to ensure transaction security. Your payment and personal information is always safe. The SSL software used by TouchNet is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in mesagas.com. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions. If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at mail@mesagas.com.
Quality
It is the guiding principle of MESA Specialty Gas and equipment to offer only the highest quality calibration gas products to our customers.
Service
We recognize that only excellent customer service will allow our growth in this highly competitive calibration gas industry.
Support
MESA Specialty Gas offers technical support through top experts in the field. Let us know how we can assist you.
Close
×
OK