https://californiaconsumerprivacy-act.com?v=act
California Consumer Privacy Act
×Close
Notice
Convergent Outsourcing, Inc. is a debt collection agency. This is an attempt to collect a debt by a debt collector, and any information obtained will be used for that purpose.
Close
Account Control Technology, Inc. is a debt collection agency. This is an attempt to collect a debt by a debt collector, and any information obtained will be used for that purpose.
Note: To process your request, we will need to verify your identity. Please provide your first name, last name, email, mailing address, and either your account number or the last 4 digits of your social security number. Without this information we will be unable to proceed.
Please fix the following errors:
Request Type
California Privacy Act
Subtype List
Know the categories of personal information we have collected about you
Know the categories of sources from which your personal information was collected
Know the business or commercial purposes for collecting your personal information
Know the categories of third parties with whom we share your personal information
Know the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you
Delete any personal information about you which we have collected
Your contact info
First Name
Last Name
Email
Phone Number
Address 1
Address 2
City
State
Zip
Request Details
Account Number
Last 4 digits of social
By checking the “Accept Terms & Conditions” box below you are asserting that you are the named individual on this account and are authorized to review and discuss the personal information contained in the account. Furthermore, you are expressly authorizing Convergent Outsourcing, Inc.,Convergent Healthcare Recoveries, Inc, Account Control Technology, Inc, and ACTHoldings, Inc representatives to contact you or the responsible party, including but not limited to contact via prerecorded messages, artificial voice messages, text or electronic messages and calls made by an automatic telephone dialing system, at any phone number or any cellular phone, which could result in charges to you, or other wireless device including any cellular phone number you currently have or will have in the future and at any e-mail provided for the purpose of contact in connection with resolution of this account. You agree that both the cell phone number(s) and/or e-mail address you provide belong to you, are secure and cannot be listened to or viewed by unauthorized third parties.
Submit
Notice
×Close
By providing your email you give us permission to send you emails and if your email account is shared with another person(s) or is a work email address you understand and accept the risk that what we email you may be seen by others. We will send a confirmation email to your email address. Please click the link at the bottom of that email to confirm that we have the correct email address for you. If you don’t receive a confirmation email, please check your spam.
I understand