https://calsupply.com/privacy-policy/
0
Privacy Policy
California Supply, Inc., Commitment to Privacy
California Supply Inc. (CSI) Privacy Policy was developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the highest-quality products and services with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our clients and partners. The Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and our products and services. This statement will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customers’ needs.
What Information Do We Collect?
When you visit our website you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and website use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our website.
Personal Information You Choose to Provide
You may need to give personal information and authorization to obtain information.
For example, you may need to provide the following information:
Name
Mailing address
Email address
City
State
Business phone number
Other personal information
Email Information
In addition to providing the foregoing information to our partners, if you choose to correspond further with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
Website Use Information
Similar to other commercial websites, our website utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” (see explanation below, “What Are Cookies?”) and web server logs to collect information about how our website is used. Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our website, and the websites visited just before and just after our website. This information is collected on an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you as an individual.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
We use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service, and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our website, new services, and special offers we think you will find valuable. The lists used to send you product and service offers are developed and managed under our traditional corporate standards designed to safeguard the security and privacy of our customers’ personal information.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are a feature of web browser software that allows web servers to recognize the computer used to access a website. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user’s web browser on the user’s hard drive. Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that website by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user’s transactions on related web pages. This makes it easier for a user to move from web page to web page and to complete commercial transactions over the internet. Cookies should make your online experience easier and more personalized.
How Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies?
We use website browser software tools such as cookies and web server logs to gather information about our website users’ browsing activities in order to constantly improve our website and better serve our customers. This information assists us to design and arrange our website to better meet the needs of our customers and prospective customers.
Cookies help us collect important business and technical statistics. The information in the cookies lets us trace the paths followed by users to our website as they move from one page to another. Web server logs allows us to count how many people visit our website and evaluate our website’s visitor capacity. We do not use these technologies to capture your individual email address or any personally identifying information about you although they do permit us to send focused online banner advertisements or other such responses to you.
Notice of New Services and Changes
Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our website, new services, and special offers we think you will find valuable. As our client, you will be given the opportunity to notify us of your desire not to receive theses offers by clicking on a response box when you receive such an offer or sending us an email.
How Do We Secure Information Transmissions?
Emails that you may send to us may not be secure unless we advise that security measures will be in place prior to your transmitting the information. For that reason, we ask that you do not send confidential information such as Social Security or account numbers to us through an unsecured email.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
Information Security. We utilize encryptions/security software to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information we collect from unauthorized access or disclosure and accidental loss, alteration, or destruction.
Evaluation of Information Protection Practices. Periodically, our operations and business practices are reviewed for compliance with corporate policies and procedures governing the security, confidentiality, and quality of our information.
Employee Access, Training and Expectations. Our corporate values, ethical standards, policies, and practices are committed to the protection of customer information. In general, our business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons, processes, and transactions.
How Can You Access and Correct Your Information?
You may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our database by email.
Do We Disclose Information to Outside Parties?
We may provide aggregate information about our customers, sales, website traffic patterns and related website information to our affiliates or reputable third parties, but this information will not include personally identifying data, except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy.
What About Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information?
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
What About Other Websites Linked to Our Website?
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our website.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our website to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
Your Consent
By using our Website, you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as descried in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our Website to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.