https://campersales.co.za/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Opening Hours: Mon-Fri 07:30 -16:30
&
Sat 08:00-12:00 (Benoni branch only)
|
011-395 1020
|
sales@campersales.co.za
This website www.campersales.co.za may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content.
The following principles underpin our approach to respecting your privacy:
We will provide clear information about how we use your personal information.
We will take all reasonable steps to protect your information.
We will comply with all applicable data protection laws and regulations.
By using our website / products / services, you are consenting to collecting, using and disclosing your personal information. We will only collect, use and store your personal information where it is fair and lawful to do so.
Should we require information about children under the age of 18, we will obtain consent from a parent or guardian before we collect the personal information.
Personal information refers to information such as name, telephone numbers and e-mail addresses.
We may collect information about you from different sources, including information you give us directly or information collected by using our website or through an agent.
We may use personal information:
To submit information about our services / products.
To fulfill agreement with the user/ customer.
To ensure the user’s requested services / products are delivered.
No login names or passwords will be disclosed to any third party, except those third parties responsible for the execution of the services / products.
We take all reasonable precautions to keep your personal information secure and access to your personal information is restricted to prevent unauthorised access, modification or misuse and is only permitted among our employees and agents on a need-to-know basis.
Information will not be kept or stored for longer than is needed to complete the services / products or that the following Acts require:
Close Corporation Act No 69 of 1984
Companies Act No 71 of 2008
Consumer Protection Act No 68 of 2008
National Credit Act No 34 of 2005
Electronic Communication and Transaction Act No 25 of 2002
Value Added Tax Act No 89 of 1991
We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect the user’s personal information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any data that the user discloses online. The user accepts the inherent security risks of providing information and dealing online and will not hold the company , its directors, employees or agents responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our proven gross negligence or wilful misconduct.
Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy.