https://canadianmortgagesinc.ca/privacy-policy
888-465-1432 (for free consultation)
About CMI
Mortgage Rates
Blog
Contact
Toggle navigation
Home Equity Loan
Getting a secured line
of credit
Home Renovation Loans
Hard money lenders in Canada
Construction Mortgages
Mortgage Brokers
Burlington
Kitchener
Mississauga
Toronto
Ottawa
Northern Ontario
Vancouver
Calgary
Edmonton
Refinancing
Home Mortgage
Mortgage Renewals
Bridge Financing
Second mortgages
Private second mortgages in Canada
Debt Consolidation
Bad Credit Loans
Credit Repair
Stop Power of Sale
APPLY ONLINE
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for https://canadianmortgagesinc.ca by Canadian Mortgages Inc.. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site.
What Information Do We Collect?
Our Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect and use the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and our products and services. It will notify you what personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data. Finally, also the security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information will be disclosed.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you.
We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Personal Information You Choose to Provide
Registration Information
You will provide us information about yourself to register for certain services. You may also provide additional comments on how you see Canadianmortgagesinc.ca servicing your needs and interests.
Email Information
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
1) See what data we have about you, if any
2) Change/correct any data we have about you.
3) Have us delete any data we have about you.
4) Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
How do we use the information that you provide to us?
Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of providing you with service, administering and expanding our business activities, providing customer service and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. You may notify us at any time if you do not wish to receive these offers by emailing us at info@canadianmortgagesinc.ca
Sharing information with third parties
To provide you with the best products and services we enter into alliances, partnerships or other business arrangements with third parties who are given access to personal information including your name, address, telephone number and email for the purpose of providing you information regarding products and services that we think will be of interest to you. In connection with alliances, partnerships or arrangements, we may also provide certain information to third parties if we have determined that the information will be used in a responsible manner by a responsible third party. We also use third parties to facilitate our business, including, but not limited to, sending email and processing payments. In connection with these offerings and business operations, our partners and other third parties may have access to your personal information for use in connection with business activities. As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Customer, email, and visitor information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions. We may also transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, or any dissolution.
Notice of new services and changes
Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. As our customer, you will be given the opportunity to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers by sending us an email request at info@canadianmortgagesinc.ca.
Security
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Contact Us
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (888) 465-1432 or via email at info@canadianmortgagesinc.ca.
Apply Now or call (888) 465-1432.
Call Us
FREE CONSULTATION
Province*AlbertaBritish ColumbiaManitobaNew BrunswickNewfoundland & LabradorNorthwest TerritoriesNova ScotiaNunavutOntarioPrince Edward IslandQuébecSaskatchewanYukon
Loan Type*Pre-Approved MortgageHome PurchaseHome RefinancingMortgage RenewalHome Equity LoanSecond MortgageHome Equity Line of CreditRenovation LoanConstruction LoanCommercialOther
Please leave this field empty.
Call us today at 866-243-2207
OUR PARTNERS
Join Our Newsletter
Subscribe our blog for news & updates
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Resources
Home
About Canadian Mortgage Inc.
Mortgage brokers in Canada
Mortgage rates in Canada
APPLY ONLINE
Our Services
Home Mortgage
Second mortgages in Canada
Home Equity Loans
LINE CREDIT
Home Renovation Loans
Home refinancing in Canada with CMI
Useful links
APPLY ONLINE
CMI BLOG
CMI Products
Privacy Policy
Careers
Mortgage calculator for Canadians
Contact Us
GET IN TOUCH
Head Office
2425 Matheson Boulevard E., 8th floor Mississauga, ON L4W-5K4
888-465-1432 (for free consultation)
info@canadianmortgagesinc.ca
Copyright © 2019 Canadian Mortgages Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
|
Complaints
|
FSCO #10601
X
X