https://canadianchemistry.ca/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyBy accessing and using the Chemistry Industry Association of Canada’s website, you agree that you have read, understood, and consent to the terms and conditions for the use of the Chemistry Industry Association of Canada’s website, as set out in the Privacy Policy.PRIVACY POLICYWelcome to Chemistry Industry Association of Canada’s website (the “Site”).We understand that privacy online is important to users of our Site, especially when conducting business. This statement governs our privacy policies with respect to those users of the Site (“Visitors”) who visit without transacting business, and Visitors who register to transact business on the Site and make use of the various services offered by Chemistry Industry Association of Canada (collectively, “Services”) (“Authorized Customers”). “Personally Identifiable Information” refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains, including, but not limited to, name, address, phone number, fax number, email address, financial profiles, social security number, and credit card information. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (that is, without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.What Personally Identifiable Information is collected?We may collect basic user profile information from all of our Visitors. We collect the following additional information from our Authorized Customers: the names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses of Authorized Customers, the nature and size of the business, and the nature and size of the advertising inventory that the Authorized Customer intends to purchase or sell.What organizations are collecting the information?In addition to our direct collection of information, our third-party service vendors (such as credit card companies, clearinghouses and banks) who may provide such services as credit, insurance, and escrow services, may collect this information from our Visitors and Authorized Customers. We do not control how these third parties use such information, but we do ask them to disclose how they use personal information provided to them from Visitors and Authorized Customers. Some of these third parties may be intermediaries that act solely as links in the distribution chain, and do not store, retain, or use the information given to them.How does the Site use Personally Identifiable Information?We use Personally Identifiable Information to customize the Site, to make appropriate service offerings, and to fulfill buying and selling requests on the Site. We may email Visitors and Authorized Customers about research or purchasing and selling opportunities on the Site, or about information related to the subject matter of the Site. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to contact Visitors and Authorized Customers in response to specific inquiries, or to provide requested information.With whom may the information be shared?Personally Identifiable Information about Authorized Customers may be shared with other Authorized Customers who wish to evaluate potential transactions with other Authorized Customers. We may share aggregated information about our Visitors, including the demographics of our Visitors and Authorized Customers, with our affiliated agencies and third-party vendors. We also offer the opportunity to “opt out” of receiving information or being contacted by us or by any agency acting on our behalf.How is Personally Identifiable Information stored?Personally Identifiable Information collected by Chemistry Industry Association of Canada is securely stored and is not accessible to third parties or employees of the Chemistry Industry Association of Canada, except for use as indicated above.What choices are available to Visitors regarding the collection, use and distribution of the information?Visitors and Authorized Customers may opt out of receiving unsolicited information from or being contacted by us and/or our vendors and affiliated agencies by responding to emails as instructed, or by contacting us at jstevens@canadianchemistry.ca.Are Cookies Used on the Site?Cookies are used for a variety of reasons. We use Cookies to obtain information about the preferences of our Visitors and the services they select. We also use Cookies for security purposes to protect our Authorized Customers. For example, if an Authorized Customer is logged on and the site is unused for more than 10 minutes, we will automatically log the Authorized Customer off.How does the Chemistry Industry Association of Canada use login information?The Chemistry Industry Association of Canada uses login information, including, but not limited to, IP addresses, ISPs, and browser types, to analyze trends, administer the Site, track a user’s movement, and to use and gather broad demographic information.What partners or service providers have access to Personally Identifiable Information from Visitors and/or Authorized Customers on the Site?The Chemistry Industry Association of Canada has entered into and will continue to enter into partnerships and other affiliations with a number of vendors. Such vendors may have access to certain Personally Identifiable Information on a need-to-know basis for evaluating Authorized Customers for service eligibility. Our privacy policy does not cover their collection or use of this information.Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to comply with the lawWe will disclose Personally Identifiable Information in order to comply with a court order or subpoena or a request from a law enforcement agency to release information. We will also disclose Personally Identifiable Information when reasonably necessary to protect the safety of our Visitors and Authorized Customers.How does the Site keep Personally Identifiable Information secure?All of our employees are familiar with our security policy and practices. The Personally Identifiable Information of our Visitors and Authorized Customers is only accessible to a limited number of qualified employees who are given a password in order to gain access to the information. We audit our security systems and processes on a regular basis. Sensitive information, such as credit card numbers or social security numbers, is protected by encryption protocols, in place to protect information sent over the Internet. While we take commercially reasonable measures to maintain a secure site, electronic communications and databases are subject to errors, tampering and break-ins, and we cannot guarantee or warrant that such events will not take place and we will not be liable to Visitors or Authorized Customers for any such occurrences.How can Visitors correct any inaccuracies in Personally Identifiable Information?Visitors and Authorized Customers may contact us to update Personally Identifiable Information about them or to correct any inaccuracies by emailing us at jstevens@canadianchemistry.ca.Can a Visitor delete or deactivate Personally Identifiable Information collected by the Site?We provide Visitors and Authorized Customers with a mechanism to delete/deactivate Personally Identifiable Information from the Site’s database by contacting jstevens@canadianchemistry.ca. However, because of backups and records of deletions, it may be impossible to delete a Visitor’s entry without retaining some residual information. An individual who requests to have Personally Identifiable Information deactivated will have this information functionally deleted, and we will not sell, transfer, or use Personally Identifiable Information relating to that individual in any way moving forward.What happens if the Privacy Policy Changes?We will let our Visitors and Authorized Customers know about changes to our privacy policy by posting such changes on the Site. However, if we are changing our privacy policy in a manner that might cause disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information that a Visitor or Authorized Customer has previously requested not be disclosed, we will contact such Visitor or Authorized Customer to allow such Visitor or Authorized Customer to prevent such disclosure.Links:This website contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another website. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours.© 2012 Chemistry Industry Association of Canada, All rights reserved. Unauthorized duplication or publication of any materials from this Site is expressly prohibited.Sign Up Now for ChemNewsReceive our weekly e-newsletter with the latest news on the chemistry industry in Canada.Email *Select list(s) to subscribe toConstant Contact Use.T: 613-237-6215 F: 613-237-4061 E: info@canadianchemistry.caCONTACT USFollow UsConnect with us on social media to stay informed and get involved.Site MapADVOCACY RESOURCES SUSTAINABILITY MEMBERSHIP ABOUT CONTACTScroll to topReceive our weekly e-newsletter with the latest news on the chemistry industry in Canada.Email *Select list(s) to subscribe toConstant Contact Use.This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKCookie and Privacy SettingsHow we use cookiesWe may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.Essential Website CookiesThese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.Google Analytics CookiesThese cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.Other external servicesWe also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.Google Webfont Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.Google Map Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Maps.Google reCaptcha Settings:Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:Click to enable/disable video embeds.Other cookiesThe following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them:Click to enable/disable _ga - Google Analytics Cookie.Click to enable/disable _gid - Google Analytics Cookie.Click to enable/disable _gat_* - Google Analytics Cookie.Privacy PolicyYou can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page. PRIVACY POLICYAccept settingsHide notification only