https://capitalcu.ie/terms-and-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Access to this website and the use of information contained on it is governed by the terms and conditions set out below. These terms and conditions are important and are for the protection of both you and the Credit Union. Please take the time to read the terms and conditions carefully. By accessing and using the site you will be deemed to have accepted these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms and conditions, you may not continue to access and use this website or any of the features hereon.
Please note that these terms and conditions were amended on 14th March 2017. The Credit Union reserves the right to amend these terms and conditions without notice to you. It is your responsibility, and a fundamental requirement to use this website, to regularly read these terms and conditions and to inform yourself of any amendments.
Definitions:
In these terms and conditions, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated:
“Terms and Conditions” – means the terms and conditions of use and/or access of this website.
“Privacy Policy” – means our statement of practice as regards the privacy and security of your information when accessing and/or using this Website and any of the features hereon.
“Cookies Policy” – means our statement of practice as regards the use of cookies by this website.
“The Website” – means this website, primarily but not exclusively accessed through the web address; www.capitalcu.ie
“You” and “User” and “Visitor” – means any and all natural persons, as well as persons operating any and all computers, machines, “bots”, etc. accessing or using this website and/or availing of any information and/or services available on or via this website.
“Member” – means any person who holds an account or accounts with the Credit Union Limited subject to terms and conditions of membership who uses this website.
“We” and “Our” and “Us” and “the Credit Union”– means Capital Credit Union Limited.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction:
Information appearing on this website is provided in accordance with and subject to the laws of the Republic of Ireland and the laws of the Republic of Ireland govern the conduct and operation of this website. The courts of the Republic of Ireland have exclusive jurisdiction over all claims or disputes arising in relation to, out of, or in connection with these terms and conditions, the information contained on this website, and any use made of that information.
Any such claims or disputes shall be resolved in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Ireland. The distribution of information on this website may be restricted by local law or regulation in certain other jurisdictions. The information is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any such jurisdiction and persons accessing these pages should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. If you are in any doubt as to whether the website can be lawfully used by you, your continued access or use of the website is prohibited.
General Terms and Conditions:
While we have made all reasonable efforts to ensure that the information on the website is accurate at the time of inclusion we do not make any warranties, undertakings or representations as to the completeness, accuracy or reliability, availability, performance or functionality of the website or any of its contents. We neither accept nor assume any responsibility to you in relation to the contents of the website and we exclude all warranties, undertakings and representations (either express or implied) to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law. Any opinions or comments expressed on the website reflect our judgement at the date of issue and are subject to change without notice.
Any pricing is indicative and does not, and is not intended to, constitute either an offer to buy or sell or a representation that a purchase or sale can be effected at that price or rate. The information contained in the website is for information purposes only and is not an invitation or offer to invest in any securities or other financial instruments of the Credit Union or any other company or an invitation or offer to buy or sell any other products or services or otherwise deal in any of these or enter into a contract with the Credit Union or any third party.
The information provided does not constitute any form of advice, recommendation or arrangement by the Credit Union and should not be relied upon by you in connection with any financial or other decision.
You should not rely on any information contained on the website in relation to a specific issue or decision without taking independent financial, banking, investment, accounting, legal or other advice from an appropriately qualified professional adviser.
The Credit Union shall not be liable to you or to any person claiming through you for any loss or damages of any nature suffered including but not limited to loss of income or anticipated savings, loss of profits, goodwill or any type of financial, punitive or exemplary, indirect or direct, consequential, special or similar loss or damages howsoever arising whether in contract, tort or otherwise and incurred and arising as a result of use of or inability to use this website.
The Member accepts that information on account balances on the day of online account access is comprised of: (a) the balance as at close of business on the previous day; and (b) all cheques due for value on the day of online account access, standing orders, all automated debits and credits due for value on the day of online account access, and debits and credits made by use of branch terminals or any other electronic money transfer system. All transactions included under paragraph (b) above are for information purposes only and the Member hereby acknowledges that their status will not be confirmed until close of business on the day of online account access. The Credit Union accepts no liability for delay in the updating of account balances or for any inaccuracies in account information displayed in online account access.
The Credit Union reserves the right to reject a Members’ request for online banking services. Where the request is granted the Credit Union or an authorised agent of the Credit Union will issue the Member with a unique personal identification number via post. The Credit Union accepts no liability for loss of this communication or delay in its delivery. Members who use the online banking services agree to take full responsibility for keeping their login details safe and secure and to notify the Credit Union immediately if they suspect their login details to have been compromised. The Credit Union accepts no liability for any loss or damage whatsoever and howsoever arising from the use or misuse of the online banking facility.
The Credit Union may decide to introduce a charge for use of the website or for any of the services hereon. Notice of the introduction of such a charge will be given to Members in writing or by publication in branches or elsewhere. Unless the Member advises otherwise, the Credit Union will debit the member’s account with any charges for services should such charges be introduced.
This website contains hypertext links to: (i) associated websites maintained by the Credit Union and you are warned that when you enter such websites, you will be subject to the terms and conditions of those websites which may differ from the terms and conditions of this website; and (ii) websites not maintained by the Credit Union and you are warned that when you enter other websites via such hypertext links, you will not be subject to these terms and conditions and you will not benefit from the protections afforded to you in using this website. The Credit Union will not be liable in any way for the content, availability or use of such third party websites. The Credit Union hereby disclaims all liability for the content of such websites and for any damages arising from your use or access of such websites. Take notice; you use such links to such websites entirely at your own risk.
No third party is permitted to create a link from another website to this website without the prior written consent of the Credit Union.
Please note that the Credit Union cannot guarantee the privacy or confidentiality of information relating to you that passes over the Internet. In accessing this website and in availing of any of the services and/or information available on or via this website, you are deemed by these terms and conditions to accept that electronic mail messaging and Internet communication may not be free from interference by third parties and may not remain confidential. The Credit Union policy in this regard is set out in the privacy policy.
Subject to the Data Protection laws of the Republic of Ireland, the Credit Union may collect and store information arising from your access or use of the website. The Credit Union policy in this regard is set out in the cookies policy
Save where otherwise appearing, the intellectual property rights and all other rights relating to the content (including without limitation, information, graphics, software, text, sounds, images, trademarks, service marks, trade names and logos) of this website belong to the Credit Union.
The intellectual property rights and all other rights relating to content which is supplied in this website under licence to the Credit Union belongs to the relevant licensors. The Credit Union and its licensors retain all right, title, interest and intellectual property rights in the content of this website. The Credit Union grants personal users permission to browse this material (including making such copies in RAM or other temporary storage device necessary to facilitate such browsing).
You may not use this website in such a way so as to compromise the privacy of others, to impersonate another person or for purposes which are immoral, illegal or which destroy the integrity of any data or other computer based information or which would violate local or national laws of any country or the European Union.
In the event that any provision in these terms and conditions is held to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision shall be severed and the remaining provisions shall be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of Republic of Ireland.
The Credit Union reserves the right to suspend or withdraw access to the website as a whole and/or any one or number of the services hereon without notice at any time and accepts no responsibility for the website not being available at all times.
Contact Us After Business Hours
Get In Touch With Our Member Service Team Outside of Business Hours