https://capitalcu.ie/cookie-policy/
Cookies Policy
By continuing to use Capital Credit Union’s (hereinafter ‘the Credit Union’) website capitalcu.ie and apps using any device, and by not changing your web browser settings to disable cookies, you consent to the use of cookies.
This cookies policy should be read in addition to the terms and conditions of this website and is subject to them. If there is any conflict between the cookies policy and the terms and conditions, the terms and conditions shall prevail.
Updates to this policy
From time to time we will update this policy if we change how we use cookies. The most up to date policy will always appear here.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of information, typically of letters and numbers stored in simple text files, placed on your computer, smartphone, tablet or device by a website. Cookies can be read by the website on your subsequent visits.
The information stored in a cookie may relate to your browsing habits on the web page, or a unique identification number so that the website can “remember” you on your return visit. Generally speaking, cookies do not contain personal information from which you can be identified, unless you have furnished such information to the website.
The Credit Union uses cookies to collect information about visitors’ use of the website, including things like connection speed, operating system details, the time and duration visits and IP addresses. The information collected by cookies enables the Credit Union to understand the use of its site, including the number of visitors it has, the pages viewed per session, time exposed to particular pages etc. This in turn helps to provide visitors with a better experience. The Credit Union will not attempt to personally identify visitors from their IP addresses.
Cookies do not in any way compromise the security of your computer. Visitors can use most of the features on this website with no loss of functionality if cookies are disabled from the web browser. However, some features, including our online banking system – CU Online, require cookies to be enabled in order for the service to function properly.
This website uses the types of cookies listed below:
Necessary
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around websites and use the websites’ features, such as accessing secure websites or secure areas of websites. Without these cookies, services you have asked for, like online banking and mobile banking, cannot be provided.
Functionality
These cookies allow this website to remember choices you make (such as your preferred text size) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. Other examples include cookies that keep track of your progress when filling online application forms.
Performance
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
Should you wish to prevent websites from using cookies, instructions for changing your web browser settings are outlined below for each of the most popular web browsers. Please note: our online banking service, including mobile banking, require cookies to be enabled in order for the service to function properly. If you disable cookies, you will not be able to use our online and mobile banking services. The cookies policy applies to this website only. If you visit the Credit Union’s presence on social media sites, the cookies policy of that social media site will apply.
To disable cookies on popular platforms;
Internet Explorer
Go to the ‘Tools’ menu
Click on ‘Internet Options’
Click the ‘Security’ tab
Highlight the ‘Internet’ zone (selected by default)
Select security level ‘High’ for this zone
Click on ‘OK’
Google Chrome
Click the Chrome menu button, a button of 3 bold horizontal lines located to the right of the browser toolbar.
Select Settings.
Click Show advanced settings
In the “Privacy” section, click the Content settings button.
In the “Cookies” section, click “Block Cookies by default”
Mozilla Firefox
Open the Edit menu and choose Preferences.
Under the Privacy & Security category, choose Cookies. (If no subcategories are visible, double-click the category to expand the list.)
Click the following radio button: Disable cookies
Netscape
Go to ‘Edit’ in the menu bar
Click on ‘Preferences’
Click on ‘Advanced’
Select the ‘Cookies’ field
Tick either ‘Warn Me Before Accepting a Cookie’ or ‘Disable Cookies’
Click on ‘OK’
Safari
Choose Safari > Preferences, and then click Privacy.
In the “Block cookies” section, specify if and when Safari should accept cookies from websites. To see an explanation of the options, click the Help button (question mark).
If you want to see which websites store cookies on your computer, click Details.
Contact Us After Business Hours
Get In Touch With Our Member Service Team Outside of Business Hours