https://carelabels.co.uk/privacy/
Privacy - Care Labels
17083
page-template-default,page,page-id-17083,bridge-core-2.5.1,cookies-not-set,qode-quick-links-2.0,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,qode-theme-ver-23.6,qode-theme-bridge,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-6.4.1,vc_responsive
Privacy
Home > Privacy
For the purposes of this statement “Garment Labels” refers to Garment Labels Ltd. T/A Carelabels.co.uk
Garment Labels takes the protection of your privacy very seriously and we are firmly committed to the protection of personal data. We define personal data as being any information which can identify a living person. We will only use your personal information for business needs and to meet our legal responsibilities. Set out below in this Privacy Policy are the ways and reasons that we collect personal data and how we use it. We have also stated the lawful basis of processing, and the period for which each type of personal data is retained.
Who do we hold or process data on?
We hold and/or process personal data on any of the following:
Customers
Contacts, targets and intermediaries
Suppliers
Contractors
Website visitors
Directors and employees
How do we collect information from you?
We obtain information about you when you enquire about or buy/supply one of our products or potential products and/or when you use our website, for example, when you contact us about our products. Information you have given us may be verified against the ‘Company House’ database or other publicly available sources and we may add information to our account which has been gained from these sources.
What type of information do we collect from you?
As Garment Labels predominately deals with other businesses most of the data we hold relates to a business rather than an individual and is therefore not classed as personal data. However, we do hold the following information:
Names (including title)
Email addresses
Home addresses
Telephone numbers
Mobile numbers
How is your information used?
We may use your information to:
Contact you by post, email or telephone, including send order confirmations or invoices.
Verify your identity where this is required
Understand your needs and how they may be met
Maintain our records in accordance with applicable legal and regulatory obligations
Process financial transactions and conduct credit checks
For marketing purposes– We may occasionally contact you regarding new products or changes to our stock policies. All of our marketing emails have an ‘opt-out’ option on them and you are free to select this option at any time. We will do our best to ensure that if you select to opt out that this is actioned as soon as possible.
Send you a customer satisfaction survey – As part of our quality assurance we may send out a customer satisfaction survey once a year. As this is a business requirement it does not fall under the scope of marketing & therefore you may still be sent the survey even if you have selected to opt out of our marketing emails.
Who has access to your information?
We will not sell or rent your information to third parties and we will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
Any staff with access to your information have a duty of confidentiality and have been trained in the General Data Protections Regulations 2018. (GDPR).
Use of third parties
There are occasions when personal data held by us may be transferred to other parties. For example, we use other companies to provide and maintain the firm’s IT systems. We ensure that the IT systems used by those third parties are located in secure sites and that the companies themselves have compliant GDPR systems and procedures.
We may also have a need to disclose personal data to other parties such as the company’s auditors, other professional firms or regulatory bodies.
Website / Customer Portal visitors
Cookies – Garment Labels uses cookies to help us give you the best experience of our website. Cookies are a piece of data that are often created when you visit a website and which are stored in the cookies directory of your computer. The cookies do not contain any personal information about you and cannot be used to identify an individual user. However, you can select your browser not to accept cookies.
JavaScript – We use JavaScript to aggregate and analyse customer usage patterns on our website. This provides us with data on your usability and behavior, such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views. We may use this information in the administration of the website, to improve the website’s usability, and for marketing purposes. This does not collect any personal or identifiable information about users. However, you can disable JavaScript on your computer. Disabling JavaScript should not affect you ability to access our internet site.
Visiting our offices
If you visit one of our offices you will be required to sign in and out of the building. These records are kept for 3 years in order to comply with fire & BRC regulations, are stored securely and destroyed on a regular basis.
CCTV is in operation outside some of our offices. This is in place for security reasons and is controlled by Garment Labels. It is generally only accessed when an incident occurs which requires access to CCTV records by police or other security companies. Records are kept for 6 months before being overwritten.
Data Retention
Personal data will be retained for as long as we have a relationship or potential relationship with the individual and in order to meet any legal requirements.
Partners and employees
Personal data on directors and staff is collected in the ordinary course of running our business. Further details are included in the Company’s Employee Handbook which is available for all staff either in hardcopy or on the Company’s WIKI. Personal data obtained from staff and partners will be retained for sufficient time to comply with employment and health and safety laws and HMRC regulations.
Your rights
Access to your information: You have the right to request a copy of the personal information about you that we hold.
Correcting your information: Keeping your information up to date and accurate is important to us. If any information changes or is incorrect please contact us as soon as possible by either emailing info@carelabels.co.uk or calling the office on 07787 177833.
Deletion of your information: Under certain circumstances, you may have a right to have any personal data held by the company deleted. If you would like to exercise this right please contact us at info@carelabels.co.uk. There may be statutory or other reasons why we are unable to remove the data and if this is the case, we will inform you of this. You have the right to ask us to delete personal information about you where:
You consider that we no longer require the information for the purposes for which it was obtained
Our use of your personal information is contrary to law or our other legal obligations
Withdrawing consent to use your information: Where we use your personal information with your consent you may withdraw that consent at any time and we will stop using your personal information for the purpose(s) for which consent was given.
Please contact us by either emailing info@carelabels.co.uk or calling the office on 07787 177833 if you wish to exercise any of these rights.
Changes to our privacy notice
If this privacy policy changes in anyway, we will place an updated version on this page. Regularly reviewing this page ensures you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have regarding it.
Contact information
Please contact us with any concerns or amendments to personal data by either emailing info@carelabels.co.uk or calling the office on 07787 177833.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok