https://careerresumes.com/privacy-policy/
This privacy notice discloses the privacy and security practices for Career-Resumes®.
This notice applies solely to information collected by this web site; it will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone, and we do not use any collected data in automated decision-making. We do not collect or process any of the following data: race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union memberships, genetic or biometric data, health or mortality, or sexual orientation.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to write your resume, professional profile, or other career documents.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Understand why we collect the data we have about you.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Subject to certain exceptions provided by law, and provided we can authenticate your identity, you will be given reasonable access to your personal information within 30 days of your request.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 800-800-1220 or via email.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Sharing
We partner with career professionals to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Revised May 17, 2018 to comply with GDPR requirements.
FREE CRITIQUE Does your resume work FOR you, or AGAINST you?
Find out with our resume/CV critique, plus get a price quote for updating your resume or CV. Get your FREE evaluation!
Job Seekers
Get Started
Free Resume/CV Critique
Government Resumes & KSA Responses
Sample Resumes
Sample Cover Letters
Get Noticed with Our LinkedIn Portfolio Services
Job Search Checklist
Career Articles
Visit Our Blog
Career Assistance
Career Resources
Recommended Sites
Downloads
Online Resources
Free Resume Critique
Career Articles
About Us
Visit Our Blog
Meet Our Staff
Testimonials
Our Mission
Career Assistance
Get Started
Copyright © 2017
|
Career Resumes, Inc.
|
All Rights Reserved
Start typing and press Enter to search