https://careerwise.ie/privacy-statement/
Offices
Home
About Us
Meet the Team
Frequently Asked Questions
Our Clients
Our Difference
Global Connection
Candidate Centre
CV Advice
Get Your Career Moving
Interview Advice
Contractors
CareerWise Timesheet Portal
Employers
Contractors
On Site Recruitment
Outplacement Services
Outsourced Payroll Services
CareerWise Timesheet Portal
Executive Search
Blog
Contact
Limerick/Shannon Recruitment Agency Office
Cork Recruitment Agency Office
Galway Recruitment Agency Office
Mayo Recruitment Agency Office
Dublin Recruitment Agency Office
Send us your CV
Our team is working from home, so it’s business as usual. Connect With Us today.
Your SectorEngineering & TechnicalSupply Chain, Logistics & MaterialsScientific & LaboratoryIT / SoftwareManufacturing & ProductionAccounting & FinanceExecutive / ManagementHR / TrainingSales / Customer Services
See All Jobs
Home/Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
This privacy statement provides information about the ways in which the CareerWise Recruitment website collects, stores, shares or keeps personal information provided by users. It should be read in conjunction with our Privacy Policy.
Using our Website
Our website uses cookies (see Cookies Policy below).
Our search facility
The search facility on our website is an internal search function and only returns information that appears on the website.
Contacting us
You can sign up to various services via our website.
For the newsletter we will retain your name and email address to facilitate this service.
For job alerts we will retain your name, location, email address and job preferences to facilitate this service.
If you wish to submit your CV please see our privacy policy for full information on this process.
Our privacy policy applies to all these actions and you may submit any queries to data@careerwise.ie
Emailing us
Any emails sent to us are recorded and forwarded to the relevant section. The sender’s email address will remain visible to all staff tasked with dealing with the query. Please be aware that it is the sender’s responsibility to ensure that the content of their emails is within the bounds of the law. Unsolicited material of a criminal nature will be reported to the relevant authorities and blocked.
Cookies Policy
What is a cookie
A cookie is a small piece of data that may be stored on your computer or mobile device. It allows a website “remember” your actions or preferences over a length of time.
Further information on cookies can be found at http://ec.europa.eu/ipg/basics/legal/cookies/index_en.htm
How are they used on this site?
This site uses 2 different types of cookie
o    Session Cookies
o    Persistent Cookies
Session Cookies are temporary cookies that are not stored on your computer or mobile device. They are used as part of the registration process for financial security purposes. A session cookie is also used to remember your language preference when viewing the site. These session cookies are erased when you close your browser, or after 20 minutes of inactivity.
Persistent cookies are those placed on your computer or mobile device for a pre-determined length of time when you visit this site. This site only places cookies that are specific to this site.
Cookies used on www.careerwise.ie
CareerWise uses Google Analytics to monitor the overall performance of our site. Google confirm that these Cookies comply with applicable Data Protection laws here.
Google Analytics Cookies used on this site
Cookie Name
Expiration Time
Description
_ga
2 years
Used to distinguish users
_gid
24 hours
Used to distinguish users
_gat
10 minutes
Used to throttle request rate.
_utmt
10 minutes
Used to throttle request rate
_ _utma
2 Years
Used to distinguish users and sessions. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing __utma cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
_ _utmb
30 minutes from last visit
Used to determine new sessions/visits. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing __utmb cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
_ _ utmc
Session cookie
Not used in ga.js. Set for interoperability with urchin.js. Historically, this cookie operated in conjunction with the __utmb cookie to determine whether the user was in a new session/visit.
_ _utmz
6 months
Stores the traffic source or campaign that explains how the user reached your site. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
Specific Cookies
The following cookies are used specifically on this site
Cookie Name
Expiration Time
Description
viewed_cookie_policy
12 Months
Records if you have clicked in the Cookie Notifaction and therefore does not display notification for 12 months.
Managing Cookies
Within your browser you can choose whether you wish to accept cookies or not. Different browsers make different controls available to you and so we provide links below to popular manufacturers’ instructions on how you can do this. Generally, your browser will offer you the choice to accept, refuse or delete cookies at all times, or those from providers that website owners use (“third party cookies”), or those from specific websites.
Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Firefox
Safari
Safari Mobile
Opera
Changes to our Privacy Statement:
This is a live document, under regular review.
Upload Your CV
Upload your CV to apply for as many jobs as you like.
upload your CV
Send Me Job Alerts
Stay up to date with the latest jobs entered onto our system, emailed to your inbox.
Where to find us
Cork
Shannon
Galway
Dublin
Mayo
Cork Office
CareerWise Recruitment. EastGate Village, EastGate, Little Island, Cork.
Phone: +353 (0) 21 206 1900
Email: info@careerwise.ie
Shannon Office
CareerWise Recruitment. Suite 3, Ballycasey Business Park, Shannon, Co Clare.
Phone: +353 (0) 61 364 919
Email: info@careerwise.ie
Galway Office
Suite No 4, Unit 9 Oranmore Business Park, Oranmore, Co. Galway.
Phone: +353 (0) 91 452 444
Email: info@careerwise.ie
Dublin Office
CareerWise Recruitment. Unit 1 Castle Way, Golden Lane, Dublin 8
Phone: +353 (0) 1 910 8994
Email: info@careerwise.ie
Mayo Office
CareerWise Recruitment Mayo, Crossmolina Enterprise Centre, Mullinmore Street, Crossmolina, Co. Mayo
Phone:
+353 94 900 3979
Email: info@careerwise.ie
Get Social
Job Alert Registration
Sign up to our newsletter
Useful links
Home
About Us
Candidate Centre
Employers
Blog
Contact
Our Policy
Specialised Sectors
Browse Jobs
Engineering & Technical
Supply Chain, Logistics & Materials
Scientific & Laboratory
IT / Software
Manufacturing & Production
Finance & Admin
Executive / Management
HR / Training
Sales/Marketing
© Careerwise Recruitment, All Right Reserved. Registered Company No: 6327667K. Registered Company Address: Suite 3, Ballycasey Business Park, Shannon, Clare.
Sitemap
Legal
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. You can review our Privacy Statement here Privacy Statement. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept