http://cargoinspections.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Cargo Inspections Group > Privacy Policy
Your privacy on cargoinspections.com
Thank you for visiting www.cargoinspections.com.   If you have any queries or require any further information in relation to Cargo Inspections Group (“CIG”), please contact us.
CIG are dedicated to protecting the privacy of all persons using this website (the “site”).  Any and all personal information obtained from users of the site will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How your personal information is collected
On using the site, you may disclose information to us (such as your name and contact details) either directly or by your use of the site, as per the below.
What information is collected
Information can be obtained from you in the following ways:
1. When you voluntarily supply contact details including but not limited to, your name, email address, demographic information and postal address. This information may be held on our system to assist in managing our relationship with you.
2. Part of our data collection process may be through the use of cookies, which are small data files which store information about your visit to cargoinspections.com. For instance, how you have entered our site, where you navigate within the site and the information is of interest to you. We track and use this information for statistical purposes to help improve the services and products we provide to you.  You can elect not to accept “cookies” through your Internet options on your computer browser, however, this may affect your overall use/experience of the site.
3. When entering cargoinspections.com your Internet Protocol (IP) address is automatically obtained and is stored in our Internet access logs. The data is statistical in nature and can assist us in diagnosing problems with our server, administering the site or help to identify you.
How CIG will use your information
Your personal information will be stored in our systems for internal use by CIG only. We will use the information to provide you with information you have requested from us, goods, services or materials, for internal research purposes, for marketing and data analysis, to provide you with updates concerning CIG.  It is the policy of CIG not to, sell or market your personal information to any third parties which are not unaffiliated with CIG without your consent.  Information may be provided to agents and subcontractors of CIG in order to fulfil customer requirements and whereby disclosure is required pursuant to any order of a court of competent jurisdiction or governmental or regulatory body.
How to review, correct and delete your personal information
You can contact CIG at any time to request the personal information, if any, we have collected in respect of yourself.  In addition, you can request that your personal information be corrected, supplemented, or permanently deleted from our systems.
Consent to collection and use of information
If you do not agree to any part in this Privacy Statement, or have any questions, please contact us prior to accessing this Site.
BY CHOOSING TO PROCEED AND ACCESS THE SITE, YOU EXPRESSLY CONSENT AND AGREE TO THE COLLECTION, TRANSFER, HANDLING, PROCESSING, USE AND STORAGE OF ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION WHICH MAY BE OBTAINED FROM YOU DURING YOUR VISIT TO OUR SITE, SUBJECT TO TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
CIG Brochure
CIG China Brochure