https://carltonprofessional.co.uk/about-carlton-professional-veterinary-recruitment/privacy-policy/
Our Vacancies
Register With Us
Locum Rewards
Resource Vet & VN
Privacy Policy and Data Protection
What data we need
The personal data we collect from you includes:
questions, queries or feedback you leave, including your email address if you contact Carlton Professional
your email address and subscription preferences when you sign up to our email alerts
how you use our emails – for example whether you open them and which links you click on
when submitted, your CV and identification
The legal basis for processing this data is to perform a task in the public interest that is set out in law and is statute based.
Why we need it
We use Google Analytics software to collect information about how you use Carlton Professional. We do this to help make sure the site is meeting the needs of its users and to help us make improvements.
Google Analytics stores information about:
how you got to the site
what you click on while you’re visiting the site
We do not collect or store your personal information (for example your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are.
We also collect data in order to:
improve the site by monitoring how you use it
gather feedback to improve our services, for example our email alerts
respond to any feedback you send us, if you’ve asked us to
send email alerts to users who request them
What we do with your data
The data we collect may be shared with practices.
We will not:
sell or rent your data to third parties
share your data with third parties for marketing purposes
send any information other than your name and availability without expressed consent
We will share your data if we are required to do so by law – for example, by court order, or to prevent fraud or other crime.
We will always request consent prior to all vacancy applications or queries
How long we keep your data
We will only retain your personal data for as long as:
it is needed for the purposes set out in this document
the law requires us to
In general, this means that we will only hold your personal data for a minimum of 1 year and a maximum of 7 years.
Children’s privacy protection
Our services are not designed for, or intentionally targeted at, children 13 years of age or younger. We do not intentionally collect or maintain data about anyone under the age of 13.
Where your data is processed and stored
We have a cloud based in house system called Job Diva. This is protected by password and exclusive user only. Any applications made through our website will be transferred to the Job Diva database. Only employees of Carlton Professional have access to the back system of our website.
How we protect your data and keep it secure
We are committed to doing all that we can to keep your data secure. We have set up systems and processes to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure of your data – for example, we protect your data using passwords.
We strive to ensure that any third parties that we deal with keep all personal data they process on our behalf secure.
Your rights
You have the right to request:
information about how your personal data is processed
a copy of that personal data
that anything inaccurate in your personal data is corrected immediately
You can also:
raise an objection about how your personal data is processed
request that your personal data is erased if there is no longer a justification for it
ask that the processing of your personal data is restricted in certain circumstances
If you have any of these requests, get in contact with our office