https://carolsteele.co.uk/pages/privacy-policy.html
Welcome to our Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us.
It is Carol Steele's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to
carolsteele.co.uk (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "carolsteele.co.uk"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms of service posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms of service.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Carol Steele collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request.Carol Steele's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Carol Steele's visitors use its website. From time to time, Carol Steele may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Carol Steele also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://carolsteele.co.uk blog posts. Carol Steele only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Carol Steele's websites choose to interact with Carol Steele in ways that require Carol Steele to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Carol Steele gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. If this web site is used by visitors with a malicious intent, Carol Steele Photography reserves the right to pass on Personally Identifying Information to the police.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Aggregated Statistics
Carol Steele may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Carol Steele may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Carol Steele does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Carol Steele uses "Cookies", similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Carol Steele uses cookies to help Carol Steele identify and track visitors, their usage of https://carolsteele.co.uk, and their website access preferences. Carol Steele visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Carol Steele's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Carol Steele's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Carol Steele's use of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Carol Steele may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Carol Steele's sole discretion. Carol Steele encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Credit & Contact Information
This privacy policy was created at privacyterms.io. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us via our contact Contact form.
Click on the button
to return to the Home page