https://carolina-aero.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footer
For FREE information call us: 864-228-9588
facebook
linkedin
mail
Home
About
About Us
Our Staff
Mission & Guarantee
Resources
School
Aviation Mechanic School
Courses
Course Catalog
Register Now
Job Placement
Financial Assistance
School Calendar
Testing And Certification
Tuition
Programs
A&P Quick Start Program
PSA Airlines: Military to Commercial Transition Training
U.S. Army Airframe & Powerplant C.A. Program
Location
Food and Lodging
Transportation
Important Dates
Blog
Contact
Your Privacy and Security is Our Priority.
At Carolina Aeronautical, we do everything we can to protect the privacy of our consumers and our customers including those who visit our web site. We value your time and your interest in our organization. We place a high priority on ensuring the security and privacy of data pertaining to each customer. We are aware that you have entrusted us with your personal information.
Use of Information.
We may share information, as permitted by law, which we receive from you to provide you with new products and better service. We limit who receives information and the types of information that is shared.
Sharing of Information with Non-affiliated Companies.
We do not share any customer information with third party marketers offering products and services. Sharing of Information with Affiliates: We may share certain information, as permitted by law, with our affiliated companies. By sharing information about your accounts and relationships with our affiliates, we can improve your experience with our organization and serve you more efficiently.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection.
Protecting the privacy of our children is essential. We recognize that protecting children’s identities and privacy online is important and that the responsibility to do so rests with both the online industry and with parents.
Ensuring Your Privacy and Preferences.
We are dedicated to protecting your privacy as well as providing products and services that we believe will be of benefit to you. We will occasionally send you information regarding related products and services that you may be interested in. If for any reason you are concerned that the personal information maintained by us is not correct or if you wish to opt out of receiving information from us, simply tell us by sending an e-mail to: info@carolinaaeronautical.com. In order for your request to be properly processed, please provide your e-mail address, your name, address, and telephone number. Please type your information clearly and let us know by which methods you would like us to contact you if any. Allow approximately four to six (4-6) weeks for your request to be processed.
Internal Confidentiality Policy.
Our employees are responsible for adhering to strict confidentiality standards that are designed to protect your personal and financial information. This requirement ensures your privacy by controlling access to your information and restricting the use of it. Confidentiality standards and information access controls are reviewed and updated regularly to ensure your privacy.
Cookies.
Many Web sites use cookies, small text files on your hard drive that are accessible only to the site that placed it on your hard drive. The data collected from cookies helps a web site determine how many people visit the site and what pages they view. You can set your Web browser to warn you before you accept a cookie. When visiting our web sites, we may use cookies on some pages, simply to help us serve you better each time you return.
Encryption.
One component of our online security system is our Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption. When you visit pages requesting or presenting sensitive personal or financial data, we will encrypt the information, preventing third parties from accessing it in transit. (Look for the lock icon on your browser.) We utilize 128-bit encryption to protect your personal information.
Browser Requirements.
Because of our security system, you will need to use a browser that supports SSL encryption if you wish to take advantage of the features and functionalities of our Web sites. The browsers currently supported are Microsoft Internet Explorer 4.01, 5.0 and 5.1, Netscape 4.5 and 4.7 and AOL 4.0 and 5.0.
Our Commitment to Privacy and Security.
Carolina Aeronautical is committed to protecting the personal and financial information that you have provided to us. We will continue to safeguard your information and comply with all laws and regulations relating to your information.
Primary Sidebar
Facebook
Quick Links
School Calendar
Financial Assistance
Courses
Mission & Guarantee
Tuition
Job Placement
Cancellations and Refund Policies
FooterContact Info
202 North Maple St. # 111
Simpsonville, S.C. 29681
Toll Free: 888-878-4443
Local: 864-228-9588
Cell: 864-979-8661
Fax: 864-228-9838
E-Mail: info@carolina-aero.com
There are no upcoming events.
Important Links
Home
About Us
Aviation Mechanic School
Contact Us
Location
U.S. Army Airframe & Powerplant C.A. Program
Privacy Policy