https://carolinalanterns.com/carolina2019/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyDeveloper2020-01-27T14:10:33-05:00
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Carolina Lanterns & Lighting. This privacy statement provides information about the personal information collected by the Carolina Lanterns & Lighting online catalog and commerce system, and the ways in which Carolina Lanterns & Lighting uses that personal information.
Personal information collection
Carolina Lanterns & Lighting may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
information about your use of this website
information that you provide using for the purpose of registering with the website
information about transactions carried out over this website
information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services and any other – information that you send to Carolina Lanterns & Lighting.
Using personal information
Carolina Lanterns & Lighting may use your personal information to:
administer this website
personalize the website for you
enable your access to and use of the website services
send to you products that you purchase
supply to you services that you purchase
send you statements and invoices
collect payments from you
send you marketing communications
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Securing your data
Carolina Lanterns & Lighting will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. Carolina Lanterns & Lighting will store all the personal information you provide on its secure servers. Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology.
Do we use cookies?
Yes – cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Cross-border data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy. You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Updating this statement
Carolina Lanterns & Lighting may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other websites
This website contains links to other websites. Carolina Lanterns & Lighting is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website’s privacy policy.
Contact Carolina Lanterns & Lighting
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or Carolina Lanterns & Lighting’s treatment of your personal information, please write to:
Carolina Lanterns & Lighting
1362 Chuck Dawley Blvd
Mount Pleasant, SC 29464
Toll Free: 1.877.881.4173
MT. PLEASANT SHOWROOM1362 Chuck Dawley Blvd,
Mt Pleasant, SC 29464
Google Directions
Phone: (843) 881-4170
Hours:
Mon-Thur 9am-5:30pm
Fri 9am-5pm
Sat 10:30am-4:00pm
Closed Sun
Email Us
BLUFFTON SHOWROOM53 Persimmon St #101
Bluffton, SC 29910
Google Directions
Phone: (843) 881-4170
Hours:
By Appointment Only
Email Us
CHARLESTON OUTLET
445 Deanna Lane
Charleston, SC 29492
Google Directions
Phone: (843) 416-8732
Hours:
Mon-Fri 9am-3:30pm
Email Us
X
Go to Top