http://carusoleadership.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Caruso Leadership
Call Us
(734) 692-0544
Email Us
Get In Touch
Menu
Home
About
About Joe Caruso
About Caruso Leadership
Our Clients
Client Testimonials
Services
Executive Advisory
Leadership Development
Keynote Speaking & Events
Books
The Power of Losing Control
Principles of Authentic Power
Success Strategies
Steps to Effective Meetings
Caruso Leadership Product Store
Blog
Executive Advisory
Leadership Development
Keynote Speaking
Success Strategies
News & Events
Contact
Privacy PolicyHome
/ Privacy Policy
Caruso Leadership Institute respects each individual’s right to personal privacy. We will collect and use information through our website only in the ways disclosed in this statement. This statement applies solely to information collected at www.carusoleadership.com.
‘Caruso Leadership Institute’ or ‘CLI’ herein refers to:
Caruso Leadership Institute
26561 West River Road
Grosse Ile, MI 48138
info@carusoleadership.com
Office Phone: (734) 692-0544
Office Fax: (734) 671-7625
This document (‘Privacy Policy’) describes the information we collect about you and explains what may happen to that information. By using the CLI website, you accept the Privacy Policy as set under the following headings:
CLI is Committed to Best-Practice Privacy Standards
Collecting Information About You
Our Use of ‘Cookies’
Our Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Information
Updating Your Information
What Else You Should Know About Privacy
If You Have a Problem
1. CLI is Committed to Best-Practice Privacy Standards
We are committed to protecting your personal information and letting you know the type of information we collect and how this information is used.
CLI also intends to comply with any guidelines or laws introduced in the United States to strengthen protections for your privacy.
2. Collecting Information About You
The amount of information we collect about you depends on your use of our website. The only personal information we collect is what you tell us about yourself, for instance through our statistics, enquiry and booking forms.
We use your personal information for research or to improve our site and the services we offer you. We analyze the data for certain trends and statistics, such as which parts of our site users are visiting and how long they spend there. This information is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis. We may share this aggregated information with our content providers to assist them in understanding our services but we do not give our content providers aggregated information that would allow them to identify you personally.
We also use your personal information to notify you of updates to the website via email or our newsletter (if you have subscribed to one of our services). Please contact us if you no longer wish to receive emails or newsletters from us.
3. Our Use of ‘Cookies’
Some of the pages found on the CLI website use ‘cookies’ to help us remember who you are. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies help us provide you with services and features that are tailored to your needs when you visit the CLI website again.
Cookies in themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user’s browsers. The cookies simply operate as a unique identifier.
This lets us know what you find interesting and useful, which allows us to keep improving our web site and provide you with a personalised service.
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies. If you do not wish to receive any cookies you may set your browser to refuse them, although this means you may not be able to use certain features on our site.
4. Our Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Information
CLI will not use or disclose any information about you without your consent unless legally required to do so or if we consider it necessary to:
Implement our terms of service;
Provide you with the service you have requested;
Protect the rights or property of CLI any user of CLI or any member of the public; or
Lessen or prevent a serious threat to a person’s life, health or safety.
CLI will seek to take all reasonable steps to keep any information we hold about you secure, accurate and up to date. Your information is stored on secure servers that are protected in controlled facilities.
CLI will take all reasonable steps to ensure that our employees and contractors respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by CLI. You should notify us immediately if there is any unauthorised use of your account or any other breach of security. However, CLI does not accept responsibility for any consequences of the unauthorized access to your information.
5. Updating Your Information
If at any time you want to know exactly what personal information any part of our web site is holding about you, you may request your details of that information by emailing us. We will endeavor to provide you with the Information within an appropriate timespan.
If you want to correct or update your information, please contact us by emailing us.
6. What Else You Should Know About Privacy
You should always close your browser upon leaving the website, especially if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence. You are responsible for the security of and access to your own computer.
To the extent that you disclose information on the Internet to parties other than CLI, different rules may apply to the use and disclosure of your personal information. Since we do not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to their privacy customs and policies. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
Ultimately you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your username and passwords and any account information.
7. If You Have a Problem
Our clients are very valuable to us. If you have an inquiry relating to privacy or our Terms of Use, please email us. If you have any problems with our website or a general problem or complaint, please contact us. We take these issues seriously and will endeavor to address your concerns in the shortest possible time.
About
About Joe
The Company
Clients
Testimonals
Services
Executive Advisory
Leadership Development
Keynote Speaking
Success Strategies
News & Events
Books
The Power of Losing Control
Principles of Authentic Power
Success Strategies
Steps to Effective Meetings
Office
26561 West River Road
Grosse Ile, MI
48138
Phone: (734) 692-0544
Fax: (734) 671-7625
Copyright ©2020 Caruso Leadership Institute. Web Development by Brothers Design.
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Policy
Scroll