https://cascadegasket.com/privacy-policy/
Call us at 253-854-1800
Home
Capabilities
Capabilities Home
Compression Molding
Molded Silicone Foam & Sponges
Gasket Fabrication
Clamp Blocks & Grommets
5 Axis Waterjet
Elastomer Certified Testing
Gasket Seal & Tooling Support Services
Quality
About Our Process
Lab/Testing
Compliance
Company
Legacy
Cascade Today
Contact
Cascade Gasket & Mfg. Co. Inc. respects your privacy and the purpose for which our site visitors provide us information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information Collected
If you request or submit information to us by sending an Email via the “mail to:” function or filling out a “contact” form, we may save your Email address as well as any other information you may provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, Email, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your Email and other information you provide will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only the policy of Cascade Gasket & Mfg. Co. Inc. ‘s website and not sites that users access via links from our site. Cascade Gasket & Mfg. Co. Inc. is not responsible for the information collection policies of other sites, nor for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor for the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Cookies
Cascade Gasket & Mfg. Co. Inc. website does not use cookies. Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an Email with “Remove personal information” in the subject line.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
Cascade Gasket & Mfg. Co. Inc. may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that Cascade Gasket & Mfg. Co. Inc. reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of Cascade Gasket & Mfg. Co. Inc. and is effective as of August 03, 2010. This statement does not create an agreement between Cascade Gasket & Mfg. Co. Inc. and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
Contact Us:
Cascade Gasket & Mfg. Co. Inc.
8825 S. 228th St.
Kent, WA 98031
Phone: 253-854-1800
Fax: 253-854-1921
Email:marketing@cascadegasket.com
Web Address: www.cascadegasket.com
© 2020 Cascade Gasket & Manufacturing Co.  |  1820 West Valley Hwy North, Auburn, WA 98001  | Tel: 253-854-1800 Fax: 253-854-1921 | Privacy Policy
X
Sorry, We're Not Hiring At This Time.
Learn More