https://caseknives.com/pages/privacy-policy
Cart
"Close Cart"
Skip to Main Content
EVERYDAY CARRY
Heritage
Signature
Modern
Sporting
Specialty
Shop AllKnives
KNIFE TYPES
Fixed
Folding
Assisted-Open
Locking
Flipper
Culinary
BROWSE
2020 Gift Guide
Find The Right Knife
The ShowCASE
New Knives
Best Sellers
Discontinued Knives
Limited Editions
FEATURED
American Heroes
Boy Scouts of America®
Harley-Davidson®
John Deere
Ford
United States Army®
Pocket Worn®
Stripe of Service™
Knife Care
Gear
Sheaths & Cases
eGift Cards
Apparel
View All Accessories
BROWSE
Best Sellers
New Accessories
Our Knives
Knife Maintenance
American Heroes
Custom Imprinting
The ShowCASE
2020 Product Guide
About Us
Case Events
Collectors Club
News & Stories
Case x Winkler
Whittle More
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
U.S.A. PRIVACY POLICY
If you are located outside the U.S.A. click here.
Effective Date:  05/21/18
1. W.R. CASE & SONS CUTLERY COMPANY
W.R. Case & Sons Cutlery Company (referred to as “Case”) respects the privacy concerns of its customers and users of its Sites and has created this privacy statement to explain how we use and protect your personal information. We take reasonable efforts to protect any information you give us.
2. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Information for California Residents
California Consumers’ Rights and Choices
If you are a California resident, California law permits you to request Information regarding the:
Categories of Personal Information (as defined by applicable California law) collected, sold or disclosed by us;
Purposes for which categories of Personal Information collected by us are used;
Sources of information from which we collect Personal Information; and
Specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you.
In addition, if you are a California resident you may:
Opt-out of the sale or disclosure of your Personal Information, in some circumstances;
Opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us; however, you may still receive administrative communications regarding the Services;
Opt-in to certain financial incentive programs we may offer related to the collection, sale, or deletion of your Personal Information; and
Request deletion of your Personal Information by us and our service providers, in some circumstances.
You will not be discriminated against for exercising your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act. Our privacy policy can be found at: https://caseknives.com/pages/privacy-policy
Collection of Personal Information from California Residents
We have listed below the personal information we may have collected from California residents in the past 12 months.
Category of personal information we may collect: Identifiers
Categories of sources from which we may obtain your “Identifiers” include: Directly from consumers
The purposes for collecting your “Identifiers” include: To improve consumer experience, improve our products, and for marketing purposes.
Category of personal information we may collect: Personal Characteristics
Categories of sources from which we may obtain your “Personal Characteristics” include: Directly from consumers
The purposes for collecting your “Personal Characteristics” include: The purposes for collecting your “Personal Characteristics” include:
Category of personal information we may collect: Commercial Information
Categories of sources from which we may obtain your “Commercial Information” include: Directly from consumers
The purposes for collecting your “Commercial Information” include: To improve our consumer experience, for account purposes, to improve our products, and for marketing purposes.
Category of personal information we may collect: Internet/Electronic Activity
Categories of sources from which we may obtain your “Internet/Electronic Activity” include: Directly from consumers
The purposes for collecting your “Internet/Electronic Activity” include: To improve consumer experience, improve our products, and for marketing purposes.
Category of personal information we may collect: Internet/Electronic Activity
Categories of sources from which we may obtain your “Internet/Electronic Activity” include: Directly from consumers
The purposes for collecting your “Internet/Electronic Activity” include: To improve consumer experience, improve our products, and for marketing purposes.
Category of personal information we may collect: Geolocational Data
Categories of sources from which we may obtain your “Geolocational Data” include: Directly from consumers, Public records from government entities
The purposes for collecting your “Geolocational Data” include: To improve consumer experience, improve our products, and for marketing purposes.
Category of personal information we may collect: Sensory Information
Categories of sources from which we may obtain your “Sensory Information” include: Directly from consumers
The purposes for collecting your “Sensory Information” include: To improve consumer experience, improve our products, and for marketing purposes.
Category of personal information we may collect: Inferences
Categories of sources from which we may obtain your “Inferences” include: Directly from consumers, Public records from government entities
The purposes for collecting your “Inferences” include: To improve consumer experience, improve our products, and for marketing purposes.
Here is information on whether we sell or share your personal information.
Selling/sharing your personal information
Categories of third parties we may sell your personal information to: We do not sell personal information to third parties.
Requests
You can make requests related to your California privacy rights at the attached links:
Access My Personal Information
Delete My Personal Information
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
You may also make those requests by calling (888) 442-1932.
Please be aware that we do not accept or process requests through other means (e.g., via fax, social media, email addresses, etc.).
When you make a request, we may ask you to provide verifying information, such as your name, email, or phone number. We will review the information provided and may request additional information via email or other means to ensure we are interacting with the correct individual. Please also be aware that making any such request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal or deletion of Personal Information or content you may have posted, and there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow us to fulfill your request.
Children
Our Services are not directed to children, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 16. If you learn that a child has provided us with Personal Information, then you may contact us as indicated above.
Do Not Track
W.R. Case & Sons Cutlery Company does not currently take steps to respond to browsers’ “Do Not Track” signals as no uniform standard to respond to such signals has been developed at this time.
3. COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION
Information is sometimes required for usage of the Sites, including purchase of an item or some service, or is requested from you for a particular use or purpose which we will inform you about at the time of use. Your usage of the various Sites determines what information is collected. Any information that you do decide to give us will be used by us to improve your service and provide promotions and offers from Case, its affiliates, and promotional partners to you.
If you visit our Sites and wish to register, enter a contest or sweepstakes, purchase products, obtain information regarding one of our products or services or request other information such as Consumer Relations assistance or otherwise communicate with us about our offerings, then we will request some personally identifiable information from you.
Personally identifiable information is any information relating to a natural person that can be used to identify them from that information by reference to an identification number or some other factor specific to identity. The personally identifiable information we collect about you on certain Sites can include your name, address, telephone number, cell phone number, birth date, email address, and financial information like your credit card number and expiration date. Information submitted, other than financial information, at the time of registration or during a submission may be used for marketing and promotional purposes by Case and its affiliates, and may be shared with our promotional partners.
The information is also used to get in touch with you when necessary regarding an order you have placed on a Site or to notify you if you have won a contest or sweepstake.
Financial information that is collected is used to process your request for products and services, and will not be shared with third parties who are not involved with the transaction. When credit card information is transmitted, we use industry standard, SSL (secure socket layer) encryption. Due to normal legal and auditing requirements, partial credit card information is retained by us in an encrypted form. That information is not shared with any partner or any person unnecessary for legal and auditing purposes. Please see below for more information.
Case may disclose your personally identifiable information in special situations when we have reason to believe this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference (either intentionally or unintentionally) with Case's rights or property, other Case Site users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. In addition, Case may use personally identifiable information to conduct other legitimate activities, such as protecting the security of its Sites and its networks, guarding against potential liability, engaging in debt collection, responding to a court order or subpoena, preventing fraud, complying with law, and complying with a legally permitted inquiry by a government agency or regulator. To the extent that any of our Sites have additional or different practices or policies, these practices will be explained on that Site.
To modify or delete the information you have provided during registration, please login and update your profile. You may always opt-out of receiving future mailings by clicking on the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email or sending an email to custserv@caseknives.com with a copy of the email attached to the request and statement of your desire to be removed from the mailing list. See the Choice/Opt-out section below.
4. SAFEGUARD YOUR USERNAME/PASSWORD
You are responsible for any actions that take place while using your Case account. Keep your username/password secure and do not allow anyone else to use your username/password to access the Site. You agree to notify Case at custserv@caseknives.com or (888)-442-1932 immediately of any unauthorized use of your Case account. Case is not responsible for any loss that results from the unauthorized use of your username/password, with or without your knowledge.
5. SECURITY
Security for all personally identifiable information is extremely important to us. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Case cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or transmitted to you from our online products or services. All information is stored in a secure location behind a firewall with limited administrative access. However, you transmit information to us and receive information at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
6. FOR PARENTS CONCERNING PRIVACY
Case complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). See: www.ftc.gov. In addition to any other age restrictions on this Site, please note that our Sites are not intended for children under 13 years of age, which is the age group protected under COPPA. In addition to any other age restriction on this Site, no one under age 13 may provide any information on the Sites.  We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
7. USE OF COOKIES AND PIXEL TAGS
W.R. Case & Sons Cutlery Company receives and records information from your browser when you use any of our websites and may use a variety of methods, such as “Cookies” and “Pixel Tags” to collect this information. For more information, please refer to our Cookie Policy.
8. USE OF IP ADDRESSES
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your internet provider whenever you are surfing the web. When you request pages from Case Sites, our servers log your IP address. Case collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to report aggregate information to our partners, and to audit the use of our Site. Unless you purchase something, we do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that your session will be logged, but you are anonymous to us. If you access the Buy feature in the online store, we will link your IP address to your credit card information as part of our fraud prevention program. We do this to protect you. We may use your IP addresses in cooperation with your internet provider to identify you if we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Terms of Use or to protect our service, Sites, customers, or others.
9. MOBILE SERVICES
The Sites contains services and features that are available to certain mobile phones. Your carrier’s normal rates and fees apply. Not all mobile services will work with all carriers or devices. You should check the rates and services offered by your carrier. By using a mobile phone to access Case Sites, you agree that that certain information about your use of these services may be shared with us through third party partners.
10. CHOICE/OPT-OUT
Our Sites may provide you the opportunity to opt-in to receive communications from us at the point where we request information about you. If you receive a communication and would like to opt-out and remove your name from any future communication, follow the specific instructions outlined within the communication you receive. However, if you are unable to complete the process indicated in the communication, send an email to custserv@caseknives.com with a copy of the email attached to the request and statement of your desire to be removed from the mailing list. Your opt-out request will be processed within 10 days of the date it is received.
11. LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Case is not responsible for the content or practices of third party websites that may be linked to our Sites. Our Sites may also be linked to websites operated by other companies. Visitors to these websites should refer to each website's respective privacy policies and practices.
12.CONTACT US
If you have any questions about the Terms of Use, Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, the practices of our Sites or your dealings with our Sites, contact:
Case / Zippo Consumer Relations
33 Barbour Street
Bradford PA, 16701
Phone: (814) 368-2700
Email: custserv@caseknives.com
13.  CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page.  If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you through a notice on this page.  The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of this page.  You are responsible for periodically visiting our Site and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Information provided by you via general email inquiries to Case, such as your email address, is used only to respond to your inquiries in the ordinary course of business, and is never shared with third parties.
To view educational material on consumer privacy, please see
www.ftc.gov.
By continuing on this website you consent to our use of cookies and similar technology, which collect and share with third parties the IP address of your device and browsing information, to make your browsing experience as useful as possible. For more information, see our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy
Accept