https://caseknives.com/pages/cookie-policy
Cart
"Close Cart"
Skip to Main Content
EVERYDAY CARRY
Heritage
Signature
Modern
Sporting
Specialty
Shop AllKnives
KNIFE TYPES
Fixed
Folding
Assisted-Open
Locking
Flipper
Culinary
BROWSE
2020 Gift Guide
Find The Right Knife
The ShowCASE
New Knives
Best Sellers
Discontinued Knives
Limited Editions
FEATURED
American Heroes
Boy Scouts of America®
Harley-Davidson®
John Deere
Ford
United States Army®
Pocket Worn®
Stripe of Service™
Knife Care
Gear
Sheaths & Cases
eGift Cards
Apparel
View All Accessories
BROWSE
Best Sellers
New Accessories
Our Knives
Knife Maintenance
American Heroes
Custom Imprinting
The ShowCASE
2020 Product Guide
About Us
Case Events
Collectors Club
News & Stories
Case x Winkler
Whittle More
Home
>
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
This website is operated by W.R. Case & Sons Cutlery Company, 50 Owens Way, Bradford, PA 16701, USA.   W.R. Case & Sons Cutlery Company receives and records information from your browser when you use any of our websites and may use a variety of methods, such as “Cookies” and “Pixel Tags” to collect this information.
A Cookie is a small removable data file that is stored by your web browser on your computer. Cookies allow you to place an order on our website and allow us to enhance and personalize your online experience. For example, we use Cookies to:
Remember the items in your shopping cart
Recognize you when you return to our website
Store your username or login email and password to make it easier to login
Confirm that users are logged in
Enable you to express checkout
Analyze visitor behavior
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a Cookie is being sent or you can choose to turn off all Cookies. If you turn all Cookies off, you won’t have access to many features that make your website experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place product orders over the telephone by contacting Consumer Relations number at (888) 442-1932.
To change your web browser settings for cookies, follow the instructions in the help section of your web browser (or please visit allaboutcookies.org).
GOOGLE ANALYTICS/OPTIMIZE
This website uses Google Analytics & Google Optimize, a web analytics and A/B Testing service provided by Google Inc. ("Google").  Google Analytics uses cookies to analyze your use of the website. Google Optimize uses the Google Analytics cookies to display targeted content.  The information generated by the cookies about your use of this website (including your IP address) is transmitted to and stored on a Google server in the United States of America. Google uses this information to assess your use of the website, providing reports on website activity for website operators and other website activity and internet related services. Google may transfer this information to third parties, if required by law or if third parties process the information on behalf of Google. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
View an overview of privacy at Google at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
USE OF ACUITY PIXEL/COOKIES
This website uses pixels and/or cookies in order to help us deliver, measure, target, and report on advertising campaigns on this website and other websites. Acuity states that the data collected via these pixels and cookies does not allow us or AcuityAds to identify you directly, but does allow them to recognize a user’s browser or device over time.  AcuityAds collects web log information such as a web visitor’s IP address, web pages viewed, date and time, domain type, and user interactions with advertisement delivered by AcuityAds or one of their third-party partners. AcuityAds retains the web log data collected via its pixels and cookies for up to three months, but generally do not retain this data for EU data subjects for more than a few days. Users can learn more about AcuityAds and may opt-out of certain uses of information by AcuityAds by visiting their privacy policy at https://www.acuityads.com/privacy-policy/.
USE OF AMAZON CONVERSION PIXEL AND AMAZON REMARKETING PIXEL
This website uses the Amazon Conversion Pixel and Amazon Remarketing Pixel services run by Amazon.com, Inc., 410 Terry Ave. North Seattle, WA, USA. For this purpose, Amazon has placed and uses Conversion and Remarketing Pixels on this website which, based on your prior consent, collect the IP address of the devices using this website, the type of browser being used and the type of device.
Amazon who is responsible for the data collection states that it only uses the full IP address for robot and fraud detection and otherwise truncates the last octet of the IP address. Amazon uses the pixels placed on your device to recognize your device, learn about what ads you see, what ads you click and other actions you take on this website and other sites and stores this information on its servers for nine months from the last action recorded for a specific user/device, so that it can provide more useful and relevant ads to you and to measure the success of advertising campaigns analyze the effectiveness of ads for statistical and market research purposes.
If you are visiting the website out of the EU/ European Economic Area (EEA), please note that your personal data may thus be transferred outside the EU/EEA to Amazon in the U.S.A., which does not provide the same level of protection of personal data as in the EU/EEA.
Amazon states that it does not provide any personal data to advertisers or third party sites, except for the IP address. However, advertisers and other third parties may assume that users who interact with or click on a personalized ad or content are part of the group that the ad or content is directed towards. Also, some third parties may provide Amazon with information about you from offline or online sources which Amazon may link to your user profile. For more information on how Amazon (and its affiliates) uses pixels and interest based ads see here. W.R. Case & Sons Cutlery Company, on the other hand, does not collect any data through those pixels and does not receive any personal data from Amazon.
Refusal or withdrawal of consent to the pixels has no adverse consequences for your use of the website. If you provided consent to the use of those pixels when accessing this website, you can withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal, by clicking here. For information about your other rights, please click here.
You can prevent recording of the data generated by the Amazon pixels by clicking on the following link and checking the setting for “Do not personalize advertising displayed by Amazon for this Internet browser”: https://www.amazon.com/adprefs. Alternatively, you can check the corresponding settings at http://www.youronlinechoices.com. By doing so, an opt-out cookie is set in your browser which prevents the future recording of your data by Amazon when visiting this website.
USE OF CURALATE
This website uses Curalate, which allows for our products to be tagged and linked in social media posts. Curalate states that it collects the following data: your name, electronic mail address, location, postal address, user names on the Service and each Social Site, Internet Protocol (IP) address, session identifier and a unique internal identifier. Curalate also collects “Non-Personal Information” about you. “Non-Personal Information” means information that is not Personal Information, including without limitation aggregated and anonymized information. Curalate states that it does disclose the data to third parties to (a) enforce or apply the terms and conditions of the Service, including investigations of potential violations thereof, (b) comply with legal or regulatory requirements or a governmental request, (c) protect the rights, property or safety of Curalate, other users or other third parties, (d) to any authority, such as a police department or regulatory authority, or (e) detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical problems that may arise. We may also disclose Non-Personal Information to our clients, developers, business partners, merchants, advertisers, investors, potential buyers and other third parties for any reason in their sole discretion.. Curalate does not state the length of time that it retains this data.
Users can opt-out by visiting http://www.aboutads.info/choices.
Curalate’s privacy policy is available at https://www.curalate.com/privacy-policy/.
USE OF FACEBOOK PIXEL
This website uses the Facebook pixel, a small piece of JavaScript code, that is added to the website in order to optimize ads, report on the success of advertising campaigns across devices and target ads to the audience. The Facebook pixel sends information about your browsing session through HTTP headers to Facebook, including the IP address, information about the web browser, page location, document, referrer and web browser user agent. Pixel-specific data includes pixel ID and Facebook cookie data to connect the events to a specific Facebook ad account and to make a match to a person known by Facebook. Facebook checks whether the person has previously seen or interacted with an ad from our account or if the person matches an audience rule and prepares an analytics report, which contains anonymized or aggregated data. Facebook keeps the information collected from the pixels for 180 days and stores the data collected in its production data centers in the US and in Sweden. Facebook supports the DAA’s AdChoices to opt out of behavioral advertising and you can check the corresponding settings at http://optout.aboutads.info to opt out from the Facebook pixel. You can also learn more about why you are seeing an ad through Facebook’s AdsPreferences (available here: https://www.facebook.com/help/109378269482053/?helpref=hc_fnav).
USE OF PINTEREST TAG
This website uses the Pinterest Tag, a piece of JavaScript code used to track conversions and various events for measurement purposes, and build and optimize audiences for retargeting on the Pinterest.platform.  The Pinterest Tag is operated by Pinterest Inc. at 651 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA.  Pinterest, who is responsible for this collection, states that it may collect your Pinterest userID, your IP address, and if Enhanced Match is implemented, your SHA-256 hashed email address. Pinterest states that such data will not be shared with third parties outside of Pinterest employees and contractors.  The Pinterest Tag used for conversion has a lifespan of 1 year.  Pinterest states that you cannot opt out of the Pinterest Tag, but there are a few ways you can choose how cookies are used on Pinterest, described in Pinterest’s Cookie Notice at https://policy.pinterest.com/en/cookies.
USE OF SIMPLI.FI PIXELS/COOKIES
This website uses the Simpli.fi pixels and/or cookies, for better targeting advertising to user interests.  The data also allows us provide improvements to our services, for example, improving the effectiveness of the advertisements delivered to users and limiting the number of times a person sees a given advertisement.  Simpli.fi states that it collects anonymous data including, but not limited to, information such as a web visitor’s IP address, web pages which have been viewed by a web visitor, date and time, domain type, and responses by a web visitor to an advertisement delivered by Simpli.fi or a third party advertising technology vendor. Simpli.fi retains the information it collects on third-party sites for 30 days.  Users can reach out directly to Simpli.fi with concerns via privacy@simpli.fi or through the opt-out link on the ads or within its privacy policy at https://www.simpli.fi/site-privacy-policy/.
USE OF TEADS TAGS/COOKIES
This website uses the Teads tags and/or cookies in order to bring to you more relevant video ad campaigns and to guarantee a maximum number of views of a same campaign in a given amount of time. Teads, who is responsible for the collection of information using this technology, states that it collects events related to users’ browsing activities, information related to the user device, technical user identifiers, and information related to geography and derived from the IP address or mobile application settings. Teads states that it does not process or share any information that allows identification of a particular individual, although it may share aggregated data. The Teads cookies are operated by Teads, which can be contacted at Legal Department (DPO) -Teads – 97 rue du Cherche midi – 75006 Paris – France. Teads states that data linked to a user is retained up to 12 months from the date of collection, and that aggregated and non-personal data may be stored for a longer period than 12 months for technical and statistical reasons. For security reasons, users’ IP addresses are stored in a private security log for a period of 4 months. Opt-out information is available at https://teads.tv/privacy-policy/. Teads’ cookie policy is at https://teads.tv/privacy-policy-old/teads-cookies-policy/.
USE OF VIANT PIXELS
This website uses Viant retargeting and conversion pixels, which uses information it collects to create audience segments to deliver targeted, interest-based advertising and to conduct analytics and research.  Viant states that it collects online and offline information about consumers’ interests and habits through web tracking technologies and from other business partners like data providers, ad exchanges, and mobile app attribution companies.  Viant states that it does disclose non-personal information, such as aggregated or de-identified information (in statistical or summary form that does not include any personal identifiers) to third parties and uses that information to create audience segments made available to their clients to deliver targeted, interest-based advertising and to conduct analytics and research.
Viant states that it retains the data for as long as W.R. Case & Sons Cutlery Company maintains a business relationship with Viant and for a reasonable time thereafter for record keeping purposes. Viant stores identifiers such as cookie IDs and mobile advertising IDs collected via our services for as long as our systems are able to recognize a particular user, and for 90 days thereafter.
Users can opt-out by going to https://optout.aboutads.info.
Viant’s privacy policy is available at https://www.viantinc.com/privacy-policy/.
CALIFORNIA DO-NOT-TRACK DISCLOSURES
Do Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on the Do Not Track signal, the browser sends a message to websites requesting them not to track the user. For information about Do Not Track, visit www.allaboutdnt.org. W.R. Case & Sons Cutlery Company does not track its customers over time and across third party websites and, at this time, does not respond to Do Not Track browser settings or signals. Further, W.R. Case & Sons Cutlery Company  has not authorized third parties to collect personally identifiable information about users’ online activities over time and across different websites when users visit the W.R. Case & Sons Cutlery Company website.
PRIVACY POLICY
View our full Privacy Policy (both for U.S.A. and outside U.S.A.).
By continuing on this website you consent to our use of cookies and similar technology, which collect and share with third parties the IP address of your device and browsing information, to make your browsing experience as useful as possible. For more information, see our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy
Accept