https://cashadvancenow.com/privacy-policy/
Home \ Privacy Policy
FACTS
WHAT DOES GREATPLAINS FINANCE, LLC DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. For an online installment loan, this information can include:
Social Security number and bank account information
Payment history and income
Employment information and wire transfer instructions
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reason GreatPlains Finance, LLC chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does GREATPLAINS FINANCE, LLC share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes – to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
We Do Not Share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your transactions and experiences
No
We Do Not Share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness
No
We Do Not Share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We Do Not Share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We Do Not Share
To limit our sharing
Call 1-888-906-6419 – our menu will prompt you through your choice(s) or
Visit us on the web at www.cashadvancenow.com
Contact us via email at support@canlending.com
Please note:
If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date you sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
www.cashadvancenow.com
What we do
What we doHow does GreatPlains Finance, LLC protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does GreatPlains Finance, LLC collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
Apply for a loan
Give us your income information
Tell us where to send the money
Provide account information
Provide employment information
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
You have the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies
Our affiliates include other business entities of the Ft. Belknap Indian Community.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
GreatPlains Finance LLC does not jointly market.