http://cashmanandassociates.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - Cashman & Associates
https://cashmanandassociates.com/wp-content/themes/cashman/imgs
About
Who We Are
Awards & Accolades
Careers
Services
Clients
Current Clients
Clients by Industry
Strategic Partners
Happenings
Blog
Contact
About
Who We Are
Awards & Accolades
Careers
Services
Clients
Current Clients
Clients by Industry
Strategic Partners
Happenings
Blog
Contact
Cashman & Associates Privacy Policy
Summary:
We collect your data (specifically outlined below, but generally basic information about you in a professional context, such as email, job title, company name, etc.) strictly to provide you with access to our news, events and other programs. We will not share this data with anyone unless you explicitly consent to us doing so. We honor your right to privacy and will comply with your wishes to remove your data from our systems.
Our commitment to privacy
You deserve to know how we collect and use the data you provide to us, and that’s what we are providing to you on this page. This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on our website, via email, or through our newsletter opt-in. This notice was updated in May 2018 to reflect GDPR compliance standards.
How we use your information
We use the data you provide to us to provide you with access to news and updates from our agency, clients, events, etc. We will never use or share the information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above.
Some information, such as your email address, may be shared with the following third parties. They will only use this information to serve our needs and are prohibited from using it in any other instance. They are: Mailchimp (e-mail marketing), Insightly (CRM), Ticketleap (event registration).
Consequences of failure to provide consent
Consenting to allow us to process and store your data is optional. However, failure to provide that consent will prevent us from delivering the content, events and other experiences to you as mentioned above.
The information we collect
Across our web platform and events, you will be presented with the opportunity to sign up for newsletters, purchase event tickets, etc. The type of information collected on those pages generally includes but is not limited to:
Email address
Name
Job title
Company name
Mailing/billing address
Based on the information you provide to us, we may create or append other information to your profile in the interest of better serving you (for example, your interests). As is the case with all data we collect, this will be kept private and for our business purposes only.
How to ask us to delete your data
If you would like to unsubscribe from our communications at any time, you may do so in the footer of any of our emails. If you would like us to delete your information entirely, or request the information we store about you, please contact the email address below. Otherwise, by continuing to interact with our emails and programs, you provide us with permission to manage and use your data as described above.
Our commitment to the security of your data
To prevent unauthorized parties from accessing your data and maintain the accuracy and cleanliness of our own data while ensuring the correct use of it, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Questions about our privacy policy or how we use data? Email info@cashmanandassociates.com.
Find Us Online
Behind the scenes news from your favorite brands and inside looks from our team. Stay in-the-know by interacting with our social media platforms with up-to-the minute updates.
Link to Facebook
Link to Twitter
Link to Instagram
Link to Linked In
Stay Connected
Sign up to get emails from us with the latest happenings, events and agency news.
Sign Up
Contact Us
232 N. 2nd Street, Philadelphia, PA 19106
(215) 627-1060
E-mail: info@cashmanandassociates.com
©2018 Cashman & Associates. All rights reserved. Web Design by Push10 Design View Our Privacy Policy »