https://catalyst-marketing.com/newsite/privacy/
We at Catalyst Marketing Innovations understand the importance of your privacy. We recommend you read the
following information provided to summarize our practices for gathering and using information obtained through this web site. Our privacy statement exemplifies our commitment to your privacy and to the confidentiality and security of the information obtained from you on our site.
Our site frequently requests information from you including general demographic data and identifying information. We use this information for our, and our agents’, sales, marketing, and advertising purposes. This information is used to target
promotional material about our company, our product and service offerings, and those of our partner and affiliate firms. Contact information provided may be used to contact you when necessary.
As portions of this site collect personal and financial information, rest assured that this data is secure. This data is being gathered to facilitate completion of many of the functions offered on our site.
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. We may collect personally identifiable information when you visit our site. We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page(s) you visited. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to anyone.
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our site and our site infrastructure. Your IP address also helps us to identify you and your online shopping habits, as well as to gather general/personal data on you. From this, we may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to track session information to better help us understand our site and our visitor’s usage of it. Overall, this information will help us, our affiliates and/or our agents to make this site better, for you.
Occasionally, we may distribute surveys asking questions of interest regarding our site, our company, and/or our products/services. Again, these instruments may request general demographic information about you, your interests, and your online shopping habits. Our affiliates and/or agents may use
this information to better tailor our site, current and future product/service offerings, and promotional opportunities. For further follow-up with you, contact information you have provided may be used to contact you.
For your convenience, our site provides a quick and easy way to opt-out of receiving communications from us, our affiliates, and/or agents. This includes, but is not
limited to, promotional information, product/service announcements, web site and general company updates, news, reminders, and special announcements. This opt-out mechanism is available by e-mailing support@catalyst-marketing.com.
As this web site contains references and links to other sites, Catalyst Marketing Innovations is not responsible for the legal or privacy practices of these sites, nor are we responsible for the content on these sites.
If you have questions regarding this privacy statement, our web site, or encounter any problems with this web site, please contact us.
We are a team of dedicated professionals eager to help with your web site design, web site development, custom web application development, and ongoing web site maintenance needs.
Copyright © Catalyst Marketing Innovations, LLC
Privacy Statement | Legal Notice | Site Map