https://causecommunications.org/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you); To process transactions; To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature; or To send periodic emails, Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site (or its service provider) transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow). Cookies enable the site or service provider to recognize your browser and remember certain information. We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to third parties.
This excludes trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep your information confidential.
We may release your information to comply with the law, enforce our site policies or protect our rights or others’ rights, property or safety.
Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy, we have taken the necessary precautions to comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
In compliance with COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at www.causecommunications.org.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this page. You will not be otherwise notified of any such changes.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us:
www.causecommunications.org
12304 Santa Monica Blvd., Suite 201
Los Angeles, CA 90025
United States
info@causecomm.org
310-656-1001