http://cavanaughandcompany.com/privacy-policy/
Cavanaugh & Company  Web Site Privacy Policy
STATEMENT
Cavanaugh & Company has created this security and privacy statement in order to document and communicate its commitment to doing business with the highest ethical standards and appropriate  internal controls.
We respect your privacy. Information you entrust to Cavanaugh & Company will be handled with the greatest care, and Cavanaugh & Company will not use the information in ways to which you have not consented or is not required by law.
POLICY SCOPE
Sites Covered by this Policy – This Privacy Policy applies to all Cavanaugh & Company owned web sites and domains, and our wholly owned subsidiaries.
Links to Other Sites – This site contains a number of links to other sites. Cavanaugh & Company is not responsible for the security or privacy practices of these sites, the products or services offered by these sites, or the content appearing at these sites. Cavanaugh & Company does not endorse any of the products or services marketed at these other sites.
WEB  SITE INFORMATION GATHERING
Cavanaugh & Company recognizes the importance of keeping the information we collect about you confidential. We always take great care to protect what you entrust to us. Cavanaugh & Company is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our website.
Personal Information Gathering – We do not automatically collect personally identifiable information (PII) about our web site visitors. We may record the Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using, the browser software used, the operating systems used, and the websites from which our visitors link directly to our site. We aggregate and use this information to determine how many visitors we have to different pages on our web site, to detect and correct systems problems, and to improve the usability of our web site. This information is not connected to individual names or personal identities.
Explicit Information Gathering – You can examine our entire web site without providing any information whatsoever. Our web site’s request-for-more-information form requires users to give us contact information. This information is used to provide information to those who inquire about our products and services, to ship orders, to bill orders, and to handle related business matters. This information is also used to get in touch with customers when necessary. From time to time, the information gathered through this site will be used to notify you about products and services that we think will be of interest to you.
Covert Information Gathering – Our site does not covertly capture information regarding the specific activities of any particular user. We do not have any arrangements with any other sites to track or monitor user activities on the Web. Our site does, however, produce reports that permit us to view your activity on our site in anonymous or aggregated form. We do not use cookies, web bugs, or any other active content mechanism to capture or maintain information about users without their prior consent. The only personal information that we capture has been specifically submitted to us through the request-for-more-information form. We do not store any persistent information on your computer.
Cookies and Web Bugs – At this time, we do not use cookies on this site. If this changes, this policy statement will be updated to disclose how Cavanaugh & Company uses cookies and for what purpose.
Personal Information Usage – When you disclose personal information to us that is where it stays. The only exception involves disclosure to the government according to normal business practice, for instance for the collection of taxes, and according to the orders of a court, for example responding to a subpoena or search warrant. We do not sell, rent, trade, lend, or otherwise transfer such personal information to affiliates, subsidiaries, sister companies, holding companies, parent companies, strategic partners, or any other organization.
CHILDREN
Precautions For Children – Cavanaugh & Company does not attempt to collect personal information from children, and we do not provide services to children. The (Cavanaugh & Company) website is not directed to children under age 18, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under age 18. If a child sends personal information to us, and this information can  be identified as originating from a child, the information will be deleted. We cannot always determine which information originates with a user that is a child. We do not maintain databases about children.
EMAIL LIST PRIVACY
Opt-in Email Lists – We use email lists that we have assembled from people who have indicated they want additional information about our services. Additionally, we use email lists that are comprised of people who have requested additional information about services similar to those Cavanaugh & Company provides.
Email List Privacy – Cavanaugh & Company does not sell, rent or share our email lists with any other third parties. We do not link our email lists to any other databases. We do not store emails or individual information on our web server.
Compelled Disclosure – There may be times when we are required by law to disclose the information that you have submitted. Unless we are legally prohibited to do so, we will do our best to provide you with notice that a request for your information has been made to give you an opportunity to object to the disclosure. If you do not challenge the disclosure request, we may be legally required to turn over your information.
WEB  SITE SECURITY
Security Measures – Our site is protected with a variety of security measures such as change control procedures, passwords, and physical access controls. We also employ a variety of other mechanisms to ensure that data you provide is not lost, misused, or altered inappropriately. These controls include data confidentiality policies and regular database backups.
Storage of Personally Identifiable Information (PII) – We do not store any personally identifiable information on our web server.
Policies and Procedures – Cavanaugh & Company has internal policies and procedures to limit access to your information to only those who have a business need to view it.
Sensitive Communicating Via Email and Web Page
Sending Confidential Information – Web sites visitors must not use this site to submit confidential information to Cavanaugh & Company. To arrange for the delivery of highly sensitive information, contact Cavanaugh & Company directly by calling via phone to communicate any confidential information.
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Access to Personal Information – We make every effort to keep our records accurate. We will make appropriate changes when you notify us. If you want to view, update or delete the information we have about you in our database, please fill out our privacy information request form. We will follow procedures to verify your identity before providing this information to further protect your privacy.
Your Opt-In and Opt-Out Decisions
Product Information – If you would like to receive information regarding our services or publications, please fill out our information request form.
Privacy Policies – If you have a question about our privacy practices, please fill out our contact request form.
Privacy Policy Changes
Policy Change Notice – We may occasionally make changes to our privacy policy to reflect changes in legal and regulatory requirements, or as necessary as we upgrade or modify our technology, applications and service offerings. We recommend you visit our site to review our privacy policies occasionally.
98 Washington Street, Suite 203 | Middletown, CT 06457Tel: 860-346-8900 | Fax: 860-346-3844
Privacy Policy
Home
About Us
Services
Contact Us