https://caymanintinsurance.ky/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
IMAC is committed to protecting your privacy
and maintaining the security of any personal information we receive from you.
This Privacy Statement explains what personal information we collect and how we
use it. The information we collect is used to operate and maintain our website,
send you our publications, event information as well as marketing
communications.
Information received through third party event
registration systems is subject to their own privacy policy and data security.
We only work with organisations which are reputable and responsible leaders in
their industries.
Your Personal Data
Other than the information you provide to us
voluntarily, we collect no other personal data. We will not collect more
personal data than is necessary for keeping in touch and we do our website does
not record any personal data.
Information shared with third parties
We do not transfer your personal data or share
it with anyone else unless we are compelled to do so by law or a court order.
Right to access
We aim to ensure that any personal data we
hold is as accurate as possible. Please let us know immediately if there any
changes to your information or if you become aware that the information that we
hold is incorrect. You may contact us to find out what, if any, personal data
we hold about you, and ask us to correct or update this data.
Right to object
If at any time you would prefer not to receive
our publications, event information or marketing communications, please let us
know or use the ‘unsubscribe’ option included in all our email communication.
Data Security
We are committed to keeping your personal data
and records confidential. Your personal data will only be handled by employees
and consultants of this company who have the integrity to keep your personal
data confidential and will use your data only for the purpose for which it was
collected. Each staff member has their own password to log in to their own
email account.
No method of electronic transmission or
storage is 100% secure and, therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute
security.
Legal Information – Copyright Notice
By using this website, you acknowledge that,
except where expressly varied, all intellectual property rights (including
without limitation all trade secrets, copyright, trademarks, service marks,
designs, and patents) in the Site and the contents, format and display thereof
are vested in IMAC.
The on this website may not be reproduced,
distributed or transmitted to any other persons in any form or by any means or
used to make any derivative work without prior written permission from IMAC,
nor may it in any way be exploited in whole or in part. For the avoidance of
doubt, framing of this site or any part of it is not permitted without our
express permission. Where no specific restrictions are displayed, you may make
hard copies of limited portions of the Site for personal use only, provided
that any legal notices, disclaimers and copyright, trademark or other
proprietary rights notices are not removed.
Confidential Information
Any material or information collected via this
Site or sent by you to IMAC by any means will be treated as non-confidential
and non-proprietary and may be used by us in accordance with our Privacy
Policy. You may not use this Site to publish or transmit any unlawful,
threatening, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic or
profane material or any other material which could give rise to any civil or
criminal liability in any territory.
Links to other websites are provided for your
information and convenience only. IMAC does not endorse the content of these
websites or the products, services or other items described thereon, or accept
any responsibility for your access to or use of these sites. IMAC makes no
warranties, representations or undertakings about the content of any these
sites and does not claim any endorsement of this website by any of the
organisations to which links are provided.
Responsibility and Liability
IMAC accepts no responsibility or liability
for any reliance placed by any person on any information on this website and
does not represent that the information selected for this website is
comprehensive, complete, verified or accurate. The information on this website
is subject to change and is not provided for any specific or generally
described purpose and does not constitute legal, regulatory, credit, financial
or other professional advice. The information and opinions contained on this
Site are provided without any warranty of any kind, express or implied.