https://ccbankutah.com/tools-resources/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Please Select Account Type:
Personal BankingBusiness Banking
Sign InSign InForgot
ID/Password?
Enroll in Business BankingEnroll in Personal Banking
Privacy
Privacyccbankutah2020-07-01T23:32:04+00:00
Privacy
CCBank Online Privacy
Introduction
CCBank maintains reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the information that you provide on this website. This online privacy policy is designed to inform you of the types of information we collect from our customers and visitors to our website, how we use that information, and the circumstances under which we will share it with third parties. Please note that the sharing of your nonpublic personal information (NPPI) in accordance with the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S. Code § 6801), and its implementing regulations, is detailed in CCBank’s Privacy Notice found our website.
Information for children under 13
The website is not intended for nor directed to individuals that are deemed to be children. We will not intentionally collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 through this website without receiving parental consent. If you think that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13 through this website, please contact us.
We Respect Your Privacy
CCBank respects your privacy and is committed to treating your information responsibly. We understand the need to safeguard sensitive information that you provide to us. We treat our customers’, former customers’, and consumers’ NPPI and the information we collect and use from visitors to our website as described in this Privacy Policy. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, NPPI means any personally identifiable financial information provided by a customer or consumer to CCBank as a financial institution, resulting from any transaction or any service performed for the customer or consumer, or otherwise obtained by CCBank as a financial institution.
Information Collection
We collect customer or consumer information from the following sources: (1) information we receive from you on applications or other forms, such as your name, address, social security number, assets, and income, (2) information about your transactions with us or others that may include our lending partners, and service providers, such as your account balance, payment history, and parties to transactions, debit card usage, and (3) information we receive from third parties, including consumer reporting agencies, such as your creditworthiness and credit history, and lending partners, and service providers.  We use this information to provide our products and services to you, to improve our products and services offerings, to communicate with you about our products and services as well as other products and services that may be of interest to you, to comply with legal requirements, and to perform other legitimate business purposes.
Our online services use features of your Internet browser called “cookies.” Cookies are files that are placed in your computer’s browser memory or placed on your hard drive. We may use these features on our website or online banking service to verify your identity. If you are concerned about our use of cookies, you may be able to set your browser to decline cookies. However, if you choose to block cookies, certain features of our website may not function correctly. We also use technologies, such as pixels, to track the activity on our website. Pixels (also known as pixel tags, clear GIFs, or web beacons) are small blocks of code that enable websites to perform functions, such as place cookies or collect information.
We do not respond to web browser Do Not Track signals.
Confidentiality and Security
We restrict access of your customer information to bank employees who have a business reason for knowing such information. We educate our employees about the importance of confidentiality and privacy of customer and consumer information.
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal banking standards to protect your customer information from unauthorized access. However, no security program is impenetrable, and thus we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California law provides you with specific rights regarding your personal information, including the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months and the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
To make such a request, contact us or email.  Requests must include “California Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code.  Please note that we are only required to respond to two such requests per customer each year.
If you submit a request, we may ask you to verify your identity by submitting your: name, last name, driver’s license or California card ID number, and account number(s).
Please note that the Bank will make an official request for sensitive identifying information to ensure secure transmission.
You also have the right not to be discriminated against if you exercise any of your rights under California privacy law. You may designate in writing an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf.  CCBank may require you to verify your identity and provide documentation of your agent’s authorization before we respond to your request.
We may have collected the following categories of personal information of California residents in the past 12 months:
Identifiers such as a real name, postal address, Internet Protocol address, email address, or other similar identifiers.
Categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of California Civil Code Section 1798.80.
Commercial information.
Internet or other electronic network activity information.
Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above.
This information is collected and used for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy.  CCBank has not sold personal information of California residents in the past 12 months. CCBank may have disclosed any of the above categories of personal information pursuant to an individual’s consent or under a written contract with a service provider for a business purpose in the past 12 months.
In Summary
We appreciate your business and want you to understand our commitment to maintaining the privacy of your customer information, as expressed in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies only to individual customers and consumers and not to businesses.
We reserve the right to amend this policy at any time.
Privacy Notice (PDF)Solar Privacy Notice (PDF)