https://cdc.dusted.com/en/cookie-policy/
I’m looking to…
I’m looking to grow my business
I’m looking to see CDC’s achievements
I’m looking to invest in developing countries
Our approach
Our approach to investing
What kind of investor are we?
Our investment solutions
Types of capital
Catalyst Strategies
CDC Plus
How we make investment decisions
Our approach to impact
What impact means to us
Our impact specialisms
Gender equality
Climate change
Job quality
Skills and leadership
Environmental, social and governance
ESG Toolkit
Where and what we invest in
Sectors
Countries
Our impact
Our stories
Our publications
How we learn
Our investments
Key data
News & insight
Latest news
Insight
Events
Annual Review 2019
Supporting your event
Press centre
About us
Our company
How we operate
Our corporate governance
Our people
CDC’s Board
Executive Committee
Investment Committee
Investment teams
Impact teams
Operations teams
Careers
Our vacancies
Our history
Contact
Cookies Policy
Last updated: August 2020
This cookie policy explains what types of cookies and similar technologies are placed on your device when you
visit cdc.dusted.com (the “Site”) and how CDC uses these cookies and similar technologies. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. We collect this information in a way which does not identify anyone. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personal data from any source. If we do want to collect personal data through our website, we will be transparent about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal data and will explain what we intend to do with it. Our Privacy Policy will provide you with further details about how we use your personal data.
You can manage your current cookie preferences using our cookie settings panel.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are sent to or accessed from your web browser or your device’s memory. A cookie typically contains the name of the domain (internet location) from which the cookie originated, the lifetime of the cookie and a randomly generated unique number or another identifier. A cookie will also contain information about your device, such as user settings, browsing history and activities conducted while using the Site.
First-party vs Third-party cookies
First-party cookies are placed on your device directly by our Site. We use first-party cookies to adapt the Site to your browser’s language preferences and to better understand your use of the Site. Third-party cookies are placed on your device by selected partners and service providers. Currently this website does not employ third-party cookies except when a YouTube video is embedded on a page.
How long are cookies set for?
The lifespan of the cookies we use differs depending on the category of cookies. For example, session cookies only last until you close your browser. Persistent cookies have a longer lifespan and are not automatically deleted when you close your browser. Our persistent cookies allow us to remember your preferred settings such as language and country or remembers your chosen cookie preferences. Please see further details about how long each category of cookies are set for on your browser.
Use of cookies by CDC Group plc
CDC Group plc uses cookies in the operation of its website in a number of areas and these cookies apply to visitors to its website. When you visit the Site, essential cookies will be set on your device. Other cookies (as listed below) will also be set on your device if you choose to accept them.
Essential cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services available through the Site and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas. They perform functions like ensuring the Site pages load quickly.
Analytics cookies
These cookies are used for analytical purposes including to help us understand how the Site is being used and to help improve our Site for our visitors.
The table below explains the cookies we use and why.
Domain name & Cookie name
Purpose
Lifetime
Type*
Data cookie holds
Is it linked to data held
cdc.dusted.com – pll_language
CDC Group – necessary for running web site
1 year
SN
Used to store the language preference of the website
n/a
cdc.dusted.com – __utma
Google Analytics – necessary to track visitor information
2 years
TOD
Tracks of the number of times a visitor has been to the site pertaining to the cookie
n/a
cdc.dusted.com – __utmb
Google Analytics – necessary to track visitor information
30 minutes
TOD
Takes a timestamp of the exact moment in time when a visitor enters a site
n/a
cdc.dusted.com – __utmc
Google Analytics – necessary to track visitor information
Browser Session
TOD
Takes a timestamp of the exact moment in time when a visitor leaves a site
n/a
cdc.dusted.com – __utmz
Google Analytics – necessary to track visitor information
6 months
TOD
Keeps track of where the visitor came from
n/a
cdc.dusted.com – moove_gdpr_popup
Website Cookies Acceptance – necessary for storing your cookie preferences
1 year
SN
This cookie is used to remember if a user has already seen the cookies messages and it therefore does not need to be displayed again
n/a;
cdc.dusted.com – _ga
Google Analytics – necessary to track visitor information
Session
TOD
This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier.
n/a
cdc.dusted.com – _gid
Google Analytics – necessary to track visitor information
1 day
TOD
Stores and updates a unique value for each page visited.
n/a
www.youtube.com – GPS
YouTube – Used when an embedded video is placed on a page
Session
TOD
Registers a unique ID on mobile devices to enable tracking based on geographical GPS location.
n/a
www.youtube.com – PREF
YouTube – Used when an embedded video is placed on a page
Session
TOD
Stores the user’s video player preferences using embedded YouTube video.
n/a
www.youtube.com – VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
YouTube – Used when an embedded video is placed on a page
179 days
TOD
Tries to estimate the users’ bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
n/a
www.youtube.com – YSC
YouTube – Used when an embedded video is placed on a page
Session
TOD
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
n/a
SN – Strictly necessary
S – Setting led
TOD – Tracking own domain
T3P – Tracking 3rd party
Notes
Page URL is the specific character string that constitutes a reference to an internet resource
Cookie name is the name of the cookie which is placed on your computer
Purpose is a brief description of the reason for using the cookie
Lifetime is the length of time between when the cookie is set and when it expires
Type is to be selected from the drop down list and is one of the four type legends listed above
Data cookie holds is to provide further information on the data you are holding, particularly in relation to anything which may be client sensitive
Linked to other data is to provide further information on the cookies’ relationship with any other sites or cookies
Google Analytics Cookies
We use Google Analytics, which is a Google service that uses cookies and other data collection technologies to collect information about your use of the Site in order to report on trends.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
For more information on Google cookies:
https://developers.google.com/analytics/resources/concepts/gaConceptsCookies
YouTube cookies
We may embed videos from our official YouTube channel. This mode may set cookies on your computer when the page loads or once you click on the YouTube video player. To find out more please visit YouTube’s embedding videos information page.
How can I control cookies?
Tools within this Cookie Policy
You can set and modify your cookie preferences at any time by using our cookie settings panel.
Browser and device controls
Some web browsers provide settings that allow you to control or reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. The process for managing cookies is slightly different for each internet browser. The ‘Help’ function within the browser should explain how to do this.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
You may also be able to reset device identifiers by activating the appropriate setting on your mobile device. The procedure for managing device identifiers is slightly different for each device. You can check the specific steps in the help or settings menu of your particular device.
What happens if I disable cookies?
The changes you make to your cookie preferences may make browsing the Site a less satisfying experience. If you use browser or device controls and/or if you delete or clear cookies on your device after you have modified your cookie preferences, the next time you visit the Site our cookies banner will appear and you will need to select your preferences again. Please therefore ensure that your preferences contained in the cookie settings panel are up to date.
How do I contact CDC?
If you have questions about this Cookie Policy or would like any further information, you can contact us here:
Email us: dataprotection@cdcgroup.com
Write to us: Data Protection Officer, c/o Head of Compliance, CDC Group plc, 123 Victoria Street, London, SW1E 6DE, United Kingdom
Cookie use
We use necessary cookies to improve your user experience and to make our site and services work. Additionally we would also like to set optional analytical cookies to help us improve our site. By clicking "Accept" you are allowing us to set these optional cookies.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using in our cookie policy and switch them on or off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Analytics Cookies
Cookie Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable these cookies, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
You can read more about the cookies on our site here.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Analytics Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Enabling these cookies helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Cookie Policy
Find out more information on our Cookie Policy page.
Enable All
Save Changes