https://cdpcommercial.com/terms-and-conditions/
480.620.0333
Contact Us
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
Client Download
Purchase A Usage License
Make a Payment
0 Items
Terms and Conditions
What can be returned?
Due to the nature of our business, all items including but not limited to photography projects are non-refundable. CDP Commercial, LLC retains the copyright of all images. Customers that are buying a usage license are also non-refundable.  The retainer can be refunded if and only if you have canceled within 3 business days before the photography session.  If CDP had to purchase items to complete the job, the items will be deducted from the retainer including but not limited to products and labor costs associated with the project.
When do items need to be returned?
If you have made a retainer for a project and would like to cancel the photo session, you must cancel within 3 business before the photography session.
Where do items need to be returned?
Please contact us 3 business days before the photography session and we will refund the retainer.
How do customers return items?
If you have received a disc of image files that is damaged, please feel free to contact us and we will be happy to send another disc.
Shipping for returns?
The customer is responsible for the shipping cost to ship defective products to CDP.
Credit for returns?
We will provide a replacement disc as your credit to the purchase.
Shipping Policy
All products are downloadable. Please go to our download page. https://cdpcommercial.com/client-download/
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern CDP Commercial, LLC’s relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term ‘CDP Commercial, LLC’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 3276 E. Oakland Street, Gilbert, AZ 85295. Our company registration number is [company registration number and place of registration]. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without CDP Commercial, LLC’s prior written consent.
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill you specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customise the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By e-mail: Please see contact page https://cdpcommercial.com/contact
By Phone: 480-620-0333
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.