https://cedarassociates.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Cedar Associates Management Development Limited (Cedar Associates) is committed to protecting your privacy and security. This policy explains how and why we use your personal data, to ensure you remain informed and in control of your information. This policy reflects the new General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) that came into effect on 25thth May 2018, governing how we use data.
About Cedar Associates
Your personal data (i.e. any information which identifies you, or which can be identified as relating to you personally) will only be collected and used with your consent by Cedar Associates Management Development Limited (Company No. 4831580). Cedar Associates Management Development Ltd. is based at The Stables, Broadwell House Farm, Broadwell CV23 8HF.
Personal data you provide
We only collect data that you provide to us. This includes information you give when making an enquiry through the website, using our services, at business development events or communicating with us. For example:
contact details (name, company you work for, your job title & role, email, address, telephone etc.) when you make contact with us.
Information created by your involvement with Cedar Associates
Your activities and involvement with Cedar Associates may result in personal data being created. This could include details of work undertaken with us, client or consultant business profiles, and areas of interest.
Information from third parties
We may collect information from social media where you have given us permission to do so, or if you post on one of our social media pages.
Sensitive personal data
We do not normally collect or store sensitive personal data (such as information relating to health, beliefs or political affiliation). However, there are some situations where this will occur. We will ask for information in advance on health or fitness prior to an event, if that helps us keep you safe. If there were an accident during one of our events, we’ll take extra care to ensure your privacy rights are protected.
Accidents or incidents
If an accident or incident occurs on our property, when delivering a service involving one of our staff (including associates), then we’ll keep a record of this (which may include personal data and sensitive personal data).
How information is used
We only ever use your personal data with your consent, or where it is necessary in order to:
enter into, or perform, a contract with you;
comply with a legal duty;
protect your vital interests;
for our own (or a third party’s) lawful interests, provided your rights don’t override the these.
In any event, we’ll only use your information for the purpose/s it was collected for (or for very closely related purpose/s).
Administration
We use personal data for administrative purposes required to run our business and deliver excellent service to our customers.
Disclosing and sharing data
We will never sell your personal data. We may share personal data with clients, associates or suppliers who provide us with services. However, these activities will be carried out under a contract that imposes strict requirements on our supplier to keep your information confidential and secure.
Occasionally, where we partner with other organisations, we may also share information with them (for example, if you register to attend an event being jointly organised by us and another business). We will only share information when necessary.
Visitors to our website
When someone visits www.cedarassociates.co.uk we use a third-party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will always make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Website contact form
We use a contact form that collects personal information required to respond effectively to a user’s enquiry. The details collected are stored within our secure WordPress CMS and deleted once no longer needed.
Links to Other Sites
Our website contains hyperlinks to other websites. We are not responsible for the content or functionality of any of those external websites (but please let us know if a link is not working via our ‘Contact us’ page).
If an external website requests personal information from you (e.g. in connection with an order for goods or services), the information you provide will not be covered by Cedar Associates’ Privacy Policy. We suggest you read the privacy policy of any website before providing any personal information.
Use of cookies
You can read more about how we use website cookies on our Cookies page.
Protecting Data
We employ a variety of physical and technical measures to keep your data safe and to prevent unauthorised access to, use of, or disclosure of your personal information.
Electronic data is stored on secure computer systems and we control who has access to information (using both physical and electronic means). Our staff receive data protection awareness training and we have a set of detailed data protection procedures that personnel are required to follow when handling personal data.
Where we store information
Cedar Associates are based in the UK and we store our data within the European Union. Some organisations that provide services to us may transfer personal data outside of the EEA, but we’ll only allow them to do so if your data is adequately protected.
For example, we use Dropbox and Microsoft products. As US companies, it may be that using their products result in personal data being transferred to or accessible from the US. However, we’ll allow this when we are certain personal data will still be adequately protected.
How long we store information
We will only use and store information for so long as it is required for the purposes it was collected for. How long information will be stored for depends on the information in question and what it is being used for. For example, if you ask us not to send you marketing emails, we will stop storing your emails for marketing purposes (though we’ll keep a record of your preference not to be emailed). We continually review what information we hold and delete what is no longer required.
Keeping You in Control
We want to ensure you remain in control of your personal data. Part of this is making sure you understand your legal rights, which are as follows:
the right to confirmation as to whether or not we have your personal data and, if we do, to obtain a copy of the personal information we hold (this is known as subject access request);
the right to have your data erased (though this will not apply where it is necessary for us to continue to use the data for a lawful reason);
the right to have inaccurate data rectified;
the right to object to your data being used for marketing or profiling; and
where technically feasible, you have the right to personal data you have provided to us which we process automatically on the basis of your consent or the performance of a contract. This information will be provided in a common electronic format.
Please keep in mind that there are exceptions to the rights above and, though we will always try to respond to your satisfaction, there may be situations where we are unable to do so.
Complaints
You can complain directly by contacting Cedar Associates using our contact details outlined above. If you are not happy with our response, or you believe that your data protection or privacy rights have been infringed, you can complain to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office which regulates and enforces data protection law in the UK. Details of how to do this can be found at www.ico.org.uk
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We’ll amend this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure it remains up-to-date and accurately reflects how and why we use personal data. The current version of our Privacy Policy will always be posted on our website.
Questions
Any questions you have in relation to this policy or how we use your personal data should be sent to info@cedarassociates.co.uk or addressed to Cedar Associates Management Development Ltd, The Stables, Broadwell House Farm, Broadwell. CV23 8HF.
Last updated July 2018.