https://celerosft.com/en-us/privacy-policies
Privacy Policy
Celeros Flow Technology, and all subsidiaries and affiliates (“Celeros”, “Company” or “we”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy details the steps we take to protect your personal information when you visit any of our websites or applications that contain a link to this Privacy Policy or when you contact the Company.
1) Collection of Information
When you visit our sites, we may ask you for personal information to provide a service or carry out a transaction that you have requested. You may also provide personal information to us when you contact us (e.g., with a comment, inquiry or customer support request) or register for an account to use our sites. The personal information we collect from you when you use our Sites may include:
Identity data, such as your name, title, company/organization name, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and physical address (including street, city, state, postal code, and/or country); Registration data, such as information provided by you when you register for an account to use our sites, including user names and passwords; Recruitment data, including information submitted in connection with a job application or inquiry; Marketing and communications data, including your marketing preferences and your subscriptions to our publications; Financial information, including credit card or other financial account information for the purpose of enabling us to facilitate your purchase of Company products and services that may be available on our sites; Export control information, such as your nationality, citizenship and country of residence, that allows us to determine your eligibility under export control regulations to receive information about certain technologies; Transaction data, including inquiries about and orders for our products and services and details of payments to and from you; Event registration information, including information you provide when filling in e-registration forms; and Your feedback, including feedback from you about our Sites as well as our products and services generally.When you do not provide requested information, we may not be able to provide you the requested service or complete your transaction.
We collect certain information about your visit to our sites, including:
Usage data, including information about how you use our sites, what pages you view, the number of bytes transferred, the links you click, the materials you access, the date and time you access the Site, the website from which you linked to one of our Sites and other actions taken within the Sites; andTechnical data,such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and capabilities and language and your operating system.For information about the cookies we use on our sites, please refer to the section entitled “Cookies” below.
2) Use of Information
We may use the personal information collected via our Sites or when you contact us for purposes that include:
Services and transactions. We may use your personal information to deliver services to you or carry out transactions you have requested, including, but not limited to, providing information on Company products or services you have purchased or otherwise use, registering purchased products, processing product orders, handling warranty claims, replacing product manuals, answering customer service requests and facilitating the use of our Sites. Administering and protecting our business and Sites. We may use your personal information to administer and protect our business and our Sites, including troubleshooting, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data. Improving our business, Sites, products and services. We may use your personal information to perform business analyses or for other purposes that help us to develop and improve the quality of our business, Sites, products and services (including new products and services), for example, by customizing our Sites to your particular preferences or interests. Marketing. In accordance with applicable laws and regulations, we may use your personal information to inform you of products or services which may be of interest to you, and to otherwise communicate with you about offerings, events and news, surveys, special offers, and related topics. You are able to opt-out from marketing communications sent via e-mail at any time, free of charge by using the “unsubscribe” link in any e-mail marketing materials you receive from us, or by contacting us using the contact information listed in this Privacy Statement. Depending on your country of residence, you may also be able to opt out of other types of marketing communications; please contact us using the contact information listed in the Privacy Statement for more information. Employment applications. In connection with a job application or inquiry, you may provide us with information about yourself, such as a resume/curriculum vitae, professional references, information about education and job background, and information about professional training and certifications. We and members of our group may use this information for the purpose of employment consideration, and as otherwise set forth in any separate privacy statement or other notice made available to in connection with your application. Research and analysis. We may use your personal information to conduct research and analysis to help us analyze your purchasing preferences, identify the products and services that best meet your requirements and measure the effectiveness of the advertising we serve you. Enforcement: We may use the personal information we collect in order to detect, prevent and respond to fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of our terms and conditions, violations of law or other misuse of our Sites.Where permitted by law, we may combine the information that we collect via our Sites with other information we hold about you (such as information about your use of our products and services) in order to offer you an improved and consistent customer experience when interacting with us or for other purposes set forth in this Privacy Statement.
3) Bases for Processing Information
Where required by law, we will ensure there is a legal basis for the processing of your personal information. In most cases the legal basis will be that:
the processing is necessary for the performance our obligations to you or the provision of services we provide to you; the processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, including compliance with applicable laws, regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders or subpoenas; the processing is based on your consent to the processing of your personal information for one or more specified purposes (e.g. marketing); or the processing is necessary to meet our legitimate interests, for example to develop and improve our sites, products and/or services for the benefit of our business partners. 5) Duration for Which Information is Stored
The period during which we store your personal information varies depending on the purpose for the processing. For example, we store personal information needed to provide you with products and services, or to facilitate transactions you have requested, so long as you are a business partner of the company. We store your personal information for marketing purposes until you have opted out of receiving further direct marketing communications. If you submit an employment application via our sites, we will retain details of your application as set forth in this Privacy Policy or other notice made available to you in connection with your application. In all other cases, we store your personal information for as long as is needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.
6) Disclosure of Information
We may share your personal information with selected third parties in accordance with applicable law, including as set out below.
Celeros Flow Technology. We may share your personal information within Celeros as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. Service providers. We may share your personal information with companies with which the Company has contracted to provide services on our behalf, such as hosting websites, conducting marketing activities and surveys, processing transactions, analyzing our sites and performing analyses to improve the quality of our business, sites, products and services. We require these service providers to protect the confidentiality of your personal information. Business partners. We may share your personal information with third parties that distribute our products and other business partners for purposes of providing products and services to you, and for marketing purposes. Transactional disclosures. In connection with transactions, we may disclose your personal information to financial institutions, government entities and shipping companies or postal services involved in fulfillment of the transaction. Acquisitions or divestitures. Circumstances may arise where for strategic or other business reasons the Company decides to sell, buy, divest, merge or otherwise reorganize businesses in some countries. We may disclose information we maintain about you to the extent reasonably necessary to proceed with the negotiation or completion of a merger, acquisition, divestiture or sale of all or a portion of the Company’s assets. Disclosure for other reasons. We may disclose personal information if required or authorized to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with legal requirements or with legal process served on us, to protect and defend our rights or property or, in urgent circumstances, to protect the personal safety of any individual. 7) International Transfers
By using or accessing our sites or contacting us and giving your information to us, you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be collected in, transferred to and accessed by the Company, suppliers, distributors and other business partners and/or agents located in countries outside of your country or residence.
Where required, we have put in place appropriate safeguards with our business partners to ensure that transfers of personal information outside the EEA are adequately protected. These safeguards typically comprise the EU Standard Contractual Clauses in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation.
8) Security
We are committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, including implementation of such security measures as may be required by applicable law. No information system, however, is completely secure, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information. Additionally, we are not responsible for the security of information you transmit to the Company’s sites over networks that we do not control.
9) Cookies
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information that are downloaded to your computer when you visit one of our Sites. Cookies are useful because they help arrange the content and layout of our sites and allow us to recognize those computers or other devices that have been to our sites Previously. Cookies allow our sites to remember your preference settings and helping us to enhance the usability and performance of our sites and your experience using them.
Our sites also may contain electronic images known as web beacons – sometimes called single-pixel gifs – that allow us to count the number of users who have visited specific pages. We may also include web beacons in promotional email messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.
You can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies and you can withdraw your consent at any time by modifying the settings of your browser to reject or disable cookies or by opting out of specific cookies through the opt-out options shared below. If you choose to decline cookies altogether, you may not be able to fully experience the features of the Sites that you visit.
10) AnalyticsWe use industry standard web analytics to track visits to our sites (“Analytics Providers”). The information generated by the cookie about your use of our sites (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by our Analytic Providers on their servers. Analytics Providers may use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our sites, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Web Analytics Providers may also transfer this information to third parties where third parties process the information on their behalf.
11) Your Rights
You may have certain rights with respect to personal information about you that is collected through the Celeros Flow Technologies’s sites or when you contact the Company. If you are located in the EEA, the rights described below may apply to you. For other users, the rights that apply to you will depend on the laws of your country of location. We will facilitate your exercise of the rights that apply to you. For more information about your rights, please contact Celeros’s Data Privacy Officer using the contact details at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Access. You may have the right to access, review and correct personal information collected through Celeros Flow Technologies sites or when you contact the Company. In some cases, you can do this by going to the page on which you provided the information. Object. You may be entitled to object to certain types of processing activities involving your personal information, including where we process your personal information for direct marketing. Erasure. You may be entitled to request erasure of your personal information, for example, where the information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected. Data portability. You may be entitled to receive and reuse your personal information for your own purposes. You may request that we move, copy or transfer your personal information from our systems to you or, where technically feasible, a third party chosen by you without affecting its usability. Consent. If you have provided your consent to the processing of your personal information, you may have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us using the contact details at the end of this Privacy Policy or, in the case of email marketing, by using the unsubscribe link in any of our marketing emails. We will respond to any requests from you to exercise your rights within the timeframes required by law. We may charge a fee to facilitate your request where permitted by law. To exercise any of your rights, please contact us using the contact details set out at the end of this Privacy Policy. We may take steps to verify your identity before taking action on a request. If you believe our processing of your personal information does not comply with data protection law, you can make a complaint to the supervisory authority in charge of overseeing compliance with data protection law in your jurisdiction. We, however, would appreciate the opportunity to address your concerns, so please feel free to contact us regarding any complaint you may have.
12) Children’s Information
We do not knowingly collect information from children and do not target or direct our sites to children.
13) Links to Other Websites
Our sites may contain links to third-party websites, products and services. We have no liability or responsibility for those websites, products and services, their policies, or their collection or other processing of your personal information. The practices of those third parties with respect to information collected through their websites, products or services is governed by their own privacy policies. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those third parties.
14) Contact us
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy or our handling of your personal information, would like to lodge a complaint, would like to exercise your rights or wish to contact our Data Protection Officer for any reason, please use the contact information listed below. We will promptly address your concern and strive to reach a satisfactory resolution.
Email : celeros.data.privacy@celerosft.com
Mailing Address : Celeros Flow Technology Attn: Data Privacy Officer14045 Ballantyne Corporate PlaceCharlotte, NC 28277
Back to top