http://centralprecast.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our updates, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When registering on our site, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or phone number. What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your inquiries and questions).
To process transactions (your information, whether public or private, will never be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the service requested).
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website’s privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we make a change to our privacy policy, we update the Privacy Policy modification date. This policy was last modified on August 16, 2019.
Privacy Policy with WordPress & Google Analytics
Are cookies and/or web beacons being used in the website?
For cookies and/or web beacons, WordPress uses cookies to track users who are logging into the site or who leave comments. See WordPress’ full documentation on this here: https://codex.wordpress.org/WordPress_Cookies
No web beacons are being used, unless related to newsletter tracking OR inbound marketing platforms like Hubspot, Marketo Act-on etc. – which analyze individual user behavior and determine which emails sent where opened. Otherwise, The only tracking on the website, are with regards to cookie scripts including Google Analytics, CrazyEgg Heatmap tracking, and potentially Google Adwords.
Are we collecting information about the URL and IP address to analyze trends and/or track visitor movements? If so, Is the website compatible with ‘Do Not Track’ browser functionality?
No, Google Analytics does not take into consideration the ‘Do Not Track’ function in web browsers – however with a small script update, we can respect that functionality.
Is the website using Google Analytics?
Yes, we use Google Analytics.
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google. Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of this website to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal data collected: Cookie and Usage Data. Place of processing: USA. Find Google’s privacy policy here.
© 2020 Central Precast Inc. | Privacy Policy