https://cerbios.swiss/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
PRESS AREA • JOBS
Search:
CDMO ServicesHPAPIs ADCs Live Biotherapeutics Proteins & Antibodies
ProductsDrug Substances Drug Products Animal Health
CompetenciesChemical Biological Living Microorganisms Quality System Health Safety & Environment Project Management
CompanyAbout Cerbios Management Team Facilities Sustainability Certifications
News & EventsNews Events
Contact
Privacy policy
Taking into consideration the provisions of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of persons of these data and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (“GDPR), Cerbios-Pharma SA (“CERBIOS” and/or “Company” and/or “we”) wishes to ensure full observance of the legislation applicable to the data protection domain so as you continue to trust us with your personal data.
This Privacy Notice describes how and what personal data we collect, hold and use when you visit our website, when you send us your resume by means of the website or have any kind of interaction with us, the conditions under which we may disclose the personal data and the manner in which we safely keep such personal data.
For any queries or additional information on how CERBIOS processes your personal data, as well as for exercising your data protection rights, you may contact the appointed Data Protection Officer at the following contact data: info@CERBIOS.ch.
Obtaining your personal data
directly from you
As a rule, we obtain personal data (meaning any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person) directly from you.
As a rule, we will obtain your personal data (such as name, surname and e-mail address) if you wish to be an CERBIOS collaborator or employee and, thus, fill the “Contact Us” form.
If you want to report side effects, we will obtain your personal data if you decide to do so.
At a minimum, you will need to provide the following:
Your name and contact information (postal address or email or telephone number) in your capacity of report (namely the person who is reporting the issue) and your qualification (if you are a healthcare professional); The initials of the person who experienced the possible side effect and/or other identifiers, such as date of birth, age / group of age, gender, gestational period;
A description of the possible side effect itself, such as the signs and symptoms experienced, date the possible side effect started and the result of the possible side effect;
The name of the (CERBIOS) product involved.
Since, at CERBIOS, we take the safety of our patients and consumers very seriously, it is vital for us to continuously monitor the safety of our products or of the products distributed by us.
By hearing about your experiences and others like you, we are able to offer the best possible advice to those using CERBIOS products or those products that are distributed by CERBIOS.
Obtaining your personal data automatically
or from other sources
There may be cases where we obtain your personal data as a result of your visit on the website (see our Cookie policy).
There may be cases where we obtain your personal data from other sources. Hence, we may obtain your personal data following mergers or as a result of their disclosure by other persons that reported to CERBIOS side effects. In the latter case, we will consider that you authorized the disclosure of your personal data.
Using your personal data
only for identified purposes of processing
Depending on our relationship, we process your personal data if we have your consent, if necessary for the performance of a contract, if necessary for us to comply with the legal obligations or in order for us to satisfy certain legitimate interests that do not prevail over your rights and fundamental freedoms.
If we process your personal data based on your consent (for example, in those cases where you accept to receive scientific materials from us), you will have the possibility to withdraw your consent.
Additionally, we may process your personal data for the performance of the contract concluded between us as well as in order for us to comply with our legal obligations or in order to cooperate with competent authorities, as the case may be.
Without prejudice to your rights and fundamental freedoms, we may also process your personal data in order for us to satisfy certain legitimate interests such as infraction prevention, detection and investigations, including fraud and money laundering or financing of terrorist acts, analysis and administration of commercial risks, in relation with any claim, action or procedure (including, but not limited to, drafting and reviewing documents, drafting necessary documents for the conclusion of a transaction, obtaining legal advice and facilitating settlements) and/or protection or exercise of contractual and legal rights and obligations, cooperation with public authorities.
What we do
with your data
Since this website is operated by CERBIOS and its affiliates (“We” and/or “CERBIOS”), we will disclose your personal data to our affiliates.
Furthermore, we may disclose your personal data to our collaborators or partners, such as IT partners, auditors or legal consultants, public authorities or bodies.
Any transfer of personal data outside the European Economic Area will be conducted with the observance of the legal provisions, by applying appropriate safeguards, such as standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission, and notifying you, as the case may be.
Our Website does not collect or compile personally identifying information for sale to non-CERBIOS parties for consumer marketing purposes.
Privacy Statement
for Children
Our website is directed at an adult audience. We do not purposely process any personal data from anyone we know to be under the age of 16. Personal data of persons under the age of 16 will be processed only with prior consent of the parent or holder of parental responsibility. Such legal representative has the right, upon request, to view the information provided by the child and/or to require that it be deleted.
Security
of your personal data
CERBIOS processes personal data in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the personal data, including protection against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage, using appropriate technical or organizational measures.
Your rights
With regards to your personal data processed by CERBIOS through this website, you have following rights:
right of access, meaning the right to obtain a confirmation from our part as to whether or not your personal data is processed, as well as access to personal data and information on the processing;
right to rectification, meaning the right to have, without undue delay, the rectification of inaccurate personal data and/or the completion of incomplete personal data;
right to erasure/right to be forgotten, meaning the right to erase personal data without undue delay if these data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes of processing for which they were collected and there is no other legal ground for processing, if personal data were unlawfully collected or they must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation;
right to restriction of processing applicable if (i) the accuracy of the personal data is contested by you, (ii) processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of the personal data, requesting in exchange the restriction of their use, (iii) we do not longer need the personal data, but you require them for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, (iv) you objected to the processing pending the verification whether our legitimate grounds override yours;
right to object to the processing, except for the cases where we prove that we have legitimate reasons for the processing of your personal data, reasons that override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the ascertaining, exercise or defense of a * right in front of a court of law;
right to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal;
right to data portability, meaning the right to receive your personal data that you provided us with for the purposes stated in the hereby notice, in a structure, commonly used and machine-readable format, as well as the right to transmit these data to another controller;
right to lodge a complaint with Persónuvernd, Rauðarárstíg 10, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland (postur@personuvernd.is);
right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects or similarly affects you, except for the case where such processing is necessary for the performance of a contract or authorized by law.
With the exception of the case where you exercise your right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority as shown above, you may exercise any right by sending a request:
by e-mail: at info@cerbios.ch; or
at http://www.cerbios.ch/contact/
For how long we will keep
your personal data
Depending on our relationship, we will store your personal data for the period of time necessary for us to comply with the specific legal obligations in our business area or in accordance with the applicable statute of limitation (for example, 10 years from the termination of the contractual relationship) or for the observance of the archiving obligations imposed by the applicable legislation (for example, the legislation specific to financial area).
Changes
to privacy notice
We keep our Privacy Notice under regular review and we will place any updates on this page, without prior notice. However, processing of your personal data shall follow the directions notified within the applicable Privacy Notice, in effect upon the collection date.
Go to Top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Further information can be found in the cookie policy. Read More ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.