https://certified-laboratories.com/privacy-policy/
Need help? Call 1-800-CERT-LAB
corp@certified-laboratories.com
CertLabLINK
View Our ISO Accreditation Documents
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the www.certified-laboratories.com, www.certlablink.com and Certified Laboratories and its affiliates and governs information collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Certified Laboratories include www.certified-laboratories.com, www.certlablink.com and CL. The CL websites are an information site. By using the CL websites, you consent to the information practices described in this statement.
YOUR RIGHTS
When using our website and submitting personal information to us, you may have certain rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other laws. Depending on the legal basis for processing your personal Information, you may have some or all of the following rights:
The right to be informed
You have the right to be informed about the personal information we collect from you, and how we process it.
The right of access
You have the right to get confirmation that your personal information is being processed and have the ability to access your personal information.
The right to rectification
You have the right to have your personal information corrected if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to erasure (right to be forgotten)
You have the right to request the removal or deletion of your personal information if there is no compelling reason for us to continue processing it.
The right to restrict processing
You have a right to ‘block’ or restrict the processing of your personal information When your personal information is restricted, we are permitted to store your information, but not to process it further.
The right to information portability
You have the right to request and get your personal information that you provided to us and use it for your own purposes. We will provide your information to you within 30 days of your request. To request your personal information, please contact us using the information at the bottom of this privacy notice.
The right to object
You have the right to object to us processing your personal information for the following reasons:
Processing was based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling);
Direct marketing (including profiling); and
Processing for purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics.
Rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling.
Automated individual decision-making and profiling
You will have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
Filing a complaint with authorities
You have the right to file a complaint with supervisory authorities if your information has not been processed in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation. If the supervisory authorities fail to address your complaint properly, you may have the right to a judicial remedy.
For details about your rights under the law, visit https://goo.gl/F41vAV
Collection of your Personal Information CL may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by CL. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the CL website.
CL encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from CL so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. CL is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the CL website.
Use of your Personal Information CL collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
CL may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from CL and its affiliates. CL may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
CL does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
CL may share information with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to CL, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
CL may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within CL, in order to determine what CL services are the most popular. This information is used to deliver customized content and advertising within CL to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
CL will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on CL or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of CL; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of CL, or the public.
Use of Cookies The CL website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize CL pages, or register with CL site or services, a cookie helps CL to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same CL website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the CL features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the CL services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information CL secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Children Under Thirteen CL does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Transferring Personal Information from the European Union Personal Information that we collect from you may be stored, processed, and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate, specifically the United States (GovCloud in Amazon Web Services). The Article 29 Working Party has approved the AWS Data Processing Addendum, which includes the Model Clauses. The Article 29 Working Party has found that the AWS Data Processing Addendum meets the requirements of the Directive with respect to Model Clauses. For European Union customers and users, with your consent, your Personal Information may be transferred outside the European Union to the United States. We will use your Personal Information to provide the goods, services, and/or information you request from us to perform a contract with you or to satisfy a legitimate interest of our company in a manner that does not outweigh your freedoms and rights. Wherever we transfer, process or store your Personal Information, we will take reasonable steps to protect it. We will use the information we collect from you in accordance with our privacy notice. By using our website, services, or products, you agree to the transfers of your Personal Information described within this section.
Changes to this Statement CL will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. CL encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how CL is protecting your information
Contact Information CL welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that CL has not adhered to this Statement, please contact CL at:
Certified Laboratories 65 Marcus Drive Melville, NY 11747
Email Address: corp@certified-laboratories.com Telephone number: 516-576-1400
Effective as of November 13, 2018
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site performance and personalize content. By using our site, you consent to our use of cookies.OkPrivacy policy