https://chadwickslids.co.uk/environmental-policy/
Skip to contentHome/Environmental Policy Environmental Policychadadmin2019-01-15T03:30:13+00:00Environmental PolicyChadwicks of Bury Ltd recognise that its business as a manufacturer of printed packaging has an impact on the environment and are committed to continually improving its environmental performance.We aim to achieve this by fully understanding our energy usage and by minimising any adverse environmental effects caused as a result of our activities or processes throughout the company. We are an organisation who builds mutually beneficial, close working relationships with our customers and suppliers in order to share knowledge and reduce our environmental impact.We are committed to our Environmental Management System and its continual development; we understand its importance in providing the framework for setting, measuring, reviewing and ultimately achieving our Environmental objectives.Our objectives are to:o Minimise the energy consumption wherever possible and practicalo Increase the percentage of our waste that is recycled or re-usedo Reduce the amount of packaging materials we useo Recycle all other materials as far as possibleo Source local suppliers wherever practicalo Set up an internal environmental committee to deal with environmental issueso Comply with all current environmental legislation, regulations, codes of practice and applicable legal requirements.This environmental policy is communicated to all personnel who work for or on behalf of our organisation and is available to the public. Ongoing training and communication programmes ensure employees are aware of the companies and their own environmental responsibilities.We recognise our responsibility in implementing this policy to meet our environmental objectives and to encourage a continuing dialogue about concern for the environment at all levels within the company.Download Environmental Policy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Go to Top