https://change-job.com/privacy-policy/
Home
AboutJobs
Clients
Contact
Privacy Policy
Effective date: 5th May 2020Change Job Ltd. (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates this website (the “Service”).This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from this websiteInformation Collection And UseWe collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.Types of Data CollectedPersonal DataWhile using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:• Email address• First name and lastUse of DataChange Job Ltd. uses the collected data for various purposes:• To provide and maintain the Service• To provide customer care and supportDisclosure Of DataLegal RequirementsChange Job Ltd. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:• To comply with a legal obligation• To protect and defend the rights or property of Change Job Ltd.• To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service• To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public• To protect against legal liabilitySecurity Of DataThe security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Service ProvidersWe may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.These third parties may have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.Links To Other SitesOur Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.Changes To This Privacy PolicyWe may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:• By email: info@change-job.com
Clients
Contact
Privacy Policy
Our jobs are listed on Jooble
We have a presence in:
UK
Sweden
Spain
USA
Change Job Ltd
p +44 (0)207 193 8779
e info@change-job.com
www.change-job.com
All content on this site © Change Job Ltd 2020. All rights reserved.
This site uses cookies as explained in our Privacy Policy. If you use this site without adjusting your cookies settings, you agree to our use of cookies.
CLOSE