https://charleebear.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us, and information you provide through this web site will remain confidential until you tell us that we can disclose it. This privacy policy tells you what information we might collect from you, and how we might use it.
Information you choose to provide
You do not have to provide us with any information to use our website. You may choose to provide us with certain personal information so that you may receive further communication from us, such as a newsletter, announcements of company events, or a return phone call.
Material you submit
You acknowledge that you are responsible for any submission you make, including the legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality and copyright of any such material. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the website any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable, or which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content onto the website.
Except for any personally identifiable information we may collect from you in accordance with our Privacy Policy, all remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics or other information that you communicate to Gott Pet Products (“GPP”) through this website will become the property of GPP. GPP and its designees will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use the materials you submit for any and all commercial or noncommercial purposes, without any obligation to compensate you or others for the materials.
Web traffic monitoring
We use software that monitors traffic on our website by recording each visitor’s domain name, browser type, date and time of access, and other similar information. We do not link this data to any specific person who browses the website.
Cookies
This site uses cookies, which are small files stored on your computer, to enhance your experience of the site. The cookies we use do not contain personally identifiable information, and they do not provide any personally identifiable information to us or to anyone else.
Communication from us.
If you provide us with your contact information and indicate that you would like to receive materials from us, we will provide you with those materials and we may contact you by mail, email or other means. If you do not wish to receive further information from us, or you would like to receive only certain kinds of communication from us, just let us know.
Contacting us.
If you would like to change or correct your personal information, or your communication preferences, you may notify us by email, telephone, fax, or postal mail at the addresses and numbers listed below:
Charlee Bear Support Team
P.O. Box 55035
Madison, WI 53705
(608)-238-5252
Toll Free: 800-880-2327
info@charleebear.com
Disclaimer
GPP makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of this site’s content. This site and the materials, information, services and products in this site, including, without limitation, text, graphics, and links, are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, GPP disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, freedom from computer virus, and warranties arising from course of dealing or course of performance. GPP does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. GPP does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their completeness, correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. In addition to the above, you (and not GPP) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction. In certain states, the law may not permit the disclaimer of warranties, so the above disclaimer may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall GPP be liable for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental, exemplary or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever, even if GPP has been previously advised of the possibility of such damages, whether in an action under contract, negligence, or any other theory, arising out of or in connection with the use, inability to use, or performance of the information, services, products, and material available from this site. These limitations shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitations may not apply to you.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless GPP, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your Internet account (including, but not limited to, negligent or wrongful conduct), by you or any other person accessing the website using your Internet account.
Modification of the Website and these Terms
By providing material on this Site, GPP does not promise that the materials will remain available to you. GPP is entitled to terminate all or any portion of this website at any time, without notice to you. GPP also reserves the right to change the terms, conditions and notices for this website at any time by updating this posting and your use of the website following any such changes will constitute your consent to such modified terms.
Follow Us!