http://charolaisbanner.com/newcbsite/privacy/
Home
News & Archives
Events
Charolais History
Charolais Reminiscenses
Provincial Association History
Charolais Families
CCYA History
Association & Breeder Links
Catalogues & Videos
Archive Sale Catalog 2020
Archive Sale Catalog 2019
Archive Sale Catalog 2018
Archive Sale Catalog 2017
Archive Sale Catalog 2016
Archive Sale Catalog 2015
Archive Sale Catalog 2014
Archive Sale Catalog 2013
Archive Sale Catalog 2012
Archive Sale Catalog 2011
Archive Sale Catalog 2010
Archive Sale Catalog 2009
Archive Sale Catalog 2008
Archive Sale Catalog 2007
Commercial Profiles
Profiles of Successful Charcross Operations
International Genetics
Media Kits
Media Kit – Charolais Banner
Media Kit – Charolais Connection
Media Kit – Web Design
Semen
Into the Ring
Privacy
Privacy
The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites respect your privacy and are committed to protect the personal information that you share with us. When we do need your personal information to provide services that you request or when you choose to provide us with your personal information, this policy describes how we collect and use your personal information.
Information Collection
Personal information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, email address, a home, postal or other physical address, other contact information, title, birth date, gender, occupation, industry, personal interests, and other information when needed to provide a service you requested.
When you browse our website, you do so anonymously. We don’t automatically collect personal information, including your email address. We do log your IP address (the Internet address of your computer) to give us an idea of which part of our website you visit and how long you spend there. But we do not link your IP address to any personal information unless you have logged in to our website. Like many other commercial websites, the Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate websites may use a standard technology called a “cookie” to collect information about how you use the site.
The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites collects personal information when you register with when you use certain products or services, when you register to attend a seminar or participate in an online survey, when you ask to be included in an email or other mailing list, or you submit an entry for a sweepstakes or other promotions, or when you submit your personal information to The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites for any other reason. The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites only use such information if it has been collected in accordance with acceptable privacy practices consistent with this Policy and applicable laws.
Access to certain The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites web pages require a login and a password. The use of those web pages, and the information or programs downloadable from those sites, may be governed by a written agreement. Unless you request deletion of your personal information as specified below, your personal information may be retained by The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites to verify compliance with the agreement, log software licenses granted, to track software downloaded from those pages, or track usage of other applications available on those pages.
Notice
When personal information is collected, we will inform you at the point of collection the purpose for the collection. The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites will not transfer your personal information to third parties without your consent, except under the limited conditions described under the discussion entitled “Information Sharing and Disclosure” below.
If you choose to provide us with your personal information, we may only transfer that information, within The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites or to specific third party service providers with your permission.
We will always give you the opportunity to “opt out” of receiving direct marketing or market research information. This means we assume you have given us your consent to collect and use your information in accordance with this Policy unless you take affirmative action to indicate that you do not consent, for instance by clicking or checking the appropriate option or box at the point of collection. In some cases, when applicable, we will provide you with the opportunity to “opt in.” This means we will require your affirmative action to indicate your consent before we use your information for purposes other than the purpose for which it was submitted.
Cookies and Tracking Technology
A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you’ve visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Some parts of The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites website use cookies to track user traffic patterns. We do this in order to determine the usefulness of our website information to our users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information.
If you prefer not to receive cookies while browsing our website, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser, although you may not be able to take full advantage of The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites website if you do so. In particular, you may be required to accept cookies in order to complete certain actions on our website. You do not need to have cookies turned on, however, to use/navigate through many parts of our website, except access to certain of The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites web pages may require a login and password.
How We Use Information Collected
The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites uses information for several general purposes: to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, to personalize your experience on our website, to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers or other information we think you’d like to hear about either from us or from our business partners, and to better understand your needs and provide you with better services. We may also use your information to send you, or to have our business partners send you, information or contact you for market research.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Because The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites have world wide exposure, your personal information may be shared with other Charolais offices or subsidiaries around the world. All such entities are governed by this Privacy Policy or are bound by the appropriate confidentiality and data transfer agreements.
Your personal information is never shared outside The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites without your permission, except under conditions explained below. All data is stored within secure servers.
The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites may send your personal information to other companies or people under any of the following circumstances: when we have your consent to share the information; we need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested; we need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites to provide a product or service to you (we will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose); or we want to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers or other information we think you’d like to hear about either from us or from our business partners (unless you have opted out of these types of communications). We will also disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, to enforce our Terms of Use, or in urgent circumstances, to protect personal safety, the public or our websites.
Your Ability to Review and Delete Your Account and Information
If you are a registered The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites user, you can review your personal information by a emailing a request to adminatelinx.net. You may also request deletion of your The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites account or any of your personal information held by us by sending an email to info@charolaisbanner.com.
Data Security
Your Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites account information is password-protected for your privacy and security. The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites safeguard the security of the data you send us with physical, electronic, and managerial procedures. In certain areas of our websites, The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to enhance the security of data transmissions. While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure the security of the information you transmit to us, and so we urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. Change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use a secure browser.
Children and Privacy
Our websites do not target and are not intended to attract children under the age of 13. The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites do not knowingly solicit personal information from children under the age of 13 or send them requests for personal information.
Third Party Sites
The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites website contain links to other sites. The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites do not share your personal information with those websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies.
Our website may contain links to websites operated by other companies. Some of these third-party sites may be co-branded with a The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by Charolais Banner or By Livestock. Although we choose our business partners carefully, The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites are not responsible for the privacy practices of web sites operated by third parties that are linked to our site. Once you have left our website, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party website to determine how they will handle any information they collect from you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock and their affiliate sites will amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will make that information available by posting a notice on this site.
Questions or Suggestions
If you have questions or concerns about our collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information, please email us through the addresses provided in our contact pages.
*Affiliate sites are those sites created by the Charolais Banner and/or By Livestock that reside on the Charolais Banner or By Livestock space. These affiliated sites will be marked with an * on the Breeders Link page or will have a distinct brand at the bottom of each page. We hold no responsibility for content or operations the sites that are linked to the Charolais Banner, By Livestock or any of their affiliated websites.