https://chaselogeman.com/privacy-policy/
AboutNewsContact UsParts & Service
Privacy PolicyHome > Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyWe value your trust and take your privacy very seriously. The following Privacy Policy describes how this site (chaselogeman.com) collects and uses information about visitors. If you have any questions that are not answered here, please feel free to contact us.Information CollectedChase-Logeman Corporation (henceforth “we”) collects information on chaselogeman.com (henceforth “site” or “website”) through the use of cookies. A cookie is a small file placed on your computer, smartphone, or tablet via your web browser. We use these cookies to compile aggregate information about visits to our website and to track the results of our own marketing and advertising. You may choose to accept or decline cookies using your browser settings.As part of our information collection, we may use third-party cookies, specifically the Google Analytics, to gain data from Google’s interest-based advertising and third party audience data (such as age, gender and interest). If you wish to opt out of Google Analytics tracking, you can visit the Ads Preferences Manager or opt out browser add-on.Personally Identifiable InformationInformation that allows you to be identified as a particular person (such as your name, address or phone number) is considered “personally identifiable information.” We do not collect such data without your consent and we do not merge this information with the aggregate information gathered using Google Analytics, discussed above.Information UsageInformation collected through the use of cookies will be used to improve our presentation of content to you, better understand how you interact with our site content and to keep in contact with you. One of the ways that we may keep in contact with you is through the use of retargeting. Our site or third-party sites may use the information gathered with cookies to serve ads to you based on past visits to this or other sites. If you wish to opt out of receiving these ads, you can visit Google’s Ads Preferences Manager.We do not sell or provide your information to vendors or other third-party organizations.Changes to this Privacy PolicyIt is the position of Chase-Logeman Corporation to post any changes of this Privacy Policy to this page. It is your responsibility to periodically visit this page to check for changes. To ask questions about this privacy policies, please contact us. We will need to use a cookie to remember the choices that you have made within our cookie privacy manager. This will have a couple of consequences:If you delete all your cookies you may have to update your preferences with us again.If you use a different device or browser you may have to tell us your preferences again.Strictly Necessary CookiesThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site may not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Performance CookiesThese cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.Functional CookiesThese cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services (such as YouTube®) we may have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Targeting CookiesChase-Logeman Corporation does not use targeting cookies. Don’t see what you’re looking for? Have questions? Call us at 336-665-0754.
Contact Us