https://chicagobooth.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Chicago Booth Manufacturing Inc. Privacy Policy has been compiled to inform users about how their personal information is being used on this site. Please carefully review our Privacy Policy to get a better understanding of how we collect, use, protect, and handle your personal information.
What kind of personal information does Chicago Booth Manufacturing Inc. collect?
The information that we collect includes your name, email address, and other personal details provided when you order something or register on our site. This information is used to personalize your experience on chicagobooth.com.
When is my personal information collected?
Your personal information is collected when you register on our site, subscribe to a newsletter, place an order on our site, respond to a marketing communication, or access your personal account information.
How does Chicago Booth Manufacturing Inc. use my personal information?
We reserve the right to use your collected personal information in the following ways:
To personalize your experience on our site in order to deliver better content and to offer products that are more appropriate to your interests.
To change our site so that it better serves you and your individual needs.
To better respond to future customer service questions and requests.
To enact contests, promotions, or surveys.
To process your orders quickly and without delays.
To send you emails in relation to your completed order or other products in which you have expressed interest.
How do you protect my personal information?
Chicago Booth Manufacturing Inc. takes every measure possible to ensure the safety of your personal information. In addition to using Malware detection software, we also keep personal information stored behind secured networks. These networks are only accessible by authorized personnel who have been granted special access. All sensitive information and credit information is encrypted to ensure the utmost security.
Chicago Booth Manufacturing Inc. uses a variety of security measures to ensure your personal information is safe. We never store transactions on our servers, and all sensitive and credit information in encrypted using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
Does your website use “cookies?”
Yes. Our site uses cookies to:
Keep track of and process the items in your cart.
Understand your preferences and save those preferences for future transactions.
Track on-site advertisements.
Offer a better site experience by collecting cumulative data about site traffic and interactions.
Chicago Booth Manufacturing Inc. reserves the right to use trusted third-party systems to track user information.
You have the option to have your computer warn you when a cookie is being sent. You also have the option to turn off all cookies by going through your browser’s settings. You should note that some features of our site will be disabled if cookies are disabled on your browser. The overall user experience will not be affected and you can still place orders; however, certain site sections may not work efficiently.
Do you disclose personal information to third-parties?
No. Chicago Booth Manufacturing Inc. does not sell, trade, or transfer personal information to outside sites or parties.
User Consent
By using chicagobooth.com, you consent to our online privacy policy as written on this page.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Chicago Booth Manufacturing Inc. reserves the right to change our Privacy Policy at our discretion. We will post all changes to the Privacy Policy on this page. Furthermore, this Privacy Policy is intended to apply solely to information collected online through this website.
Please contact us if you have any questions or cosncerns in regards to this Privacy Policy. You can go to our Contact Us page or use the information listed below:
5000 W. Roosevelt RoadChicago, IL 60644
Email: sales@chicagobooth.comPhone: (773) 378-8400
×
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Email Address