https://chiefind.com/privacy-policy/
Select LanguageArabicChinese (Simplified)DutchEnglishFrenchGermanItalianPortugueseRussianSpanish
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our website. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Use of the site constitutes acceptance of this policy.
Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this website only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when you provide it to us as well as demographic and interest information. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, and to provide feedback to our performance and customer service.
Website Analytics
When you visit any site, your computer sends a request with a unique identifier known as an IP address. An IP address can be tied to your identity or to the location from which you visit our site. Your computer usually tells us other information, such as what operating system and browser you are using. We collect the information your computer supplies. You should be aware that the information supplied by your visit can be tied together to identify you.
We use cookies and other tracking technology. We use the information provided by this technology to understand how people use the site and how we can make it work better. Some cookies are used to improve your visit to the website. We may use third parties to help us assemble and review the information from our web site, but we do not authorize them to contact you, or provide your information to anyone else.
Distribution of Information
We do not provide your information to anyone else for marketing purposes. We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. In addition, third parties may have access to information you supply or we collect if they help us with our web site.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using our online form.
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy at anytime. Any changes to this policy will be posted here.
Last revised: January 2020.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. OkLearn More