https://chimneykeepers.com/ck-wordpress/privacy-policy/
Follow
Review
Serving Raleigh, Garner, Clayton, Cary, Apex, Fuquay-Varina & surrounding areas since 1993.919-772-8110, email chimneykeepers@gmail.com
Your Chimney, Dryer Vent, & Gas Log Repair Solution!
Skip to content
Home
Services
Chimney Cleaning
Chimney Repairs
Dryer Vent Cleaning
Chase Tops for Pre-Fab Chimneys
Inspections
Power Washing
Waterproofing
Chimney Crown Repair
Rust on side of chimney structure, what can it mean??
Products We Sell
FAQ’s
About Us
Resources
Contact
Blog
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Chimney Keepers collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the chimneykeepers.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Chimney Keepers.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Chimney Keepers may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
– To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
– To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
– To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Changes to this privacy policy
Chimney Keepers has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Chimney Keepers
1602 S. Wade Ave
Garner NC 27529-4572
919-792-8577
chimneykeepers.com
This document was last updated on August 30, 2013
Our Services
Gas Log Service
Chimney Cleaning
Chimney Repairs
Chase Top Repair
Dryer Vent Cleaning
Levels of Chimney Inspection
Power Washing
Waterproofing
Featured Products
Chimney Caps
Chase Tops for Pre-Fab Chimneys
Top Mount Dampers
Drop-In Liner Dampers for Chimney Pipes
GLASS for Gas Fireplaces, Fireplace Tempered and Woodstove Ceramic
Replacement Mesh Panels
Custom Recessed Screens
The Fireback Heat Reflector/Shield
Fireplace Smoke Guards
FAQs
Informative Articles
A Sweep Can Do So Much MORE Than A Log?
That Mysterious Soot Might Be From Candles
The trouble with buying SEASONED firewood
The Masonry Stoves of Europe gain a Strong Foothold in North America
Who will clean out your dryer vent?
Passing the Hat
From
Karen and Carl Newton
To
Sarah and Will Gilfillan
Owning and operating Chimney Keepers for 27 years has been a very rewarding experience, and we have enjoyed the relationships we have built with our customers. We are now starting a new chapter and are selling the business to one of our Technicians. Though we will miss the many relationships and friendships we have built over the years, Karen and I are looking forward to traveling full time in our Airstream as we explore the nooks and crannies of North America.
We would like to take this opportunity to introduce you to Will and Sarah Gilfillan, who will be taking over Chimney Keepers as of March 30, 2020. Rest assured, Will has been well trained (by Carl!) and is very competent, with nearly four years of experience in the gas log/fireplace/ chimney service industry and over ten years as a firefighter. Sarah, the Office Manager/wife is a fast learner, and will do wonders in assisting you with scheduling appointments and answering questions. It was important to us to find a good fit for our customers, and we feel confident that you will find Will and Sarah to be knowledgeable and a pleasure to work with.
Thank you for your business over the years. It was my distinct pleasure to have been of service to you, and I wish you continued success and prosperity in the years to come.
Sincerely, Karen and Carl Newton
Is Your Wood-burning or Gas-burning Fireplaces ready for Winter?
Is your Fireplace or Gas Log unit ready to go? If not, or for a service, give us a call.
During a power outage, a fireplace or gas log unit may be your only form of heat, so make sure they are working in top form. Give us a call to set up an appointment, 919-772-8110.
PS: If you do NOT have a Carbon Monoxide detector and you have gas logs, GET ONE… NOW… We recommend the combination CO/Smoke, battery-powered, detectors found at Lowe’s, Home Depot, or most hardware stores.
If yours are over 10 years old, replace them (there’s a date on back). If there is not a date of manufacture on the back, GET rid of it.
Interesting Info/Links
Want to find out more about vacation rentals? Timeshare Resorts.
Own Timeshare and exchange with RCI? You need to read this info. IT'S IMPORTANT TO LEARN MORE. Tug2.net
Find out ways to save energy around your home. Visit Alliance To Save Energy.
Chimney Keepers
Apex NC 27502
919-772-8110
chimneykeepers@gmail.com
Terms of Service | Privacy Policy
For appointments call 919-772-8110
Chimney
Fireplace Cleaning , Dryer Vent Cleaning,
Gas Log Service, Gas Log Repair, Direct Vent Gas Inserts Service, Serving Raleigh, Garner, Clayton, Cary, Apex, Fuquay-Varina, NC
& surrounding areas since 1994.
We accept Visa, MasterCard and Discover Card, Cash & Personal checks for payment & Fresh eggs etc as tips.. :)
Copyright © 1999-2020 Chimney Keepers
All rights reserved
Powered by: 2mhost.com
Domain: goDaddy.com
Backend