https://chimneykeepers.com/ck-wordpress/terms-of-service/
Follow
Review
Serving Raleigh, Garner, Clayton, Cary, Apex, Fuquay-Varina & surrounding areas since 1993.919-772-8110, email chimneykeepers@gmail.com
Your Chimney, Dryer Vent, & Gas Log Repair Solution!
Skip to content
Home
Services
Chimney Cleaning
Chimney Repairs
Dryer Vent Cleaning
Chase Tops for Pre-Fab Chimneys
Inspections
Power Washing
Waterproofing
Chimney Crown Repair
Rust on side of chimney structure, what can it mean??
Products We Sell
FAQ’s
About Us
Resources
Contact
Blog
Terms of Service
Introduction
Welcome to chimneykeepers.com. This website is owned and operated by Chimney Keepers. By visiting our website and accessing the information, resources, services, products, and tools we provide, you understand and agree to accept and adhere to the following terms and conditions as stated in this policy (hereafter referred to as ‘User Agreement’), along with the terms and conditions as stated in our Privacy Policy (please refer to the Privacy Policy section below for more information).
This agreement is in effect as of August 30, 2013.
We reserve the right to change this User Agreement from time to time without notice. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this User Agreement periodically to familiarize yourself with any modifications. Your continued use of this site after such modifications will constitute acknowledgment and agreement of the modified terms and conditions.
Responsible Use and Conduct
By visiting our website and accessing the information, resources, services, products, and tools we provide for you, either directly or indirectly (hereafter referred to as ‘Resources’), you agree to use these Resources only for the purposes intended as permitted by (a) the terms of this User Agreement, and (b) applicable laws, regulations and generally accepted online practices or guidelines.
Wherein, you understand that:
a. In order to access our Resources, you may be required to provide certain information about yourself (such as identification, contact details, etc.) as part of the registration process, or as part of your ability to use the Resources. You agree that any information you provide will always be accurate, correct, and up to date.
b. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any login information associated with any account you use to access our Resources. Accordingly, you are responsible for all activities that occur under your account/s.
c. Accessing (or attempting to access) any of our Resources by any means other than through the means we provide, is strictly prohibited. You specifically agree not to access (or attempt to access) any of our Resources through any automated, unethical or unconventional means.
d. Engaging in any activity that disrupts or interferes with our Resources, including the servers and/or networks to which our Resources are located or connected, is strictly prohibited.
e. Attempting to copy, duplicate, reproduce, sell, trade, or resell our Resources is strictly prohibited.
f. You are solely responsible any consequences, losses, or damages that we may directly or indirectly incur or suffer due to any unauthorized activities conducted by you, as explained above, and may incur criminal or civil liability.
g. We may provide various open communication tools on our website, such as blog comments, blog posts, public chat, forums, message boards, newsgroups, product ratings and reviews, various social media services, etc. You understand that generally we do not pre-screen or monitor the content posted by users of these various communication tools, which means that if you choose to use these tools to submit any type of content to our website, then it is your personal responsibility to use these tools in a responsible and ethical manner. By posting information or otherwise using any open communication tools as mentioned, you agree that you will not upload, post, share, or otherwise distribute any content that:
i. Is illegal, threatening, defamatory, abusive, harassing, degrading, intimidating, fraudulent, deceptive, invasive, racist, or contains any type of suggestive, inappropriate, or explicit language;
ii. Infringes on any trademark, patent, trade secret, copyright, or other proprietary right of any party;
iii. Contains any type of unauthorized or unsolicited advertising;
iiii. Impersonates any person or entity, including any chimneykeepers.com employees or representatives.
We have the right at our sole discretion to remove any content that, we feel in our judgment does not comply with this User Agreement, along with any content that we feel is otherwise offensive, harmful, objectionable, inaccurate, or violates any 3rd party copyrights or trademarks. We are not responsible for any delay or failure in removing such content. If you post content that we choose to remove, you hereby consent to such removal, and consent to waive any claim against us.
h. We do not assume any liability for any content posted by you or any other 3rd party users of our website. However, any content posted by you using any open communication tools on our website, provided that it doesn’t violate or infringe on any 3rd party copyrights or trademarks, becomes the property of Chimney Keepers, and as such, gives us a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, publish, publicly display and/or distribute as we see fit. This only refers and applies to content posted via open communication tools as described, and does not refer to information that is provided as part of the registration process, necessary in order to use our Resources. All information provided as part of our registration process is covered by our privacy policy.
i. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Chimney Keepers and its parent company and affiliates, and their directors, officers, managers, employees, donors, agents, and licensors, from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of this User Agreement or the failure to fulfill any obligations relating to your account incurred by you or any other person using your account. We reserve the right to take over the exclusive defense of any claim for which we are entitled to indemnification under this User Agreement. In such event, you shall provide us with such cooperation as is reasonably requested by us.
Privacy
Your privacy is very important to us, which is why we’ve created a separate Privacy Policy in order to explain in detail how we collect, manage, process, secure, and store your private information. Our privacy policy is included under the scope of this User Agreement. To read our privacy policy in its entirety, click here.
Limitation of Warranties
By using our website, you understand and agree that all Resources we provide are “as is” and “as available”. This means that we do not represent or warrant to you that:
i) the use of our Resources will meet your needs or requirements.
ii) the use of our Resources will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or free from errors.
iii) the information obtained by using our Resources will be accurate or reliable, and
iv) any defects in the operation or functionality of any Resources we provide will be repaired or corrected.
Furthermore, you understand and agree that:
i) any content downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of our Resources is done at your own discretion and risk, and that you are solely responsible for any damage to your computer or other devices for any loss of data that may result from the download of such content.
ii) no information or advice, whether expressed, implied, oral or written, obtained by you from Chimney Keepers or through any Resources we provide shall create any warranty, guarantee, or conditions of any kind, except for those expressly outlined in this User Agreement.
Limitation of Liability
In conjunction with the Limitation of Warranties as explained above, you expressly understand and agree that any claim against us shall be limited to the amount you paid, if any, for use of products and/or services. Chimney Keepers will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or exemplary loss or damages which may be incurred by you as a result of using our Resources, or as a result of any changes, data loss or corruption, cancellation, loss of access, or downtime to the full extent that applicable limitation of liability laws apply.
Copyrights/Trademarks
All content and materials available on chimneykeepers.com, including but not limited to text, graphics, website name, code, images and logos are the intellectual property of Chimney Keepers, and are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law. Any inappropriate use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of any content on this site is strictly prohibited, unless specifically authorized by Chimney Keepers.
Termination of Use
You agree that we may, at our sole discretion, suspend or terminate your access to all or part of our website and Resources with or without notice and for any reason, including, without limitation, breach of this User Agreement. Any suspected illegal, fraudulent or abusive activity may be grounds for terminating your relationship and may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities. Upon suspension or termination, your right to use the Resources we provide will immediately cease, and we reserve the right to remove or delete any information that you may have on file with us, including any account or login information.
Governing Law
This website is controlled by Chimney Keepers from our offices located in the state of North Carolina, USA. It can be accessed by most countries around the world. As each country has laws that may differ from those of North Carolina, by accessing our website, you agree that the statutes and laws of North Carolina, without regard to the conflict of laws and the United Nations Convention on the International Sales of Goods, will apply to all matters relating to the use of this website and the purchase of any products or services through this site.
Furthermore, any action to enforce this User Agreement shall be brought in the federal or state courts located in USA, North Carolina You hereby agree to personal jurisdiction by such courts, and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts.
Guarantee
UNLESS OTHERWISE EXPRESSED, Chimney Keepers EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or comments about these our Terms of Service as outlined above, you can contact us at:
Chimney Keepers
1602 S. Wade Ave
Garner NC 27529-4572
919-772-8110
chimneykeepers.com
Our Services
Gas Log Service
Chimney Cleaning
Chimney Repairs
Chase Top Repair
Dryer Vent Cleaning
Levels of Chimney Inspection
Power Washing
Waterproofing
Featured Products
Chimney Caps
Chase Tops for Pre-Fab Chimneys
Top Mount Dampers
Drop-In Liner Dampers for Chimney Pipes
GLASS for Gas Fireplaces, Fireplace Tempered and Woodstove Ceramic
Replacement Mesh Panels
Custom Recessed Screens
The Fireback Heat Reflector/Shield
Fireplace Smoke Guards
FAQs
Informative Articles
A Sweep Can Do So Much MORE Than A Log?
That Mysterious Soot Might Be From Candles
The trouble with buying SEASONED firewood
The Masonry Stoves of Europe gain a Strong Foothold in North America
Who will clean out your dryer vent?
Passing the Hat
From
Karen and Carl Newton
To
Sarah and Will Gilfillan
Owning and operating Chimney Keepers for 27 years has been a very rewarding experience, and we have enjoyed the relationships we have built with our customers. We are now starting a new chapter and are selling the business to one of our Technicians. Though we will miss the many relationships and friendships we have built over the years, Karen and I are looking forward to traveling full time in our Airstream as we explore the nooks and crannies of North America.
We would like to take this opportunity to introduce you to Will and Sarah Gilfillan, who will be taking over Chimney Keepers as of March 30, 2020. Rest assured, Will has been well trained (by Carl!) and is very competent, with nearly four years of experience in the gas log/fireplace/ chimney service industry and over ten years as a firefighter. Sarah, the Office Manager/wife is a fast learner, and will do wonders in assisting you with scheduling appointments and answering questions. It was important to us to find a good fit for our customers, and we feel confident that you will find Will and Sarah to be knowledgeable and a pleasure to work with.
Thank you for your business over the years. It was my distinct pleasure to have been of service to you, and I wish you continued success and prosperity in the years to come.
Sincerely, Karen and Carl Newton
Is Your Wood-burning or Gas-burning Fireplaces ready for Winter?
Is your Fireplace or Gas Log unit ready to go? If not, or for a service, give us a call.
During a power outage, a fireplace or gas log unit may be your only form of heat, so make sure they are working in top form. Give us a call to set up an appointment, 919-772-8110.
PS: If you do NOT have a Carbon Monoxide detector and you have gas logs, GET ONE… NOW… We recommend the combination CO/Smoke, battery-powered, detectors found at Lowe’s, Home Depot, or most hardware stores.
If yours are over 10 years old, replace them (there’s a date on back). If there is not a date of manufacture on the back, GET rid of it.
Interesting Info/Links
Want to find out more about vacation rentals? Timeshare Resorts.
Own Timeshare and exchange with RCI? You need to read this info. IT'S IMPORTANT TO LEARN MORE. Tug2.net
Find out ways to save energy around your home. Visit Alliance To Save Energy.
Chimney Keepers
Apex NC 27502
919-772-8110
chimneykeepers@gmail.com
Terms of Service | Privacy Policy
For appointments call 919-772-8110
Chimney
Fireplace Cleaning , Dryer Vent Cleaning,
Gas Log Service, Gas Log Repair, Direct Vent Gas Inserts Service, Serving Raleigh, Garner, Clayton, Cary, Apex, Fuquay-Varina, NC
& surrounding areas since 1994.
We accept Visa, MasterCard and Discover Card, Cash & Personal checks for payment & Fresh eggs etc as tips.. :)
Copyright © 1999-2020 Chimney Keepers
All rights reserved
Powered by: 2mhost.com
Domain: goDaddy.com
Backend