https://christieand.co/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Christie & Co is committed to protecting the privacy of the information you share with us when you sign up to receive Services and information from us (ie: emails, newsletters, webinars, workshops, trainings, and other programs). This policy may be supplemented by additional privacy terms or notices disclosed to you in connection with your registration for or receipt of Services.
Contacting You for Offers and Promotions
You agree, in consideration for the use of the Services provided by to allow Christie & Co. to use your personal information to send you marketing and promotional materials. Christie & Co. will not rent or sell your personal information for use by third parties. These materials may include, but are not limited to: newsletters providing you with additional information on how to use the Services, and promotional offers for goods and services from Christie & Co.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy or information that you have submitted to us you can contact us at:
Christie & Co
800 Garden Street
Santa Barbara, CA
Use of Cookies & Other Site Tracking Data
Cookies
A "cookie" is a small file that we save on your computer's hard drive that contains non-personal information. These cookies help to give you faster access to pages you have already visited. They also allow you to personalize your pages, and optimize your experience at our sites. We also use cookies to help us figure out how many people visit our sites, which of our web pages they visit, and how long they stay there. This information helps us figure out which of our web features are highly successful and which sites might need improvement. You can disable cookies on your computer by indicating this in the preferences or options menus in your browser. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but allow you to disable them. Disabling cookies may prevent you from properly using the Services or accessing the site.
IP Address
Each time you visit the Site, we automatically collect your IP address and the web page from which you came. In order to administer and optimize the Site for you and to diagnose problems with our Site, we use your IP address to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you.
If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank.
Subscribe to our newsletter