https://chromacolors.com/chroma-color-privacy-policy/
Chroma Color Corporation
Executive Team
About Chroma Color Corporation
Chroma News and Articles
Terms & Conditions
Sustainability
Markets
Products
Resin Capabilities
G Series Page: G2® , G3® & UltraPET™
Additives
MicroBlok®
CHROMARK®
Wire & Cable Options
Custom Colors
Standard White & Black Colors
Dry Colors
Downloadable Product PDF’s
Services
Color Lab Capabilities
Medical and Healthcare
Drug Master Files
Chroma Color ISO Certifications & Insurance Downloads
Conflict Mineral Policy
Careers
Contact Us
Thank You We appreciate you visiting our website. If you have any questions, please call us at: 815-385-8100
Chroma Color Corporation
Executive Team
About Chroma Color Corporation
Chroma News and Articles
Terms & Conditions
Sustainability
Markets
Products
Resin Capabilities
G Series Page: G2® , G3® & UltraPET™
Additives
MicroBlok®
CHROMARK®
Wire & Cable Options
Custom Colors
Standard White & Black Colors
Dry Colors
Downloadable Product PDF’s
Services
Color Lab Capabilities
Medical and Healthcare
Drug Master Files
Chroma Color ISO Certifications & Insurance Downloads
Conflict Mineral Policy
Careers
Contact Us
Chroma Color Privacy Policy
Effective Date: July 1, 2018
Chroma Color Corporation and its affiliates respect your concerns about privacy and personal data protection and value our relationship with you, and as such takes the private nature of your personal information very seriously. This privacy policy describes how we treat the information we collect when you visit our Website. Please be sure to read this notice carefully.
By affirmatively accepting these terms, or otherwise using the Website, you hereby agree with and consent to the collection and processing of your personal information as described in this privacy policy.
As further described herein, your personal information may be collected, processed and stored by Chroma Color Corporation or its service providers in the United States and other countries where such servers reside. You hereby agree with and consent to the transfer of your personal information to the United States and other countries where we and our service providers operate.
You may have a legal right to withdraw your consent to Chroma Color Corporation’s  collection and processing of your information, or to the transfer of your personal information across borders. To request to withdraw your consent, please contact us as set forth below.
Personal Information: When you visit this Website you may choose to provide personal information that could reasonably be used to contact you or to identify you personally including, but not limited to: your name, telephone number, email address, and any other information you may choose to provide via the “Contact Us” page.
We may combine the personal information you submit directly through this Website with other personal information we have collected from you, whether on- or offline. We may also combine it with information we receive about you from other sources, such as other companies and publicly available information sources.
We use and disclose personal information you provide to us: (1) to respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to send you documents you request or e-mail; (2) to send you important information regarding our relationship with you or regarding this Website, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information; (3) for our business purposes, such as marketing new products and services, data analysis, audits, developing new products or services, operating or enhancing our Website, identifying Website usage trends, providing the Website, maintaining customer relationships, improving the quality, safety, and security of our services and Website, administering your account(s), troubleshooting, evaluating Website performance, providing customer support, and determining the effectiveness of our Website; and (4) when we otherwise have your consent.
Log Files and Cookies: Like most standard Websites, we use log files or “cookies” to collect certain information from users of the Website. This may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. We and our service providers use this information for security purposes, to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to other personally identifiable information.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer. If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) to disable existing cookies; or (iii) to set your browser to automatically reject any cookies. If you set your browser to reject cookies, part of the Website may not work for you.
Your selection of the “Do Not Track” option provided by your browser may not have any effect on our collection of cookie information for analytic and internal purposes. The only way to completely opt out of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser or device to delete and disable cookies and other tracking/recording tools. Please note, depending on your type of device or browser, it may not be possible to delete or disable all tracking mechanisms on your device.
Review and Access: Upon your request, we will be happy to provide you with a summary of the information we collect about you. You will have the opportunity to correct, update or modify any of this information.
Choice/Opt-Out: If we ever send you information by email concerning new products or Website that you did not expressly request, Chroma Color Corporation will provide you with an email address by which you may request no future notices.
If you do not wish certain information to be shared for these purposes, please contact us at: xxx
Sharing for Other Purposes: We may use and disclose personal information collected through this Website as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) as required by applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with any legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce contractual terms; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Please note that we may share your information with a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
We may also use and disclose information that is not in personally identifiable form (such as anonymized, masked or de-identified information) for any purpose. If we combine information that is not in personally identifiable form with information that is (such as combining your name with your geographical location), we will treat the combined information as personal information as long as it is combined.
Links to Other Websites: Chroma Color Corporation may provide links on the Website allowing you to access third-party sites. Chroma Color Corporation is not responsible for the content that appears on those sites and does not necessarily endorse these sites. Please consult those sites’ individual privacy policies in order to determine how they treat user information.
Security: Chroma Color Corporation takes reasonable measures designed to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Please be aware, however, that no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure and any information disclosed online can potentially be collected and used by parties other than the intended recipient. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with this privacy policy.
Your California Privacy Rights: Under California’s “Shine the Light Law”, California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or Website for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year.
To obtain this information on behalf of Chroma Color Corporation, please send an email message to with “Request for California Privacy Information” on the subject line and in the body of your message. We will provide the requested information to you at your email address in the response. Please be aware that not all information is covered by the “Shine the Light “ requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.
International Users: Chroma Color Corporation is based in the United States. By accessing or using the Website or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries. While this privacy policy applies to personal information generally, the local laws, rules and regulations of jurisdictions that are applicable to Chroma Color Corporation (“Local Laws”) may require standards which are stricter than this privacy policy and, in such event, Chroma Color Corporation will comply with applicable Local Laws. Specific privacy policies may be adopted to address the specific privacy requirements of particular jurisdictions. Your personal information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or service providers. Irrespective of which country your personal information is transferred, we would only share your personal information under a ‘need to know’ basis. In these circumstances we will, as required by applicable law, ensure that your privacy rights are protected by organizational, technical, contractual and/or other lawful means.
EU Data Subjects
In the European Economic Area and Switzerland (“EU”), “Personal Data” is defined very broadly and includes any information about a natural person, who can be identified, directly or indirectly, from data that we hold about them or from data that is combined with other information. EU data protection law requires us to have a legal basis before processing any Personal Data about you. The legal basis’ for us processing your Personal Data for the above purposes may be because: (i) you have provided your consent; (ii) it is necessary to for the performance of a contract with you; (iii) the processing is necessary for our compliance with a legal obligation; or (iv) the processing is in our legitimate interests. To the extent provided by applicable law, you may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us, or object at any time on legitimate grounds, to the processing of your Personal Data. In some circumstances, withdrawing your consent to Chroma Color Corporation’s use or disclosure of your Personal Data will mean that you cannot take advantage of certain Chroma Color Corporation products or services.
We may transfer your Personal Data outside EU to the United States or any country that Chroma Color Corporation or its service providers may have operations. Such countries do not have the same data protection laws as EU. Any transfer of your personal information will be subject to a European Commission approved contract (as permitted under the General Data Protection Regulation) that is designed to help safeguard your privacy rights and give you remedies in the unlikely event of a misuse of your personal information. To obtain a copy of the such safeguards please contact us.
Under the General Data Protection Regulation you have a number of important rights free of charge. In summary, those include rights to:
Fair processing of information and transparency over how we use your use personal information
Access to your personal information and to certain other supplementary information that this privacy policy is already designed to address
Require us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold
Require the erasure of personal information concerning you in certain situations
Receive the personal information concerning you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to a third party in certain situations
Object at any time to processing of personal information concerning you for direct marketing
Object to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you
Object in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal information
Otherwise restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances
For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, see the Guidance from the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) on individuals rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (or other relevant guidance).
If you would like to exercise any of those rights, please email, call, or write to us with the following:
Enough information to identify you
Proof of your identity and address
The information to which your request relates
How to Complain
The General Data Protection Regulation also gives you right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in EU state where you work, normally live, or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred.
Otherwise, a complaint may be submitted directly to us:
By email at: XXX ; or
By mail at: Chroma Color Corporation 3900 West Dayton Street, McHenry, IL 60050-8378
Compliance:  Chroma Color Corporation will use a self-assessment approach to verify compliance with this privacy policy and periodically verify that the privacy policy is accurate, comprehensive for the information intended to be covered, prominently displayed, implemented and accessible.
If you believe that your personal information has been processed or disclosed in violation of this privacy policy, Chroma Color Corporation encourages you to raise any concerns using the contact information provided in this privacy policy. Chroma Color Corporation will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal information.
Minors: We do not intentionally collect information from individuals under the age of 13. The Website is not directed to individuals under the age of 13 and we request that these individuals not provide personal information through this Website.
Modification to This Policy: Chroma Color Corporation reserves the right to modify this policy, but in the event we do so we will maintain complete transparency — any changes to the policy will be immediately posted here, so be sure to check back for future information.
Contact Us: If you have any questions about this policy or our site in general, please contact: xxx
Privacy Policy
Click here for Chroma Color Corporation's Privacy Policy
Search Our Site
Search for:
Popular ClicksAll Product PDF's Page
Applications
Blog
Building and Construction
Durables
Industrial Textiles
Medical
Packaging
Pipe
Product Info
Sustainability
Wire and Cable
CHROMA COLOR HEADQUARTERS 3900 W Dayton St.
McHenry, IL 60050-8378
Main: 815-385-8100
Phone: 877-385-8777
Fax: 815-385-1518
Other Locations 1134 NC Highway 49 South, Asheboro, NC 27205
Phone: 800-247-7428
100 Colomet Drive, Delaware, OH 43015
Phone: 740-363-6622
Other Locations 11 Kari Drive, Lambertville, NJ 08530
Phone: 609-397-8200
50 Francis Street, Leominster, MA 01453
Phone: 978-537-3538
100 East 17th Street, Salisbury, NC 28144
Phone: 704-637-7000
© Copyright Chroma Color Corporation 2018 Website by NSG Consulting Inc.