http://chronixbiomedical.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Chronix Biomedical
Skip to content
Delivering innovative diagnostic cancer tests
FacebookTwitterLinkedIn
What We Do?What we do?Cancer – how it works?Transplantation
– how it works?Chronix HighlightsOur ProductsPublications and MediaChronix PublicationsChronix VideosScientific PostersPress ReleasesOur TeamBoard and ManagementScientific Advisory Board and Key Opinion LeadersContact Us
Privacy Policyadmin2019-03-21T09:37:49+00:00
Chronix Biomedical, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Date of Last Revision: March 12, 2012
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Chronix Biomedical, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “Chronix”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the Internet website located at http://www.chronixbiomedical.com (the “Site”).
We encourage you to read the following to learn what information we collect from you (the “User”) and how we use that information. Except where noted, statements in this privacy policy with respect to our websites also apply to the Application. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please email us.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR WEBSITE TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, EXIT THIS PAGE AND DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE.
Personal identification information.
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, subscribe to the newsletter, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain activities on our Site.
Non-personal identification information.
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connecting to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies.
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance the User’s experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information.
Chronix collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service — Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To send periodic emails — The email address Users provide will only be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information.
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. However, no method of transmission information over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Sharing your personal information.
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and Users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
International Transfer of Information.
Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, Chronix transfers personal information to the United States and processes it there. Your consent to this privacy policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Third party websites.
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy.
Chronix has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will update the date at the top of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Notice of Privacy Rights to California Residents.
California law requires that we provide you with a summary of your privacy rights under the California Online Privacy Protection Act (the “Act”) and the California Business and Professions Code. As required by the Act, we will provide you with the categories of personally identifiable information that we collect through the Site and the categories of third party persons or entities with whom such personally identifiable information may be shared at your request. California law requires us to inform you, at your request: (1) the categories of personally identifiable information we collect and what third parties we share that information with; (2) the names and addresses of those third parties; and (3) examples of the products marketed by those companies. The Act further requires us to allow you to control who you do not want us to share that information with. To obtain this information, please send a request by email or standard mail to the address listed below. When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address and what personally identifiable information you do not want us to share with third parties. The request should be sent to the attention of our legal department, and labeled “California Customer Choice Notice.” Please allow 30 days for a response. Also, please note that there is no charge for controlling the sharing of your personally identifiable information or requesting this notice.
Contacting us.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your interactions with this Site, please contact us at info@chronixbiomedical.com or click on the contact button to send us a message. You may also reach us at:
Chronix Biomedical, Inc.
5941 Optical Court, Suite 203E
San Jose, California 95138
United States of America
What We Do?
Chronix Highlights
Our Products
Publication and Media
Our Team
Contact Us
© Copyright    |   Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
|   Powered by: Testin
FacebookTwitterLinkedIn
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more