https://churchdwight.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Church & Dwight Co., Inc. Privacy Notice
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
Church & Dwight Co., Inc. and its affiliates ("Church & Dwight") know that your privacy is important to you, and we want you to know that it is important to us too. This Notice explains the types of information we collect, how we may use, disclose and protect your information, and the choices available to you.
This Notice applies to information we obtain through the Church & Dwight websites (including mobile versions of our websites), our mobile software applications, and the various social networking platforms that we use (each, a "Site"). This Notice also applies to information that you may provide to us, or that we may obtain about you, through offline channels, such as over the phone, by mail, or in person.
If you are a California consumer, for more information about your privacy rights, please see the section of this Privacy Notice called "California Consumer Privacy Statement."
What information do we collect?
We may collect your personal information in various ways, such as when you conduct a transaction on our Site; engage in a promotion; create an account on our Site; sign up for our newsletters; use our services; make online purchases; enter sweepstakes and contests; complete surveys, quizzes or questionnaires; submit a product review; interact with the Site "Chat" feature; participate in product affinity groups; apply for employment with us; interact with us at a trade shows or lunch 'n learns; or submit a complaint, comment or question to us. We also may obtain information about you from third-party sources. The types of personal information we may collect about you include your name; company name; age or year of birth; postal addresses; e-mail addresses; telephone numbers; wireless device addresses (including text message addresses); gender; dietary information; credit card and other payment information; purchase, site browsing and transaction history; geolocation data; health-related information if you provide it to us in connection with our products, a product claim, or otherwise; job history and application information; and interests, hobbies and demographic information.
A "tell-a-friend" tool provided on the Site and/or in our e-mails allows you to send information about our products and offerings to another person. You may also be able to purchase gifts for another person. When you use these offerings, we may ask you for the name and contact information of the other person.
Automated Collection of Information
When you visit our Site, we may collect certain information by automated means, such as cookies, pixel tags, web server logs and other technologies. The information we collect in this manner may include your device IP address, unique device identifier, web browser characteristics, device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, clickstream data, and dates and times of Site visits.
Cookies are small data files stored on your computer or device at the request of a website. A cookie assigns a unique numerical identifier to your web browser, and may enable us to recognize you as the same user who was at our Site in the past, and relate your use of the Site to other information about you. Cookies may also be used to enhance your experience on the Site (for example, by storing your username so you can log in easily, keeping you logged into the Site after you have provided your password, and storing the contents of your shopping cart as you browse), to collect general usage and aggregated statistical information about our sites, detect and prevent fraud, and tailor the advertising you receive from us to your interests. Most browsers can be set to detect cookies and give you an opportunity to reject them, but please note that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of the Site.
A pixel tag (also known as a "clear GIF" or "web beacon") is a tiny image that links webpages to web servers and their cookies and may be used to transmit information collected through cookies back to a web server. This can be placed on a webpage or in our electronic communications to you to help us measure the effectiveness of our content by, for example, counting the number of individuals who visit us online or verifying whether you've opened one of our emails or visited our Site.
How is your information used?
We may use the information we collect from and about you to perform business functions such as:
enabling users to use our Site and its features
processing and fulfilling your transactions
administering the Site and your account with us
responding to your requests, questions, and concerns
administering promotions and communicating with contest entrants and winners
conducting market research
developing new features and offerings on the Site
communicating with you about our and others' products, services and events that we think might interest you
protecting our rights and property
processing employment applications
complying with and enforcing applicable legal and regulatory requirements, industry standards and our policies and terms
recovering debt and protecting against and preventing fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims and other liabilities
customizing our Site to your interests and history with us
tailoring ads displayed to you on third-party websites to your interests and history with us
operating, evaluating and improving our business (including developing new products and services; managing our communications; performing data analytics; deidentifying personal information; determining and managing the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing; analyzing our products, services and Site; and performing accounting, auditing, billing, reconciliation and collection activities)
We may also use the information for other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
With whom do we share information?
We may share the information we collect about you with service providers who provide services to us on our behalf based on our instructions. We do not authorize these service providers to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements. We may also share your information:
with our affiliates, and with your permission with other third parties, for their marketing and other purposes
with our co-sponsor(s) if we obtain your information in connection with a contest, sweepstakes, offering, or other promotional activity that is jointly offered by us and any third parties, unless you ask us not to as indicated in the "Your Choices" section below
where we believe disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or property, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud or respond to a government, judicial or other legal request, or to comply with our legal obligations
with credit bureaus, such as in the event of late payments, missed payments, or other defaults on your account
We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer (or contemplate the sale or transfer of) all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a merger, acquisition, joint venture, reorganization, divestiture, dissolution or liquidation).
Third-Party Analytics Services
We may use third-party analytics services on our Sites, such as Google Analytics. The analytics providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies, web beacons and web server logs to help us analyze your use of the Site. The information collected through these means (including IP address) may be disclosed to these analytics providers, and other relevant third parties who use the information to evaluate use of the Site. To learn more about Google Analytics and how to opt out, please visit https://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/learn/privacy.html or https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881?hl=en.
Online Tracking and Interest-Based Advertising
On our Site, we and third parties (such as ad networks, web analytics companies and social media and networking platforms) may collect information about your online activities over time and across our Site and third-party websites, to provide you with advertising about products and services tailored to your interests. You may see certain ads on other websites based on your visits to our Site because we participate in advertising networks administered by third-party vendors. Ad networks allow us to target our messaging to users considering demographic data, users' inferred interests and browsing context. These networks track your online activities over time by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of cookies, web beacons and web server logs. The networks use this information to show you advertisements that are tailored to your individual interests. The information our ad network vendors collect includes information about your visits to websites that participate in the vendors' advertising networks, such as the pages or advertisements you view and the actions you take on the websites. This data collection takes place both on our Site and on third-party websites that participate in the ad networks. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. For more information about third-party advertisers and how to opt out of interest-based advertising, visit the NAI's consumer website at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ or Aboutads info at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
Our Site is not designed to respond to "do not track" signals received from browsers.
Your Choices
You may be able to review, update or modify certain information in your user account on the Site by logging in to the "My Account" or similar area of the Site.
You also may have the right to opt in to or opt out of certain of our uses and disclosures of your personal information. You also may tell us that you do not want to continue to receive our promotional messages by clicking here. Please note that if you opt out of receiving promotional correspondence from us, we may still contact you in connection with your relationship, activities, transactions and communications with us.
To opt out of interest-based advertising, visit the NAI's consumer website at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ or Aboutads info at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
To exercise your choices, you may also contact us as specified in the Contact Us section below. If you are a California consumer, please see the "California Consumer Privacy Statement" section of this Privacy Notice for more information about your privacy rights under California law.
Security
We maintain safeguards designed to protect personal information against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure or use.
Children's Personal Information
Our Site is designed for a general audience and are not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of thirteen (13) through our Site. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under thirteen (13), we will promptly delete the information from our records. If you believe a child under thirteen (13) may have provided us with personal information, please contact us as specified in the Contact Us section of this Privacy Notice.
Links To Third-Party Websites and Services
For your convenience and information, the Site may contain links, banners, widgets or advertisements that lead to other websites not owned or operated by us. For example, our Site may include tools that allow you to share and/or publicly post content or information from our Site to your profile on a third-party social network. We are not responsible for these other sites, and their posted privacy policies (not this Notice) will govern the collection and use of your information on them. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each website visited after leaving the Site to learn about how your information is treated by others.
In addition, we use several social networking platforms to communicate with our customers, some of which are operated by third parties, such as Facebook. This Notice applies to our use of information you submit to us on such platforms, but it does not apply to what those third party platforms do with your information.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We may change this Notice from time to time. When we do, we will let you know by posting the changed Notice on this page with a new "Last Updated" date. For significant changes, we may also tell you about changes by additional means, such as by posting a prominent notice on our Site and indicating at the top of the Privacy Notice when it was most recently updated.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments regarding our privacy practices, you may contact us at:
Consumer Relations
Church & Dwight Co., Inc.
469 N. Harrison St.
Princeton, NJ 08540
U.S.A.
Phone: 1-833-775-0044
Effective Date: October 9, 2020
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY STATEMENT
This California Consumer Privacy Statement (“Statement”) supplements the Church & Dwight Co., Inc. Privacy Notice and applies solely to California consumers. This Statement does not apply to Church & Dwight Co., Inc. personnel. Sections 2 through 5 of this Statement do not apply to Church & Dwight job applicants.
This Statement uses certain terms that have the meaning given to them in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its implementing regulations (the "CCPA").
Notice of Collection and Use of Personal Information
We may collect (and may have collected during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement) the following categories of personal information about you:
Identifiers: identifiers such as a real name, postal address, unique personal identifier (such as telephone number, cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology), online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, and other similar identifiers;
Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80: signature, education, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, other financial information, and health-related information
Protected Classifications: characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as race, national origin, sex, gender, disability, citizenship status, and military and veteran status
Commercial Information: commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Online Activity: Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements
Geolocation Data
Sensory Information: audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, and similar information
Employment Information: professional or employment-related information
Inferences: inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological
trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
We may use (and may have used during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement) the categories of personal information listed above for the purposes described in our Privacy Notice and for certain business purposes specified in the CCPA, such as:
Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytics services, or providing similar services
Auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance
Short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us
In addition, we may use certain personal information for purposes of managing career opportunities with Church & Dwight.
Sources of Personal Information
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement, we may have obtained personal information about you from various sources, as follows:
Directly from you or your devices, such as through your use of the Site, customer service calls and our "Contact Us" feature
From your friends, through our "tell-a-friend" tool
Our affiliates
Vendors who provide services on our behalf
Social networks
Online advertising companies and advertising networks
Sweepstakes and contests, affinity groups, or other marketing campaigns
Consumer relations interactions
Sale of Personal Information
We do not sell your personal information in exchange for monetary compensation. We may allow certain third parties (such as certain online advertising partners) to collect your personal information via automated technologies on our Sites in exchange for non-monetary consideration, such as an enhanced ability to serve you content and advertisements that may be of interest to you. We share the categories of personal information listed below for online advertising purposes as described in our Privacy Notice. You have the right to opt out of this disclosure of your information, which may be considered a “sale” under California law, as detailed below.
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement, we may have sold the following categories of personal information about you to certain online advertising partners:
Identifiers
Online Activity
Inferences
We do not have actual knowledge that we sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Sharing of Personal Information
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement, we may have shared your personal information with certain categories of third parties, as described below.
We may have disclosed the following categories of personal information about you for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Category of Personal Information
Category of Third Party
Identifiers
Our affiliates and business partners; vendors who have provided services on our behalf; co-sponsors of contests, sweepstakes or other promotions; advertising networks; internet service providers; data analytics providers; government entities; operating systems and platforms; social networks
Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80 Law
Business partners; vendors who have provided services on our behalf
Protected Classifications
Vendors who have provided services on our behalf; government entities
Commercial Information
Our affiliates and business partners; vendors who have provided services on our behalf
Online Activity
Our affiliates and business partners; vendors who have provided services on our behalf; co-sponsors of contests, sweepstakes or other promotions; advertising networks; internet service providers; data analytics providers; operating systems and platforms; social networks
Geolocation data
Our affiliates and business partners; vendors who have provided services on our behalf; co-sponsors of contests, sweepstakes or other promotions; advertising networks; internet service providers; data analytics providers; operating systems and platforms; social networks
Sensory Information
Vendors who have provided services on our behalf; operating systems and platforms
Employment Information
Our affiliates; vendors who have provided services on our behalf; operating systems and platforms
Inferences
Our affiliates; vendors who have provided services on our behalf; advertising networks; data analytics providers;
California Consumer Privacy Rights
You have certain choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information, as described below.
Access: You may have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period, that we disclose to you the personal information we have collected, used, disclosed and sold about you during the past 12 months.
Deletion: You have the right to request that we delete certain personal information we have collected from you.
Opt-Out of Sale: You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information.
Shine the Light Request: You also may have the right to request that we provide you with (1) a list of certain categories of personal information we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year and (2) the identity of those third parties.
How to Submit a Request: To submit an access or deletion request, click here or call us at 833-775-0044. To submit a Shine the Light request, click here. To opt-out of the sale of your personal information, call 833-775-0044 or click here. To submit a request as an authorized agent on behalf of a consumer, email us at privacychd@churchdwight.com.
Verifying Requests: To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. If you have an account with us, we may ask you to verify your identity by requiring you to sign in to your account. If you do not have an account and request access to or deletion of your personal information, we may require you to provide any of the following information: name, email address and telephone number. In addition, if you do not have an account and you ask us to provide you with specific pieces of personal information, we will require you to sign a declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request. If you designate an authorized agent to make an access, deletion or opt-out of sale request on your behalf (1) we may require you to provide the authorized agent written permission to do so, and (2) for access and deletion requests, we may require you to verify your own identity directly with us (as described above).
Additional Information: If you choose to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, you have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment by us. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request. This Statement is available in alternative formats upon request. Please contact 833-775-0044 to request this Statement in an alternative format.