https://chyp.com/cookies-policy/
Skip to content
Search for:
Search
Close a search form
Close
Cookies Policy
When you visit Hyperion Systems Ltd website (www.chyp.com), we use ‘cookies’, also known as browser or tracking cookies. Cookies are small packets of information in text format that are stored by your web browser on your device.
Types of cookies used on this website
We will store a cookie on your device to indicate whether you are logged in. If you have a login we will store your name and email address. You can use the email address privacyofficer@chyp.com to contact us if you wish to have your data removed.   We will store a cookie on your device which is used to distinguish you from other visitors to the site, the cookie is removed when you close your browser.   We will store a cookie on your device which is used to identify what format the website should be presented in so that it is more readable, the cookie is removed when you close your browser.   We will store a cookie on your device which indicates your language preference where a choice is available, the cookie is removed when you close your browser.   We will store a cookie on your device which identifies the server which supplied the website data to you, the cookie is removed when you close your browser.   We may store a cookie on your device which identifies the pages you wish to print if you choose to do so, the cookie is removed when you close your browser.   We use Google Analytics to track visitors to our website so we can collect statistics on what visitors are interested in. Some of this information is stored by Google but cannot be used to identify you.   Some pages with links to videos supplied by Brightcove, Vimeo LLC and YouTube will store anonymous information about how many times a video is viewed and which site sent the viewer, the cookie is removed when you close your browser.   Logged in users can send their posts to Twitter via a widget which facilitates interaction with its services. Twitter tracks users for authentication and security, user preferences, analytics and research, and to serve personalized content.   We will store a cookie on your device if you agree that we can use cookies so that you are not asked the same question every time you visit.
Blocking cookies
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser, which allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser settings so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon as you visit our website.
Advice on adjusting your browser settings is available here, if you can’t see yours you’ll need to contact the developer:
Google Chrome   Microsoft Edge   Mozilla Firefox   Microsoft Internet Explorer   Opera   Apple Safari
For more information about cookies and how to block them, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.orgTo opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics on any website, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Device data
We may collect information about your device (computer, tablet, or mobile phone) including where available your IP address, operating system, and browser type, for system administration. This is statistical (non-personal) data about a user’s browsing actions and patterns and is not intended to identify any individual.
Consent
By using our website, you explicitly consent to us placing cookies that you have set in your browser on your device and accessing them when you visit the site in the future.
Contact Us
Questions, comments, and requests regarding this Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to:Privacy OfficerTweed House, 12 The Mount, Guildford, Surrey GU2 4HNEmail address: privacyofficer@chyp.comTelephone No: +44 (0) 1483 301 793.
179 Franklin St, 3rd Floor
New York
NY 10013
USA: +1 (888) 835-6124
This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see our
Cookies Policy
2020 Consult Hyperion
Subscribe to our newsletter
You have successfully subscribed to the newsletter
There was an error while trying to send your request. Please try again.
Accept TermsBy accepting the Terms, you consent to Consult Hyperion communicating with you regarding our events, reports and services through our regular newsletter. You can unsubscribe anytime through our newsletters or by emailing us.