https://cinecraft.com/cinecraft-disclaimer-and-privacy-statement/
Disclaimer and Privacy Statement
Website Disclaimer
By accessing and viewing the content on Cinecraft’s website you agree with this disclaimer. If you do not agree with the contents of this disclaimer, please exit this website. Cinecraft will not be held liable for any loss or damage caused by relying on the content contained on its website. Any person or entity that relies on information contained herein does so at their own risk.
Cinecraft’s website contains images and content protected by copyright, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights. The pages on this website may be shared with your employees, agents, representatives, and clients. The pages on this website may not be used as part of any commercial work or publication without prior written permission by Cinecraft Productions, Inc.
Any reference on Cinecraft’s website to a specific commercial production, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise does not constitute or imply an endorsement or recommendation by Cinecraft Productions, Inc.
By using Cinecraft’s website you assume all risks associated with the use of this site, including any risk to your computer, software, or data being damaged by any virus, software, or any other file which might be transmitted or activated by Cinecraft’s website.
Website Privacy
Cinecraft takes your privacy seriously. By navigating Cinecraft’s website, you agree to the data gathering described here.
Cinecraft Productions (“Cinecraft”), as controller of personal data, is responsible for the processing of personal data that relates to you under applicable data protection laws and regulations.
If you have questions regarding the processing of your personal data, please contact Cinecraft’s data protection officer at info@cinecraft.com or by mail or phone at:
Cinecraft ProductionsAttn: Matt WalshCOO2515 Franklin BoulevardCleveland, Ohio 44113+1 (216) 781-2300
Cinecraft’s Website
When you visit Cinecraft’s website we collect and store information about your visit. We track what pages you view, your geo-location, search keywords, your internet provider, browser type, and length of stay. This is information which does not allow you to be identified. This information is necessary for technical purposes in order to correctly deliver the content requested by you and its collection is an unavoidable aspect of using websites. The log data is analyzed purely for statistical purposes in order to improve our website and its underlying functionality. Cinecraft will process your personal data based on the legal basis of legitimate interest. Cinecraft’s legitimate interests include the interest to manage its website according to fair business practices and to maintain the availability and functionality of the website.
Cookies
Cinecraft uses cookies to gather data regarding your use of the website in order to tailor the website to its users’ needs. The gathering of this usage data and the creation of a usage profile is anonymously carried out using a cookie ID. We create and store these usage profiles solely in an anonymous form and do not combine them with your name or with any other information such as your email address which may reveal your identity.
Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. With the information contained in cookies, we can simplify navigation and facilitate the correct display of our website.
Forms
Cinecraft, occasionally, uses forms for collecting data from interested parties looking to gain additional information regarding Cinecraft’s services. Every time you fill out a form on Cinecraft’s website you voluntarily submit your personal information to us, such as your first name, last name, email address, job position, and company name.
If you submit your personal information you may continue to hear from us. But, if you decide you do not want to receive any further information from us, we will respect your decision and not send you any new information if you reply to the communication with “unsubscribe.”
Forwarding of data to third parties
Cinecraft will never sell your data to any other company.
We work with a range of different service providers to deliver the Cinecraft website. Cinecraft will ensure that appropriate safeguards are in place which provides adequate levels of protection of your personal data as required by applicable data protection laws.
External Links
Cinecraft’s website may contain links to other websites, or other websites may contain links to ours. We have no influence on the compliance or non-compliance of the operators of these sites with their data protection provisions.
For how long will Cinecraft keep your personal data?
Cinecraft will keep your personal data as long as required to fulfill the purposes for which the personal data was collected.
Your data protection rights
You have the right to request from Cinecraft information about the personal data processed by Cinecraft including access to your personal data. You also have a right to request the correction of your personal data if it is incorrect and to request the erasure of your personal data. Further, you have a right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data, meaning that you can request Cinecraft limit its processing of your personal data under certain circumstances. There is also a right for you to object to the processing based on legitimate interest or processing for direct marketing. You have, as well, the right to data portability (transfer of your personal data to another controller) if Cinecraft’s processing of your personal data is based on consent or contractual obligation and is automated.
You also have the right to lodge any complaints you may have regarding Cinecraft’s processing of your personal data to a supervisory authority.
Updated March 31, 2020
About
Cinecraft is an award-winning Cleveland based video production, eLearning, mLearning and gamification company. At Cinécraft, we produce custom content video, develop eLearning and mobile learning courses, instructor-led training, serious games and performance support tools to support the performance goals of businesses.
Our goal is to get the audience as close to the skill or behavior to be learned as possible.
Contact Us
Cinécraft Productions
2515 Franklin Boulevard
Cleveland, Ohio 44113
info@cinecraft.com
216.781.2300
Menu
About
eLearning
Video
Careers
Blog
News
Our Team
Contact
© 2020 Cinécraft Productions, Inc. | Privacy Statement
top