https://ciowatercooler.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy policyThe CIO WaterCooler is a trading name for Tech-Engage Ltd.IntroductionIf you do not agree with this privacy policy or our terms and conditions, please do not use our website or register to become a member.Tech-Engage Ltd is committed to data protection and data privacy.  This policy provides users of our website (‘you”) with information regarding the collection, use and retention of collected on our websites.  By submitting  your personal information, you will be deemed to have given your consent to the disclosures referred to in this Policy.GeneralOur services, events and other offerings are directed to business professionals.  We do not solicit or knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 18 with- out parental consent.   If you are not 18 or older, you are not authorized to use our services. If you believe that a child under the  age of 13 has provided us with personal information with-out consent, please contact us.Links to Third Party Sites.  Tech-Engage websites features adverts and links to third party sites.  In the event that you click on a link or advert posted on a Tech-Engage website, you may be redirected to websites controlled by third parties at which time you with subject to the policies of that third party.   Tech-Engage is not responsible for the privacy practices, or the content of those sites.  In addition, this policy only applies to sites controlled by Tech-Engage.Tech-Engage may modify/amend this policy at any time.  Your continued use of the website or access to content published on this site will constitute your acceptance of the modified policy.  We will notify you of any changes to how we make use of your Personal Information by posting a notice on the website.   If you object to any changes, or the policy in general, please contact us via the contact information above.Responsible data controller in the meaning of Article 4-1 of the General Data Protection Regulation is:Tech-Engage Ltd, 40 Green Lane, West Molesey, KT8 2PNTo contact the Data Controller at Tech-Engage, with regard to this privacy policy and with any question relating to your personal Information, please address your query to : privacy@tech-engage.co.ukDefinitionsUser means any individual who visits, views or interacts with the website, whether they have registered as a Member or Potential Customer.Members – A member is defined as a User who has registered via one of our websites, subscribed to receive updates, newsletters and other forms of communication, or registered to attend an event or webcast/webinar/digital boardroom.Member Information – Members information which has been provided to Tech-Engage Ltd as part of the registration and includes full name, job title, professional profile, company name, region/country, email address, telephone number.  In addition, supplementary information may be appended to your Member Information, this included classification of contribution level (member, contributor, expert contributor) and member type (end-user, vendor etc.).  We also amend information regarding size of organisation and industry, in regard to your company.Service Providers – are vendors or provide services to Tech-Engage to ensure the operations of the website, collection, processing and storing of data gathered by Tech-Engage and its websites.Customers, sponsors and advertisers – are third parties that sponsor our events, content (which will be marked as Sponsored Features) and those organisation who pay for advertising space on the website.Clickstream Data – are a record of an individual Users activity on our websites, including but not limited to the content that was viewed and interacted, how long the user was on the websites and how the user arrived to the website.Tracking Technologies – Cookies and other tracking technologies, such as clear GIFs, web beacons, serving tracking technologies or other technology solutions performing similar functions.Why do we collect informationTech-Engage Ltd collects information to provide the best experience on our website. The legal basis for the processing of data is Article 6-1(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation.  By providing us with your information, we are able to tailor our content and events to cover topics most relevant to our Users and Members.  In addition, the information collected is used to tailor and improve our communications with you, so as to effectively suggest relevant services and content.  Information is not provided to Sponsors unless consent is expressly given when relating to a particular event or activity.What/how do we collect informationDirectly collected information – Tech-Engage Ltd collects information at point of registration as a member and additional information relating and relevant to particular events and activities.  Every Member has a profile in which we published Personal InformationInformation provided by Others – Our websites include a ‘Invite a colleague’ feature, which allows members to invite a third party to visit our websites.  If you choose to use this feature, only the email address of the intended recipient(s) is used by us for the purpose intended.  You should not share another persons’ Personal Information with other without first receiving consent.Tech-Engage Ltd’s websites includes user generated content, and including comments on content and forum discussions. In order to provide this content Users must have registered as a Member.  A Users professional profile is provided with this content.  To ensure an individuals’ privacy, we do not display email address of individuals unless is it included in the profile information controlled by the user.Supplementary Information – Tech-Engage Ltd uses Service Providers as part of the registration process.  We also use publicly available information relating to information provided such as company industry and size.Clickstream Data – We partner with Service Providers to collect analytical, behavioral and Clickstream Data.   Our service providers collect information on your online activities such as type of browser and device, the websites you visit us from, your IP address, geographical location and content that you find interesting.  You may be able to opt out of providing information of this nature but will require you to change the settings on your devices or browser.What information do our advertiser collect – Tech-Engage allow advertisers to place ads on our website, both directly and via third party ad servers.  If you click on an advertisement on our Websites, you may be redirected to a website that includes tracking technologies outside of the control of tech-Engage Ltd. We recommend that you read the privacy policies of these websites.What information is provided to Sponsors – As part of any sponsored event we will ask Users to register and provide information specifically related to that activity.  This information can be provided to our Sponsor but only once consent has been obtained as part of that registration.  Tech-Engage does not supplement that information provided as part of the registration.  Our sponsors may use the information in the same ways as Tech-Engage uses this information and to promote their services. If you are an attendee at one of Tech-Engages’ events, your personal information is also shared with your fellow event-attendees.Tech-Engage Ltd may use your personal information to:administer this website;personalize the website for you;enable your access to and use of the website services;publish information about you on the website;send you marketing communications;provide support and assistance to Users of the website.in addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, Tech-Engage may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.Who do we share your information with?Service providers.  Tech-Engage may provide your Personal Information to certain Service providers who work with or for Tech-Engage as described in this Policy, where they require such information to facilitate the provision of services, both relating to the Websites and other business activities, also including the data storage and processing of the personal information collected. Our service providers include and are restricted to the following class of provider:  Website hosts, CRM provider, website back-ups providers, email marketing providers, social login providers and clickstream providers.Others.   We may also share the information that we collect for legitimate business interests for the following purposes.Compliance with the law.   We may disclose the information that we collect to a third party where we are legally required to do so, including government request, law enforcement and national security requests.Tech-Engage may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.Business transfers. We may share, or transfer, the information that we collect in connection with, or during negotiations of any sale of company assets, any merger, or acquisition of all or a proportion of our business.We may share the information in other ways that you have specifically consented to.Retention of Personal InformationTech-Engage Ltd retains Personal Information that is collected for the duration of your Membership to our Websites.  We may retain information if you cancel your membership.Opting Out of ClickStream Data – Users can opt out of providing ClickStream Data by removing cookies and setting your web browser to refuse such tracking technologies.Unsubscribing from Tech-Engage marketing emails – Members can unsubscribe from emails sent by Tech-Engage Ltd and still continue to have access to User and Members content.  To administer, your Personal Information will be retained on an exclusion/unsubcribed list.Managing Member correspondence – Members can manage if and how other members contact you via your ProfileDeletion of membership – Members can delete there membership at any time via their Profile.Requests for Information or records of your personal information.  At any time Members can request copies of their Personal Information held by Tech-Engage Ltd.  Copies and responses to enquires will be dealt with in a reasonable timescale and additional information may be requested to meet that request.Questions or Complaints – if you have any questions, complaint or you believe Tech-Engage Ltd has not complied with this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@tech-engage.co.uk.If you are not happy with our response, you have the right to complain to the national data protection authority, which is the Information Commissioner’s office (ICO) in the UK.Changes to Our Privacy PolicyAny changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate and practicable, publicised via our newsletters and other communications.This privacy policy was last updated on the 9th November 2018  Get Full Access
New ResearchManaging Technical Debt to Avoid Business Inertia …New PodcastsTabitha Goldstaub – AI, pivots and losing your identity …CIO WaterCooler TVTeam Building and CultureBarbara Gottardi shares her experience of joining a new organisation and how working virtually effects how you approach building high …
CIO WaterCooler HomeTopicsBusiness SystemsCareer & ProfileC-SuiteData & InsightDigitalDigital WorkplaceGovernanceInformation SecurityIT DeliveryPeople & SkillsStrategic & Tech VisionSystems & InfrastructureEventsVideosPodcastsProviders Directory Log In/Sign UP
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website and to allow us to understand the topics of most interest to our members and readers. Privacy policyAllowRefuse