http://claro.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Claro
Menu
+44 (0) 1423 867 413
Services
CNC Milling
CNC Turning
3D Printing
Mechanical Assembly
Mechanical Design Services
Quality Assured
Reducing Your Workload
Prototypes
Audio
Audio Equipment
Clarity Dual
Direct Drive Turntable
Clarity Dual Reviews
Case Studies
The Suture Cutter
The Turntable Deck
The Fishing Reel
Market Sectors
Aerospace
Detection & Direction Finding Equipment
Laser Systems
Medical
Electronics Housings & Microwave Filter Bodies
OEM
Subsea
Information
News
Manufacturing Capacity
Certification
Career Opportunities
Ethics & Community Engagement
Terms & Conditions of Sale
Terms & Conditions of Purchase
Contact
Enquiry Form
Who Can Help?
Claro Precision Engineering Limited is committed to protecting your privacy, and we take our responsibilities regarding the security of user information very seriously. This Privacy Statement sets out how we comply with both UK and European Union data protection requirements. We have structured our website so that you can visit without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. Once you choose to provide us with any information by which you can be identified, it will be used only to process enquiries. For your protection, we are registered under the Data Protection Act 1998 and have given all appropriate notifications to the Information Commissioner. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required to do so by law. You may ask that your details be removed from our system by writing to the address below.
What if you think we have incorrect information or you would like a copy of the information we hold about you?
Under the Data Protection Act 1998 you may request details of personal information which we hold about you. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to the address below or email us at: engineering@claro.co.uk
Data Protection Compliance
Claro Precision Engineering Limited
Units 4 & 5, Manse Lane Industrial Estate,
Knaresborough, North Yorkshire, HG5 8LF. United Kingdom
If you believe that any information we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, please write or email us as soon as possible to the above address. Any incorrect information will be corrected promptly.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Other Websites
This website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site you should note that we do not have any control over any other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting other sites and such sites are not governed by this Privacy Statement. You should exercise caution and read the Privacy Statement applicable to the website in question.
Your consent
By using this website you consent to the collection and use of this information by us for the purposes described above. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and in what circumstances we disclose it.
Non Disclosure
We at Claro recognise the need for confidentiality. We are happy to sign formal Non disclosure agreements with current and potential customers. In 25 years we have not had a single complaint about our performance in maintaining security of information. Standard NDAs are available on request. Talk to our Managing Director (see the “Who can help” section of the website for contact details) if you wish to discuss this aspect of our business.