https://clarionhealthcare.com/cookie-policy/
About this cookie policy
This Cookie Policy explains what cookies are and how we use them. You should read this policy to understand what cookies are, how we use them, the types of cookies we use i.e, the information we collect using cookies and how that information is used and how to control the cookie preferences. For further information on how we use, store, and keep your personal data secure, keep reading below.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Your consent applies to the following domains: clarionhealthcare.com
Your current state: No consent given. Manage your consent.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are used to store small pieces of information. The cookies are stored on your device when the website is loaded on your browser. These cookies help us make the website function properly, make the website more secure, provide better user experience, and understand how the website performs and to analyze what works and where it needs improvement.
How do we use cookies?
As most of the online services, our website uses first-party and third-party cookies for a number of purposes. First-party cookies are mostly necessary for the website to function the right way, and they do not collect any of your personally identifiable data. Third-party cookies used on our websites are used mainly for understanding how the website performs, how you interact with our website, keeping our services secure, providing advertisements that are relevant to you, and all in all providing you with a better and improved user experience and help speed up your future interactions with our website.
What types of cookies do we use?
The cookies used on our website are grouped into the following categories.NecessaryNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
AnalyticsAnalytics cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. which in turn help us understand behavior and create a better user experience.
PerformancePerformance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of this website which helps in delivering a better user experience for website visitors.
The below list details the cookies used on our website.CookieDescriptionNecessaryJSESSIONIDUsed by sites written in JSP. General purpose platform session cookies that are used to maintain users' state across page requests.viewed_cookie_policyThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessaryThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-non-necessaryThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Non Necessary".Analytics_gaThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, camapign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assigns a randoly generated number to identify unique visitors._gidThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the wbsite is doing. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages viisted in an anonymous form.Performance_gatThis cookies is installed by Google Universal Analytics to throttle the request rate to limit the collection of data on high traffic sites.
How can I control the cookie preferences?
You can manage your cookies preferences by clicking on the “Settings” button and enabling or disabling the cookie categories on the popup according to your preferences.
Should you decide to change your preferences later through your browsing session, you can click on the “Privacy & Cookie Policy” tab on your screen. This will display the consent notice again enabling you to change your preferences or withdraw your consent entirely.
In addition to this, different browsers provide different methods to block and delete cookies used by websites. You can change the settings of your browser to block/delete the cookies. To find out more about how to manage and delete cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Is Clarion the right place to advance your career?
Find out more about joining Clarion’s team of innovation advisors.
JOIN THE TEAM
A life sciences strategy and organizational consultancy that collaborates with its clients to envision, craft and enable growth through innovation and leadership.
CONTACT US
We use cookies on our website to improve and customize your experience if you continue to browse. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit Cookie Settings to provide controlled consent.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. However, opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
To view our full Cookie Policy, CLICK HERE
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Analytics
analytics
Analytics cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. which in turn help us understand behavior and create a better user experience.
Performance
performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of this website which helps in delivering a better user experience for website visitors.
Save & Accept