https://clarionhealthcare.com/who-we-help/
Who does Clarion help?
We advise start-ups and global multi-nationals; biotechs; specialty pharmaceutical firms; device and diagnostic firms; and venture capitalists, investors and private equity firms.
Who do we work with?
As strategists and organizational troubleshooters, Clarion works directly for a broad range of corporate, business unit and brand executives. Comfortable and experienced navigating organizations, Clarion works as a partner to engage highly cross-functional teams across R&D, new products, and medical and commercial organizations to align on issue definition, insight generation, option development and execution planning.
Clarion’s direct clients include:
• Executive sponsors: boards of directors, CEOs, CCOs
• Organizational leadership: business unit/therapeutic area leads
• Brand management and leadership
• Functional management: marketing excellence, insights/market research, access and reimbursement, portfolio strategy, sales management
• Private equity, venture capital and other investors
Disease Area Expertise
Clarion has worked across a highly diverse set of therapeutic areas. Leveraging our backgrounds in science, translational medicine, traditional medicine, and business, Clarion’s team delves deeply into the dynamics of each individual disease—understanding the relationship between the disease process, diagnosis, and therapeutic choice. Clarion’s 360-degree view enables the organization to help effectively guide your decision-making through meaningful insights and robust strategic thinking.
Cardiac Disease
Cardiac Disease
Clarion’s recent experience in cardiology includes the following conditions:
Acute myocardial infarction
Antithrombosis
Heart failure
Hypertension
Hypercholesterolemia
Central Nervous System (CNS)
Central Nervous System (CNS)
Clarion has been deeply involved across many CNS disorders—both in setting strategies at the franchise level as well as with products and opportunities specific to singular CNS disorders:
Psychiatric
Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)
Schizophrenia
Substance abuse disorder
Major depressive disorder
Anxiety
Bipolar disorder
Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)
Sleep disorders
Devices
Digital therapeutics
Neurology
Epilepsy
Multiple sclerosis
Parkinson’s disease
Dementia
Stroke
Muscular dystrophies and neuromuscular disorders
Pain
Neurodegenerative diseases
Rare/Ultra-Rare neuro disorders
Digital Therapeutics
Digital Therapeutics
A rapidly emerging therapeutic category, digital therapeutics are on the cusp of offering new solutions to patients across a range of mental health disorders. Clarion has worked with product innovators in this space to help tackle topics requiring new thinking and perspectives.
Business development support for advanced digital therapeutic – support for board-level negotiation
Demand estimation and revenue model for advanced digital therapeutic in Phase III
Dermatology
Dermatology
Clarion has developed a deep expertise in dermatology based on a unique and broad range of projects and client types in medical dermatology and aesthetics, including topicals, orals and injectables. Clarion has strong knowledge of the market dynamics and key considerations in dermatology from pre-approval through LCM. Clarion’s recent experience in dermatology includes the following conditions:
Acne
Atopic dermatitis
Psoriasis
Autoimmune disorders
Basal cell carcinomas
Aesthetics
Endocrine / Metabolic Disorders
Endocrine / Metabolic Disorders
Clarion has deep and broad expertise in endocrine and metabolic disorders leading to engagements that extend across all stages of product development, commercialization and beyond. Clarion’s recent work in endocrine and metabolic disorders includes the following conditions:
Diabetes
Complications of diabetes
Diabetes prevention
Obesity / insulin resistance
Metabolic syndrome
Cachexia
Growth disorders
Rare metabolic disorders
Gastro-Intestinal / Hepatology
Gastro-Intestinal / Hepatology
Clarion has significant experience partnering with biopharma in GI & hepatology across a broad range of diseases. Ongoing efforts to monitor developments in a rapidly evolving landscape combined with the opportunity to leverage our medical director’s background and expertise in GI/hepatology have uniquely positioned Clarion to support projects in this space. Our efforts in GI/hepatology include:
Indication prioritization to guide therapeutic area strategy aligned with broader organizational vision
Financial valuation to support go/no-go decisions for internal development or for external BD&L opportunities
Strategic support for organizational development and launch, including developing strategic approaches to patient segmentation, product profile, and trial design
Market sizing and buying process research, particularly for conditions with complex diagnostic/treatment paradigms and challenging socioeconomic dynamics
Projects in GI, liver, and pancreatic diseases spanning orphan, genetic, infectious, fibrotic, I&I, pediatric, multi-system, & oncology
Most recently, as NASH has emerged as an area with critical unmet need for patients and significant opportunity for biopharma, Clarion has contributed to industry-wide discussions, both by leading an expert panel discussion in collaboration with MassBio and by participating as a workshop partner at the 2018 NASH Summit
Immunology
Immunology
Rapid advancements in knowledge of the immune system and its relationship to a broad range of disorders has resulted in the emergence of a wide variety of therapeutic approaches aimed at treating diseases from atopic dermatitis to cancer. However, the complexity of the immune system continues to stand as a barrier to the tremendous potential to better treatments and cures.
Clarion has both the disease area expertise as well as the scientific knowledge depth pertaining to key technology platforms (gene-editing/alteration) that enable it to be an excellent partner as biopharma companies navigate this promising but perilous field.
Neonatology
Neonatology
Prematurity is a complex condition which can result in death or long-term disability. Clarion has built significant expertise in this area via work on overall entry strategies into neonatology, as well as work supporting specific disorders across various markets including US, EU, Japan, China, and Brazil. Specific areas of work include:
Retinopathy of prematurity
Bronchopulmonary dysplasia
Hyperbilirubinemia
Oncology
Oncology
We live in an era of unprecedented innovation and growth in cancer therapy. Although exciting, the profusion of approvals and pipeline regimens mean that new products have never faced more competition, and differentiation has never been more challenging. Clarion tackles the challenges with an oncology team with broad and deep expertise that enables us to provide a holistic perspective, anticipate future needs of early products, and draw lessons from a broad set of analogs. Clarion’s strategy experiences in oncology span a diverse set of:
Therapy types: Immunotherapy, engineered cell therapy, targeted therapy, novel chemotherapy
Functional areas: Marketing, Medical affairs, Market access, New Products, BD
Stakeholders: Oncologists, Pathologists/Lab directors, Payers, Patients, Nurses, and others
Cancer types: Solid and hematologic, common and rare, mutation-defined subsets, and others
Project types across the value chain
Ophthalmology
Ophthalmology
Clarion has a long-term interest in the highly specialized ophthalmology area where we combine our managing director’s in-depth knowledge of ophthalmic markets with the team’s scientific expertise in eye, retinal formation and next-generation technologies which are often first used in the eye. Over the years, we have successfully completed a broad range of projects in ophthalmology, including mass market ophthalmic products, devices and treatment for inherited retinal disorders. Recent areas of work include:
Dry eye
Wet age-related macular degeneration
Diabetic macular edema
Rare retinal disorders
Glaucoma
Therapeutic devices
Drug delivery devices
Rare Disease / Genetic Disorders
Rare Disease / Genetic Disorders
With over 7,000 rare diseases catalogued, the rare disease space is a complicated landscape consisting of a diverse set of disorders, many of which have profound impact on patients’ lives. Clarion has been focused on this space for the last 7+ years – and has assembled an internal team that maintains a consistent focus on the market, technologies, and emerging business strategies for rare disease consulting in the Boston area. Clarion’s consulting experiences in this space include:
Deep understanding of disorder and product requirements for success
Role of rare/genetic diseases in broader franchise contexts
Valuation of novel products/ technologies
Depth in multiple rare therapeutic areas including muscular dystrophies, movement disorders, neuromuscular disorders, neurodegenerative disorders, neuroimmunology, immunology, ophthalmology, hepatology, nephrology, dermatology and pulmonology
Advanced therapeutics, including gene therapy, antisense oligonucleotides, RNAi, cell therapies
Respiratory
Respiratory
Clarion has a long history in the respiratory space, including multiple product launches and portfolio strategy projects in the area. Fields of expertise include:
Asthma
Allergies
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)
Rare respiratory disorders
Lung transplantation
Transplant
Transplant
Transplant is a complex area where severely ill patients undergo procedures in which physicians and nurses have to balance multiple risks over long periods of time as they guide patients back to health. Clarion’s transplant group has built significant expertise in the area via 350+ hrs of interviews with key stakeholders, largely in renal transplantation and hematopoietic stem cell transplantation as we sought to understand this market at an overall franchise level and a product/disorder level. Recent projects have focused on:
Rejection and the prevention of rejection
Graft vs host disease
Stem cell mobilization
Opportunistic infections
Companies We Help
Global, Integrated Pharmaceutical Manufacturers
Specialty Pharmaceutical Manufacturers
Emerging Biotechnology Firms
Device/Diagnostic Companies
Venture Capital
Private Equity
Is Clarion the right place to advance your career?
Find out more about joining Clarion’s team of innovation advisors.
JOIN THE TEAM
A life sciences strategy and organizational consultancy that collaborates with its clients to envision, craft and enable growth through innovation and leadership.
CONTACT US
We use cookies on our website to improve and customize your experience if you continue to browse. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit Cookie Settings to provide controlled consent.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. However, opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
To view our full Cookie Policy, CLICK HERE
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Analytics
analytics
Analytics cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. which in turn help us understand behavior and create a better user experience.
Performance
performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of this website which helps in delivering a better user experience for website visitors.
Save & Accept