http://clayzee.master.com/texis/terms
MASTER.COM
WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
This Agreement is between you, the user of the services at this site
("Sponsor"), and Master.com, Inc., the company that provides the services
available at this site.
This Agreement defines the terms and conditions of
use of the services provided by Master.com.
Please review these terms and
conditions; by proceeding past this page or by utilizing the Master.com
website, you agree to adhere to the following terms and conditions.
1.
Definitions.
For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
shall have the stated meanings:
A.
"Sponsor" means the individual or legal entity that is utilizing
any Services provided by Master.com, other than a "User."
B.
"Master.com" means Master.com, Inc., 815 Superior Ave E Ste 2005,
Cleveland, OH 44114.
C.
"You" or "User" shall mean the individual or legal entity that is
utilizing any Services provided by Master.com, other than a Sponsor.
D.
"User Information" means all information, including text,
graphics, messages, data, images, sound, or e-mail addresses, provided by a
User that is published or reproduced on Sponsor's site or by utilization of
Master.com's Services, or privately transmitted by use of Master.com or
Sponsor's Services, and includes listings and descriptions of goods and
services for sale and any feedback or comments regarding other Users or
goods or services being offered for sale.
E.
"Services" means the search, message board, stock quotes, auction
and classified, feedback manager, custom news, poll maker, form maker and
other services offered by Master.com.
2.
Eligibility.
Master.com offers its Services only to individuals
and legal entities that are capable of entering into legally binding
agreements.
If Sponsor or User is a minor (i.e., under the age of 18), or
otherwise incapable of entering into a binding agreement, Sponsor or User
is not authorized to utilize Master.com's Services.
Master.com may suspend
or terminate eligibility if it determines, in its good faith judgment, that
Sponsor or User has engaged in fraudulent or improper activity in
connection with the utilization of Master.com's Services.
To be eligible
to use Master.com's Services, Sponosr or User must comply with all
applicable laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations, including, but not
limited to, United States laws on export controls, regulations promulgated
by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any rules of any national
or other securities exchange, including, without limitation, the New York
Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ, and any
regulations having the force of law.
Sponsor or User may not use the
Services to:
A.
Publish or transmit any User Information that is unlawful,
harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar,
obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially,
ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
B.
Falsely identify yourself as any other person or entity to another
User, falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a
person or entity, or impersonate another User;
C.
Disguise the source or origin of any User Information;
D.
Publish or transmit any User Information that Sponsor or User does
not have a legal right to publish or transmit (such as trade secret or
other proprietary information, inside information, or information subject
to a confidentiality agreement);
E.
Publish or transmit any User Information that infringes any
patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual property
of a third party;
F.
Publish or transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising,
promotional materials, spam, unwelcome e-mail, or any other form of
solicitation;
G.
Publish or transmit any material that contains software viruses or
any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy
or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or
telecommunications equipment;
H.
Interfere with or disrupt the software or hardware providing the
Services;
3.
Consideration.
Master.com does not charge Sponsor any fees for
utilization of the Services, but does include advertising from third
parties on the service portion of the page provided by Master.com.
Master.com retains all revenues from that advertising; Sponsor acknowledges
that it is not entitled to any portion of the advertising revenues received
by Master.com.
Master.com may charge Users for utilization of Master.com's
auction services, advertising or increasing the scope of a service beyond
its baseline efficacy.
Master.com's current fees to Users are listed at
http://www.master.com/fees.html.
Unless otherwise stated, all fees are
quoted in U.S. Dollars. Master.com's charges will be in addition to any
charges imposed by Sponsor for utilization of its site.
4.
Services.
To utilize the Services, Sponsor must register or log
in.
5.
Disclaimers.
A.
Master.com is a Forum.
Master.com does not screen User
Information, but retains the right to remove any User Information from
Sponsor's site at any time.
Master.com's auction Services provide a forum
for Users to list goods or services for sale and for Users to bid on goods
or services. Master.com is not involved in the actual transaction between a
buyer and seller. Master.com has no control over the quality, safety or
legality of the goods or services listed, the truth or accuracy of the
listings, the ability of a User to sell any particular good or service or
the ability of a User to purchase any particular good or service.
Master.com cannot guarantee or ensure that a buyer or seller will actually
complete a transaction.
B.
Accuracy of User Information. All User Information is the
responsibility of that User.
Master.com does not control the content of
the User Information that is made available through Master.com's Services.
Other Users may believe the User Information to be harmful, inaccurate,
deceptive or offensive.
Users should exercise caution, common sense, and
practice safe trading when using Master.com's Services.
Users should
understand that they assume the risk of dealing with foreign nationals,
underage persons or people acting under false pretense.
Authentication of
a User's identity on the Internet is not always possible; Master.com,
therefore, cannot and does not confirm each User's purported identity.
C.
Release.
If, as a result of Sponsor's use of Master.com's
Services, it has a dispute with one or more Users, Sponsor releases
Master.com, its affiliates, officers, directors, agents, and employees from
all claims, demands and damages of every kind and nature, known and
unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out
of or in any way connected with the dispute. If Sponsor or User is a
California resident, it waives California Civil Code §1542, which says: "A
general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know
or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release,
which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the
debtor."
D.
No Warranty.
MASTER.COM AND ITS SUPPLIERS PROVIDE SERVICES "AS
IS" AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY.
MASTER.COM AND ITS SUPPLIERS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT.
MASTER.COM AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (i)
THE SERVICES WILL MEET SPONSOR'S OR USER'S REQUIREMENTS, (ii) THE SERVICES
WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (iii) THE RESULTS
THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR
RELIABLE, (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER
MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY SPONSOR OR A USER THROUGH THE SERVICES
WILL MEET SPONSOR'S OR THE USER'S EXPECTATIONS, AND (v) ANY ERRORS IN THE
SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED.
ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED
THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICES IS DONE AT SPONSOR'S OWN AND ANY USER'S
DISCRETION AND RISK AND SPONSOR WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE
TO ITS COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF
ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN,
OBTAINED BY SPONSOR FROM MASTER.COM AND ITS SUPPLIERS OR THROUGH OR FROM
THE SERVICES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS
AGREEMENT.
Some states do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties,
so the foregoing disclaimer may not apply to Sponsor. This warranty gives
you specific legal rights and you may also have other legal rights that
vary from state to state.
E.
NO FINANCIAL SERVICES WARRANTY.
THE EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES
APPLIES SPECIFICALLY TO ANY SPONSOR OR USER WHO INTENDS TO USE THE SERVICES
TO OBTAIN STOCK QUOTATIONS OR TO TRACK INVESTMENTS.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION
IS PROVIDED FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY.
MASTER.COM AND ITS SUPPLIERS
MAKE NO WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE ACCURACY, USEFULLNESS, COMPLETENESS,
RELIABILITY, OR AVAILABILITY OF ANY INFORMATION TRANSMITTED VIA
MASTER.COM'S SERVICES.
SPONSOR AND ALL USERS ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR
ANY INVESTMENT DECISIONS MADE BASED ON ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM
MASTER.COM AND ITS SUPPLIERS.
F.
Liability Limitation.
IN NO EVENT SHALL MASTER.COM OR ITS
SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO SPONSOR OR ANY USER FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER
INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF MASTER.COM AND ITS SUPPLIERS HAVE BEEN ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM: (i) THE USE OR THE
INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES; (ii) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES
PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO
THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICES; (iii) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF
SPONSOR'S OR USER'S TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (iv) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF
ANY THIRD PARTY; OR (v) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICES.
MASTER.COM OR ITS SUPPLIERS' LIABILITY TO SPONSOR OR USER OR ANY THIRD
PARTIES IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCE IS LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF (A) THE AMOUNT OF
FEES THE RECOVERING PARTY PAID TO MASTER.COM IN THE 12 MONTHS PRIOR TO THE
ACTION GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY, OR (B) $100. Some states do not allow this
limitation of liability, so the foregoing limitation may not apply to you.
G.
Indemnity.
Sponsor agrees to indemnify and hold Master.com and
its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, and employees,
and any providers of data used on Sponsor's site or the Master.com site,
harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees,
made by any User or other third party due to or arising out of Sponsor's
breach of this Agreement or the documents it incorporates by reference, or
Sponsor's violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
H.
Modification to Services.
Master.com may at any time and from
time to time modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the
Services it offers, with or without notice.
Master.com is not liable to
Sponsor or to any User or other third party for any modification,
suspension or discontinuance of its Services.
I.
Dealings with Third Parties.
Through Sponsor's use of the
Services, Sponsor may be exposed to promotions or advertisements.
Any
business or other transactions between Sponsor and the promoters or
advertisers, including payment and delivery of any goods or services, and
any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations, are solely
between Sponsor and the advertiser or promoter.
Master.com is not liable
for any claims arising out of Sponsor's business or other dealings with any
such advertiser or promoter.
J.
Hyperlinks.
Through Sponsor's use of the Services, Sponsor may be
provided with hyperlinks to other Internet sites or resources.
Master.com
has no control over those sites and resources.
Sponsor acknowledges that
Master.com is not responsible for the availability of those hyperlinked
sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable
for any information, advertising, products, or other materials on or
available from those sites or resources. Sponsor further acknowledge that
Master.com shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for
any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with
use of or reliance on any such information, goods or services available on
or through any such site or resource.
6.
Misuse of Site.
This web site contains robot exclusion headers
and Sponsor agrees that it will not use any robot, spider, other automatic
device, or manual process to monitor or copy Master.com's web pages or the
content in those pages without the prior written consent of Master.com.
Sponsor will not use any device, software or routine to interfere or
attempt to interfere with the proper working of Master.com's site.
Sponsor
will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately
large load on Master.com's infrastructure. Sponsor will not copy,
reproduce, alter, modify, create derivative works, or publicly display any
content from Master.com's website without its prior written consent.
7.
Intellectual Property Rights.
A.
The content on this site, including all text, graphics, logos,
button icons, images, audio clips, and software, and the collection,
arrangement, and assembly of that content, is the property of Master.com,
or its content suppliers and is protected by U.S. and international
copyright laws. Master.com or its software suppliers own all software used
on this site and the software is protected by U.S. and international
copyright laws. Any use of the software or content of this site that is
inconsistent with the site's purpose, including the reproduction,
modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display, or
performance, is strictly prohibited.
B.
Master.com retains the rights to all trademarks, tradenames,
service marks, service names and logos ("Marks") on this site.
No Marks
may be used in any manner that is likely to cause confusion as to the
source or origin of any goods or services, or in any manner that disparages
or discredits Master.com.
C.
This site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold,
or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose that is not expressly
permitted by Master.com.
D.
Master.com respects the intellectual property rights of others. If
you believe that this site in any way infringes on Sponsor's rights, or the
rights of a third party, please notify Master.com of your concerns at
support@master.com.
8.
Term and Termination.
This Agreement shall remain in effect until
terminated by one of the parties, with or without cause, and with or
without notice.
Master.com shall not be liable to Sponsor, any User or to
any third parties for any damages arising out of Master.com's termination
of this Agreement.
Without limiting other remedies, Master.com may
immediately issue a warning, temporarily suspend, indefinitely suspend or
terminate Sponsor's eligibility and refuse to provide Services to Sponsor:
(a) if Sponsor breaches this Agreement or the documents it incorporates by
reference; (b) if Master.com is unable to verify or authenticate any
information Sponsor provides; or (c) if Master.com believes that Sponsor's
actions may cause legal liability for Sponsor, Users or Master.com.
9.
Privacy Policy.
To provide Services, Master.com collects information about Sponsors
and Users. Some of the information Master.com collects can be used to
personally identify Sponsors and Users ("Personal Information").
By
utilizing Master.com's services, or by accepting the terms of this
Agreement, Sponsor and Users expressly consent to Master.com's use and
disclosure of Personal Information as outlined below.
A.
Ways in which Personal Information is Collected.
i.
During registration or log in, Sponsor or Users will be required
to provide Master.com with certain information, including an e-mail
address.
Often, Sponsor or Users will need to provide additional contact
and other personal information.
A User will need to select a User Name; if
the User does not, Master.com will assign a User Name (usually the User's
email address).
In addition to information provided by Sponsor and Users
during the registration process, Master.com automatically collects
"click-over" information, such as the URL from which the User just came,
the URL to which the User next goes, the browser the User is using, and the
User's IP address.
Master.com may also automatically collect other
information about a User.
ii.
Master.com uses cookies.
Master.com's Services will not operate
properly without the use of cookies.
A cookie is data that Master.com
sends to a User's web browser and that is stored on the User's hard drive.
Master.com uses cookies to collect and track data about Users.
iii.
Master.com may collect information about Users' bidding, buying
and selling behavior. Master.com may also collect information about Users
from that User's or other Users' postings on a Message Board.
iv.
Master.com will collect billing address, credit card number and
credit card expiration date for Users who establish a credit account with
Master.com.
In some instances, Master.com may need to collect additional
information, including and tracking information from checks or money
orders.
v.
Master.com may collect information about a User in a file specific
to that User from any communications, such as phone calls, letters or
emails, that Master.com receives, whether from the User or others, relating
to a User's activities or postings in connection with the User's use of the
Services. Once posted, Sponsor cannot change or remove any public postings
made in a Master.com Message Board.
vi. Following registration, Sponsor can review and change the
information it submitted during registration.
Sponsor must promptly update
its information if it changes.
Under some circumstances, such as to
resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce this Agreement,
Master.com will retain in its files information Sponsor may have requested
to be removed. Further, such prior information is never completely removed
from Master.com's databases due to technical constraints and the fact that
Master.com backs up its systems. Therefore, Sponsor should not expect that
all personally identifiable information will be completely removed from
Master.com's databases in response to any requests.
vii.
Children are not eligible to use our services and Master.com
requests that minors (under the age of 18) do not submit any Personal
Information to Master.com.
B.
Ways in which Personal Information is Used by Master.com.
i.
In general, Master.com does not sell or rent any Personal
Information to third parties.
Master.com may use Personal Information for
its own marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site
usage, to improve site content and product offerings and to customize site
content, layout, and services.
Master.com may aggregate Personal
Information and disclose the aggregated information to advertisers.
Master.com, however, does not disclose to advertisers any information that
could be used to personally identify a Sponsor or User. Master.com does not
disclose information such as passwords, credit card numbers, and bank
account numbers, to third parties, whether or not aggregated.
ii.
Master.com may use Personal Information to deliver information to
Users that is targeted to a User's interests.
Users can remove themselves
from receiving some of this information by changing the appropriate option
during registration or on their browser.
Master.com may use Personal
Information to contact a User regarding administrative notices, new product
offerings, and communications relevant to a User's use of the Services.
iii.
Master.com will use Personal Information, as well as other
information about a User, to bill a User if the User chooses to conduct an
auction on Sponsor's site or open a credit account.
iv.
Master.com may use Personal Information and other information
collected about a User or multiple Users to resolve disputes, troubleshoot
problems and enforce this Agreement.
Master.com may evaluate a User's
information to look for Users using multiple User Names or aliases.
v.
Master.com cooperates with law enforcement inquires and other
third parties to enforce laws, intellectual property and other rights.
Therefore, local, state, federal and international law enforcement can
request and may receive Personal Information.
Master.com also retains the
right to disclose any information about Sponsor or Users to law enforcement
or other governmental officials as Master.com, in its sole discretion,
believes necessary or appropriate, in connection with any investigation of
fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is
illegal or may expose Master.com or Sponsor to legal liability.
C.
Use of Personal Information by Third Parties.
i.
Use of Master.com's services requires a User Name.
If a User
selects his or her email address as the User Name, the User will thereby
disclose the User's email address to other Users and third parties.
Similarly, to facilitate interaction among all users of Sponsor's Site,
Master.com's Services allow Users to access other Users' contact
information. Further, a seller will be sent via email the User Name, email
address and other information of the winning bidder(s), and a winning
bidder will be sent via email the User Name, email address and other
information of the seller. Consequently, other Users or third parties might
send unsolicited email or be able to identify all of the User's activities
on Sponsor's site. Although Master.com's pages have robot exclusion
headers, others may attempt to automatically collect email addresses from
Sponsor's site. Even if the User Name is not an email address, the User
Name can be used to identify the User and his or her activities throughout
the site. Other people can see the User's bids, items that the User has won
in the past, and comments about that User posted on a Message Board, etc.
ii.
This Agreement only addresses the use and disclosure of
information Master.com collects from Sponsor and Users. To the extent that
Sponsor or Users disclose information to other parties, whether they are
bidders, buyers or sellers on Master.com's system or other sites throughout
the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the
Personal Information disclosed to them. Master.com uses third party
advertisers that adhere to their own privacy customs and policies. Since
Master.com does not control the privacy policies of third parties, Sponsor
and Users are subject to the privacy customs and policies of that third
party. Master.com encourages Sponsor and Users to ask questions before
disclosing Personal Information to others.
D.
License to Use Personal Information.
i.
Master.com hereby grants to Sponsor a license to use a User's
Personal Information that Sponsor may obtain from Master.com only for: (a)
Master.com-related communications that are not unsolicited commercial
messages, (b) any other purpose that such User expressly opts into after
adequate disclosure of the purpose(s). In all cases, Sponsor must give
Users an opportunity to remove themselves from its database and a chance to
review what information Sponsor has collected about them. In addition,
under no circumstances, except as defined in this Section, can Sponsor
disclose Personal Information about a User to any third party without the
consent of both Master.com and the User after adequate disclosure. Law
enforcement personnel are given different rights with respect to
information they access.
ii.
Master.com does not tolerate spam. Sponsor is not licensed to add
a User, even a User who purchased an auction item from Sponsor's site, to
its mail list (email or physical mail) without that User's express consent
after adequate disclosure.
E.
Privacy Policy Disclaimer.
Master.com cannot ensure that all Personal Information, private
communications or other sensitive User Information will never be disclosed
in ways not otherwise described in this Agreement.
For example, Master.com
may be required to disclose information in response to a subpoena or some
other form of legal process, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or
access transmissions or private communications.
Therefore, although
Master.com uses industry standard practices to protect privacy, it does not
promise, and Sponsor and Users should not expect, that Personal Information
or private communications will remain private.
"Perfect security" does not
exist on the Internet.
10.
No Agency.
Master.com and Sponsor are independent contractors,
and no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or
franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by this
Agreement.
11.
Notices.
Except as explicitly stated otherwise, any notices
shall be given to Master.com by postal at 815 Superior Ave E Ste 2005,
Cleveland, OH 44114 or by e-mail at support@master.com.
Notices shall be
given to Sponsor at the email address you provide to Master.com during the
registration process.
Notice shall be deemed given 24 hours after email is
sent, unless the sending party is notified that the email address is
invalid, or 3 days after the date of mailing.
12.
Arbitration.
Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating
to this Agreement or Master.com's Services shall be settled by binding
arbitration in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the
American Arbitration Association. Any such controversy or claim shall be
arbitrated on an individual basis, and shall not be consolidated in any
arbitration with any claim or controversy of any other party. The
arbitration shall be conducted in Cleveland, Ohio, and judgment on the
arbitration award may be entered by any court having jurisdiction thereof.
Either party may seek any interim or preliminary relief from a court of
competent jurisdiction in Cleveland, Ohio necessary to protect the rights
or property of that party pending the completion of arbitration.
All
parties consent to venue and jurisdiction in the state and federal courts
located in Cleveland, Ohio for purposes of such action.
Any arbitration
award shall be private, and shall not have preclusive effect in any
proceeding involving other parties.
13. Additional Terms.
A.
Disruptions in Service.
Master.com does not guarantee continuous,
uninterrupted or secure access to its Services.
Master.com shall not be
liable for any disruptions in Services, including the inability to place or
receive bids due to network traffic or server downtime.
B.
Applicable Law.
This Agreement shall be governed in all respects
by the laws of the State of Ohio as if this agreements were entered into
and to be performed entirely within Ohio between Ohio residents.
C.
Amendments.
Sponsor may not amend this Agreement except by
obtaining consent to the Amendment in a document signed by authorized
representatives of Sponsor and Master.com.
Master.com may amend the terms
of this Agreement by posting a revised Agreement on Master.com's web site.
The terms of the revised Agreement shall be effective 14 days after
posting.
D.
Miscellaneous.
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be
invalid or unenforceable, it shall be struck and the remaining provisions
shall be enforced. Headings are for reference purposes only and in no way
define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of the section.
Master.com's failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does
not waive the right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches.
This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding and agreement between
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.
E. Disclosures.
The Services covered by this Agreement are offered by
Master.com, 815 Superior Ave E Ste 2005, Cleveland, OH 44114.
If you are
a California resident, you may have this same information emailed to you by
sending a letter to the foregoing address with your email address and a
request for this information. Fees for our services are described at
http://www.master.com/fees.html.
14.
User Agreement.
Sponsor must include the following User
Agreement on its web site and require that all Services provided by
Master.com through Sponsor to any Users be subject to its terms and
conditions.
Although the User Agreement is a three party agreement between
the User, Master.com and Sponsor, the User Agreement does not necessarily
address all issues that Sponsor may want to include in an agreement with
the users of its site.
Sponsor, therefore, should consult with counsel to
determine whether it needs to prepare any supplement to the User Agreement
to address issues specific to Sponsor's site.
Sponsor may supplement the
terms of the User Agreement, but Sponsor may not alter, amend or modify any
of the terms of the User Agreement without Master.com's prior written
approval.
In the case of any conflicts between the User Agreement and any
supplemental terms and conditions prepared by Sponsor, the User Agreement
shall prevail.
WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
(USER AGREEMENT)
This Agreement is between and among you, the user of the Services on
this site, Master.com, Inc., the company that provides some of the Services
available on this site, and Sponsor, the operator of the site.
This
Agreement defines the terms and conditions of use of the Services provided
by Master.com.
1.
Definitions.
For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
shall have the stated meanings:
A.
"You" or "User" shall mean the individual or legal entity that is
utilizing any Services provided by Master.com, other than a Sponsor.
B.
"Master.com" means Master.com, Inc., 815 Superior Ave E Ste 2005,
Cleveland, OH 44114.
C.
"User Information" means all information, including text,
graphics, messages, data, images, sound, or e-mail addresses, provided by a
User that is published or reproduced on this site or by utilization of
Master.com's Services, or privately transmitted by use of Master.com or
Sponsor's Services, and includes listings and descriptions of goods and
services for sale and any feedback or comments regarding other Users or
goods or services being offered for sale.
D.
"Services" means the auction, classified, stock quote, message
board, and other services offered by Master.com.
E.
"Sponsor" means the operator of this site.
2.
Eligibility.
Master.com offers its Services only to individuals
and legal entities that are capable of entering into legally binding
agreements.
If User is a minor (i.e., under the age of 18), or otherwise
incapable of entering into a binding agreement, you are not authorized to
utilize Master.com's Services.
Sponsor or Master.com may suspend or
terminate your eligibility if either determines, in its good faith
judgment, that you have engaged in fraudulent or improper activity in
connection with this site.
To be eligible to use this site and
Master.com's Services, you must comply with all applicable laws, statutes,
ordinances and regulations, including, but not limited to, United States
laws on export controls, regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission, any rules of any national or other securities
exchange, including, without limitation, the New York Stock Exchange, the
American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ, and any regulations having the force
of law.
You may not use the Services or this site to:
A.
Publish or transmit any User Information that is unlawful,
harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar,
obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially,
ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
B.
Falsely identify yourself as any other person or entity to another
User, falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a
person or entity, or impersonate another User;
D.
Disguise the source or origin of any User Information;
D.
Publish or transmit any User Information that you do not have a
legal right to publish or transmit (such as trade secret or other
proprietary information, inside information, or information subject to a
confidentiality agreement);
E.
Publish or transmit any User Information that infringes any
patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual property
of a third party;
F.
Publish or transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising,
promotional materials, spam, unwelcome e-mail, or any other form of
solicitation;
G.
Publish or transmit any material that contains software viruses or
any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy
or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or
telecommunications equipment;
H.
Interfere with another User's ability to use the Services or this
site or harass another User;
I.
Interfere with or disrupt the software or hardware providing the
Services or hosting this site;
J.
Collect or store personal data about other Users.
3.
Fees.
Master.com does not charge the Sponsor any fees for
utilization of the Services offered by Master.com.
Master.com may charge
User for utilization of Master.com's auction services, advertising or
increasing the scope of a service beyond its baseline efficacy.
Master.com's current fees to Users are listed at
http://www.master.com/fees.html.
Unless otherwise stated, all fees are
quoted in U.S. Dollars. User is responsible for paying all fees associated
with using Sponsor's site or Master.com's Services, and all applicable
taxes.
Master.com's charges will be in addition to any charges imposed by
Sponsor for utilization of its site.
4.
User Name, Password and Security.
To utilize the Services, you
must register with Master.com.
At a minimum, you will need to provide
Master.com with an e-mail address.
For some Services, you will also have
to provide additional identifying information.
You will need to select a
User Name.
You can change your User Name at any time.
You will also
receive a password.
You are responsible for maintaining the
confidentiality of your password.
You should not disclose your password to
any third parties.
If you lose control of your password, you may lose
substantial control over your personally identifiable information.
You are
fully responsible for all activities that take place with your User Name
and password.
If your password has been compromised for any reason, you
should immediately change your password.
You must notify Sponsor and
Master.com of any unauthorized use of your password or User Name or any
other breach of security.
5.
Disclaimers.
A.
Master.com is a Forum.
Master.com does not screen User
Information, but retains the right, along with Sponsor, to remove any User
Information from this site at any time.
Master.com's auction Services
provide a forum for Users to list goods or services for sale and for Users
to bid on goods or services. Master.com is not involved in the actual
transaction between a buyer and seller. Master.com has no control over the
quality, safety or legality of the goods or services listed, the truth or
accuracy of the listings, the ability of a User to sell any particular good
or service or the ability of a User to purchase any particular good or
service.
Master.com cannot guarantee or ensure that a buyer or seller will
actually complete a transaction.
B.
Accuracy of User Information. All User Information is the
responsibility of that User.
Master.com does not control the content of
the User Information that is made available through Master.com's Services.
Other Users may believe the User Information to be harmful, inaccurate,
deceptive or offensive.
Users should exercise caution, common sense, and
practice safe trading when using Master.com's Services.
Users should
understand that they assume the risk of dealing with foreign nationals,
underage persons or people acting under false pretense.
Authentication of
a User's identity on the Internet is not always possible; Master.com,
therefore, cannot and does not confirm each User's purported identity.
You
may wish to consider using a third party escrow service or services that
provide additional User verification.
C.
Release.
If, as a result of your use of Master.com's Services,
you have a dispute with one or more other Users, you release Sponsor and
Master.com, their affiliates, officers, directors, agents, and employees
from all claims, demands and damages of every kind and nature, known and
unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out
of or in any way connected with your dispute. If you are a California
resident, you waive California Civil Code §1542, which says: "A general
release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or
suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which
if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the
debtor."
D.
No Warranty.
SPONSOR, MASTER.COM AND THEIR SUPPLIERS PROVIDE
SERVICES "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR
STATUTORY. SPONSOR, MASTER.COM AND THEIR SUPPLIERS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM
ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. SPONSOR, MASTER.COM AND THEIR SUPPLIERS MAKE
NO WARRANTY THAT (i) THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (ii) THE
SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (iii) THE
RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE
OR RELIABLE, (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR
OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL MEET
YOUR EXPECTATIONS, AND (V) ANY ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED.
ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE
SERVICES IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE
SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA
THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
NO ADVICE OR
INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM SPONSOR,
MASTER.COM AND THEIR SUPPLIERS OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICES SHALL CREATE
ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT.
Some states do not
allow the disclaimer of implied warranties, so the foregoing disclaimer may
not apply to you. This warranty gives you specific legal rights and you may
also have other legal rights that vary from state to state.
E.
NO FINANCIAL SERVICES WARRANTY.
THE EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES
APPLIES SPECIFICALLY TO ANY USER WHO INTENDS TO USE THE SERVICES TO OBTAIN
STOCK QUOTATIONS OR TO TRACK INVESTMENTS.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION IS
PROVIDED FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY.
SPONSOR, MASTER.COM AND THEIR
SUPPLIERS MAKE NO WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE ACCURACY, USEFULLNESS,
COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY, OR AVAILABILITY OF ANY INFORMATION TRANSMITTED
VIA MASTER.COM'S SERVICES.
USER IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY INVESTMENT
DECISIONS MADE BASED ON ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM SPONSOR, MASTER.COM
AND THEIR SUPPLIERS.
F.
Liability Limitation.
IN NO EVENT SHALL SPONSOR, MASTER.COM OR
THEIR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES
FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN
IF SPONSOR, MASTER.COM AND THEIR SUPPLIERS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM: (i) THE USE OR THE INABILITY
TO USE THE SERVICES; (ii) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND
SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED
OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR
FROM THE SERVICES; (iii) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR
TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (iv) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY; OR
(v) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICES.SPONSOR, MASTER.COM OR THEIR
SUPPLIERS' LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTIES IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCE IS
LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF (A) THE AMOUNT OF FEES YOU PAY TO SPONSOR OR
MASTER.COM IN THE 12 MONTHS PRIOR TO THE ACTION GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY,
OR (B) $100. Some states do not allow this limitation of liability, so the
foregoing limitation may not apply to you.
G.
Indemnity.
You agree to indemnify and hold Sponsor and Master.com
and their subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, and
employees, and any providers of data used on this site or the Master.com
site, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys'
fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your breach of this
Agreement or the documents it incorporates by reference, or your violation
of any law or the rights of a third party.
H.
Modification to Services.
Master.com may at any time and from
time to time modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the
Services it offers, with or without notice.
Master.com is not liable to
you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or
discontinuance of its Services.
I.
Dealings with Third Parties.
Through your use of this site, you
may be exposed to promotions or advertisements.
Any business or other
transactions between you and the promoters or advertisers, including
payment and delivery of any goods or services, and any other terms,
conditions, warranties or representations, are solely between you and the
advertiser or promoter.
Master.com and Sponsor are not liable for any
claims arising out of your business or other dealings with any such
advertiser or promoter.
J.
Hyperlinks.
Through your use of this site, you may be provided
with hyperlinks to other Internet sites or resources.
Master.com has no
control over those sites and resources.
You acknowledge that Master.com is
not responsible for the availability of those hyperlinked sites or
resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any
information, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from
those sites or resources. You further acknowledge that Master.com shall not
be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss
caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance
on any such information, goods or services available on or through any such
site or resource.
6.
License.
User grants to Sponsor and Master.com a royalty-free,
perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive and fully sublicensable right and
license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create
derivative works from, distribute, perform and display any User Information
you provide to Master.com or this site (in whole or part) worldwide and/or
to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now
known or later developed. Master.com will only use User Information in
accordance with the Privacy Policy set forth below.
7.
Listing Goods or Services For Sale.
A.
Description.
Consistent with the terms and conditions of the
Sponsor's site, User may list for sale any goods or services that User has
the legal right to sell. You must supply the description of the goods or
services for sale.
You may use text, graphics or pictures to describe the
goods or services for sale.
You are solely responsible for the accuracy of
the User Information you provide to Master.com.
You represent and warrant
that User Information that you provide in connection with a listing of
goods or services for sale (1) shall not be false, inaccurate or
misleading; (2) shall not be fraudulent or involve the sale of counterfeit
or stolen items; (3) shall not infringe any third party's copyright,
patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of
publicity or privacy; (4) shall not violate any law, statute, ordinance or
regulation, including without limitation those governing export control,
consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false
advertising; (5) shall not be defamatory, trade libelous, unlawfully
threatening or unlawfully harassing; (6) shall not be obscene or contain
child pornography or, is otherwise adult in nature or harmful to minors;
(7) shall not contain any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs,
cancelbots or other computer programming routines that are intended to
damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or
expropriate any system, data or personal information; (8) shall not create
liability for Master.com or Sponsor or cause Master.com or Sponsor to lose
(in whole or in part) the services of their ISPs or other suppliers; and
(9) shall not link directly or indirectly to or include descriptions of
goods or services that: (a) are prohibited under this Agreement; (b) are
identical to other items you have up for auction but are priced lower than
your item's reserve or minimum bid amount; (c) are concurrently listed for
auction on a web site other than this site; or (d) you do not have a right
to link to or include.
If a User posts a Description in violation of this
paragraph, either Sponsor or Master.com may remove the Description.
Both
Sponsor and Master.com have absolute discretion to determine whether or not
a Description violates this paragraph.
As an alternative to removal of the
Description, either Sponsor or Master.com can request User to revise the
Description to have it conform to the requirements of this paragraph.
B.
Categories.
All goods and services must be listed in an
appropriate category. All Dutch auction items must be identical (the size,
color, make, and model all must be the same for each item).
C.
Binding Bids. Except for goods or services listed in a Non-Binding
Bid category, if you receive at least one bid at or above your stated
minimum price (or in the case of reserve auctions, at or above the reserve
price), you are obligated to complete the transaction with the highest
bidder upon the auction's completion, unless an exceptional circumstance
exists, such as: (1) the buyer fails to meet the terms of your listing
(such as payment method), or (2) you cannot authenticate the buyer's
identity.
D.
Restrictions.
At any one time you may not use Master.com's
Services to offer for sale identical goods or services in more than ten
listings, whether Dutch or regular auction style.
Furthermore, you may not
list any good or service, or consummate any transaction that was initiated
using Master.com's Services that, by paying applicable fees, could cause
Master.com or Sponsor to violate any applicable law, statute, ordinance or
regulation.
8.
Bidding and Buying.
As a User of this site, you are entitled to
bid on any goods or services listed on this site.
If you bid, you are
obligated to complete the transaction with the seller if you are the
highest bidder at the end of an auction (meeting the applicable minimum bid
or reserve requirements) and your bid is accepted by the seller, unless the
item is listed in a Non-Binding Bid category, or if the transaction is
prohibited by law or by this Agreement. By bidding on a good or service you
agree to be bound by the conditions of sale included in the Description (or
linked to from the description) so long as those conditions of sale are not
in violation of this Agreement or unlawful. Bids are not retractable except
in exceptional circumstances such as when the seller materially changes the
Description after you bid, a clear typographical error is made, or you
cannot authenticate the seller's identity. If you choose to bid on adult
items, you are certifying that you have the legal right to purchase such
items.
If you bid, you consent to a credit check being run on you.
9.
Manipulation. Neither bidders nor sellers may manipulate the price
of any good or service nor may you interfere with other User's listings or
auctions.
10.
Misuse of Site.
This web site contains robot exclusion headers
and you agree that you will not use any robot, spider, other automatic
device, or manual process to monitor or copy Sponsor's or Master.com's web
pages or the content in those pages without the prior written consent of
the proprietor of the page.
You will not use any device, software or
routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of
Sponsor or Master.com's site, or any auction being conducted using
Master.com's Services.
You will not take any action that imposes an
unreasonable or disproportionately large load on Sponsor's or Master.com's
infrastructure. You will not copy, reproduce, alter, modify, create
derivative works, or publicly display any content (except for your own User
Information) from Sponsor or Master.com's website without the prior written
consent of the proprietor of the page or the appropriate third party.
11.
Term and Termination.
This Agreement shall remain in effect
until terminated by one of the parties, with or without cause, and with or
without notice.
Master.com shall not be liable to User or to any third
parties for any damages arising out of Master.com's termination of this
Agreement.
Without limiting other remedies, Sponsor or Master.com may
immediately issue a warning, temporarily suspend, indefinitely suspend or
terminate your eligibility and refuse to provide Services to you: (a) if
you breach this Agreement or the documents it incorporates by reference;
(b) if either is unable to verify or authenticate any information you
provide; or (c) if either believes that your actions may cause legal
liability for you, other Users or Sponsor or Master.com.
12.
Privacy Policy.
To provide Services, Master.com collects information about Users. Some
of the information Master.com collects can be used to personally identify
Users ("Personal Information").
By utilizing Master.com's services, or by
accepting the terms of this Agreement, you expressly consent to
Master.com's use and disclosure of Personal Information as outlined below.
A.
Ways in which Personal Information is Collected.
i.
During registration you will be required to provide Master.com
with certain information, including an e-mail address.
To make full use of
Master.com's Services, you will often need to provide additional contact
and other personal information.
You will need to select a User Name; if
you do not, Master.com will assign a User Name (usually your email address)
to you.
In addition to information you provide voluntarily during the
registration process or otherwise, Master.com automatically collects
"click-over" information, such as the URL from which you just came, the URL
to which you go next, the browser you are using, and your IP address.
Master.com may also automatically collect other information about you.
ii.
Master.com uses cookies.
Master.com's Services will not operate
properly without the use of cookies.
A cookie is data that Master.com
sends to your web browser and that is stored on your hard drive.
Master.com uses cookies to collect and track data about Users.
iii.
Master.com may collect information about your bidding, buying
and selling behavior. Master.com may also collect information about you
from your or other Users' postings on a Message Board.
iv.
Master.com will collect your billing address, credit card number
and credit card expiration date if you establish a credit account with
Master.com.
In some instances, Master.com may need to collect additional
information from you, including and tracking information from checks or
money orders.
v.
Master.com may collect information about you, in a file specific
to you, from any communications, such as phone calls, letters or emails,
that Master.com receives, whether from you or others, relating to your
activities or postings in connection with your use of the Services. Once
posted, you cannot change or remove any public postings made in a
Master.com Message Board.
vi. Following registration, you can review and change the information
you submitted during registration.
You must promptly update your
information if it changes.
Under some circumstances, such as to resolve
disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce this Agreement, Master.com will
retain in its files information you may have requested to be removed.
Further, such prior information is never completely removed from
Master.com's databases due to technical constraints and the fact that
Master.com backs up its systems. Therefore, you should not expect that all
personally identifiable information will be completely removed from
Master.com's databases in response to any requests.
vii.
Children are not eligible to use our services and Master.com
requests that minors (under the age of 18) do not submit any Personal
Information to Master.com.
B.
Ways in which Personal Information is Used by Master.com.
i.
In general, Master.com does not sell or rent any Personal
Information to third parties.
Master.com may use Personal Information for
its own marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site
usage, to improve site content and product offerings and to customize site
content, layout, and services.
Master.com may aggregate Personal
Information and disclose the aggregated information to advertisers.
Master.com, however, does not disclose to advertisers any information that
could be used to personally identify a User. Master.com does not disclose
information such as passwords, credit card numbers, and bank account
numbers, to third parties, whether or not aggregated.
ii.
Master.com may use Personal Information to deliver information to
Users that is targeted to a User's interests.
You can remove yourself from
receiving some of this information by changing the appropriate option
during registration or on your browser.
Master.com may use Personal
Information to contact you regarding administrative notices, new product
offerings, and communications relevant to your use of the Services.
iii.
Master.com will use Personal Information, as well as other
information about you to bill you if you choose to conduct an auction on
Sponsor's site or open a credit account.
iv.
Master.com may use Personal Information and other information
collected about a User or multiple Users to resolve disputes, troubleshoot
problems and enforce this Agreement.
Master.com may evaluate a User's
information to look for Users using multiple User Names or aliases.
v.
Master.com cooperates with law enforcement inquires and other
third parties to enforce laws, intellectual property and other rights.
Therefore, local, state, federal and international law enforcement can
request and may receive Personal Information.
Master.com also retains the
right to disclose any information about you or other Users to law
enforcement or other governmental officials as Master.com, in its sole
discretion, believes necessary or appropriate, in connection with any
investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other
activity that is illegal or may expose Master.com or Sponsor to legal
liability.
C.
Use of Personal Information by Third Parties.
i.
Use of Master.com's services requires a User Name.
If you select
your email address as your User Name, you will thereby disclose your email
address to other Users and third parties. Similarly, to facilitate
interaction among all users of Sponsor's Site, Master.com's Services allow
Users to access other Users' contact information. Further, a seller will be
sent via email the User Name, email address and other information of the
winning bidder(s), and a winning bidder will be sent via email the User
Name, email address and other information of the seller. Consequently,
other Users or third parties might send unsolicited email or be able to
identify all of your activities on Sponsor's site. Although Master.com's
pages have robot exclusion headers, others may attempt to automatically
collect email addresses from Sponsor's site. Even if your User Name is not
your email address, your User Name can be used to identify your activities
throughout Sponsor's site. Other people can see your bids, items that you
have won in the past, and comments about you posted on a Message Board,
etc.
ii.
This Agreement only addresses the use and disclosure of
information Master.com collects from Users. To the extent that you disclose
information to other parties, whether they are bidders, buyers or sellers
on Master.com's system or other sites throughout the Internet, different
rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the Personal Information
disclosed to them. Master.com uses third party advertisers that adhere to
their own privacy customs and policies. Since Master.com does not control
the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy
customs and policies of that third party. Master.com encourages you to ask
questions before disclosing Personal Information to others.
D.
License to Use Personal Information.
i.
To the extent you obtain any Personal Information about other
Users from Master.com, Master.com hereby grants to you a license to use
that Personal Information only for: (a) Master.com-related communications
that are not unsolicited commercial messages, (b) any other purpose that
such User expressly opts into after adequate disclosure of the purpose(s).
In all cases, you must give the other Users an opportunity to remove
themselves from your database and a chance to review what information you
have collected about them. In addition, under no circumstances, except as
defined in this Section, can you disclose Personal Information about a User
to any third party without the consent of both Master.com and the User
after adequate disclosure. Law enforcement personnel are given different
rights with respect to information they access.
ii.
Master.com does not tolerate spam. You are not licensed to add a
User, even a User who purchased an auction item from you, to your mail list
(email or physical mail) without that User's express consent after adequate
disclosure.
E.
Privacy Policy Disclaimer.
Master.com cannot ensure that all Personal Information, private
communications or other sensitive User Information will never be disclosed
in ways not otherwise described in this Agreement.
For example, Master.com
may be required to disclose information in response to a subpoena or some
other form of legal process, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or
access transmissions or private communications.
Therefore, although
Master.com uses industry standard practices to protect privacy, it does not
promise, and you should not expect, that Personal Information or private
communications will remain private.
"Perfect security" does not exist on
the Internet.
13.
No Agency.
User, Sponsor and Master.com are independent
contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer
or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by this
Agreement.
14.
Notices.
Except as explicitly stated otherwise, any notices
shall be given to Master.com by postal at 815 Superior Ave E Ste 2005,
Cleveland, OH 44114 or by e-mail at support@master.com.
Notices shall be
given to User at the email address you provide to Master.com during the
registration process.
Notice shall be deemed given 24 hours after email is
sent, unless the sending party is notified that the email address is
invalid, or 3 days after the date of mailing.
15.
Arbitration.
Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating
to this Agreement or Master.com's Services shall be settled by binding
arbitration in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the
American Arbitration Association. Any such controversy or claim shall be
arbitrated on an individual basis, and shall not be consolidated in any
arbitration with any claim or controversy of any other party. The
arbitration shall be conducted in Cleveland, Ohio, and judgment on the
arbitration award may be entered by any court having jurisdiction thereof.
Either party may seek any interim or preliminary relief from a court of
competent jurisdiction in Cleveland, Ohio necessary to protect the rights
or property of that party pending the completion of arbitration.
All
parties consent to venue and jurisdiction in the state and federal courts
located in Cleveland, Ohio for purposes of such action.
Any arbitration
award shall be private, and shall not have preclusive effect in any
proceeding involving other parties.
16.
Additional Terms.
A.
Disruptions in Service.
Sponsor and Master.com do not guarantee
continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our Services, and operation
of our sites may be interfered with by numerous factors outside of our
control. Sponsor and Master.com shall not be liable for any disruptions in
service, including the inability to place or receive bids due to network
traffic or server downtime.
B.
Non-paying Bidders.
If you are the winning bidder in an auction,
you are expected to honor your bid and consummate the sale.
If you renege
on a high bid, you will receive a warning from Master.com.
Subsequent
infractions will receive escalated warnings and sanctions, including a 30
day suspension from use of the Services and ultimately indefinite
suspension.
C.
Applicable Law.
This Agreement shall be governed in all respects
by the laws of the State of Ohio as if this agreements were entered into
and to be performed entirely within Ohio between Ohio residents.
D.
Amendments.
User may not amend this Agreement except by obtaining
consent to the Amendment in a document signed by authorized representatives
of Sponsor and Master.com.
Master.com and Sponsor may amend the terms of
this Agreement by posting a revised Agreement on Sponsor's web site.
The
terms of the revised Agreement shall be effective 14 days after posting.
E.
Miscellaneous.
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be
invalid or unenforceable, it shall be struck and the remaining provisions
shall be enforced. Headings are for reference purposes only and in no way
define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of the section.
Sponsor or Master.com's failure to act with respect to a breach by you or
others does not waive the right to act with respect to subsequent or
similar breaches. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding and
agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.
F. Disclosures.
The Services covered by this Agreement are offered by
Sponsor and Master.com, 815 Superior Ave E Ste 2005, Cleveland, OH 44114.
If you are a California resident, you may have this same information
emailed to you by sending a letter to the foregoing address with your email
address and a request for this information. Fees for our services are
described at http://www.master.com/fees.html.
G. Parental control protections.
Parental control services, such as
computer hardware, software, or filtering services, are commercially
available and may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful
to minors. If you are interested in learning more about these protections,
information is available at
http://www.worldvillage.com/wv/school/html/control.htm or other analogous
sites providing information on such protections.