https://clearblueengineering.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
privacy policy
To sum up our privacy policy below; we value your privacy and vow to never disclose any information submitted or collected through our website or through the process of working with us for any reason, to any outside party, ever.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, address, company name or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
-To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
-To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.  Any documents or information submitted to our organization via the web site for the purposes of providing advice, estimation or quotation will automatically be considered proprietary and confidential unless specifically exempted by the individual submitting such information.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 07/05/2014
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us.
Take your business to new heights
contact us
Manufacturing
Turnkey Manufacturing
PCB Assembly
Prototyping
Box Builds
Quality Control & Testing
Submit Manufacturing RFQ
Engineering
Contract Engineering
Electrical Engineering
Mechanical Engineering
PCB Design & Layout
Regulatory Compliance
Submit Engineering RFQ
About
Our Expertise
Blog
Media
Privacy Policy
Contact us
Employment
WooCommerce not Found