https://clesen.com//privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This is the web site of Clesen Wholesale.
Our postal address is:
316 Florence Ave,
Evanston, IL 60076.
We can be reached via e-mail at hello@clesen.com or you can reach us by telephone at 847-869-2257.
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how
we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this
privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal
information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices
described in this privacy policy. You are encouraged to review the
privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you
understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
For each visitor to our Web site, our Web server automatically
recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address
(where possible). We collect only the domain name of visitors to our Web
site, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail,
aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, and
information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information
and/or site registrations. The information we collect is used to improve
the content of our Web page and used to notify consumers about updates
to our Web site.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record user-specific
information on what pages users access or visit and to record past
activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors
return to our site.
If you supply us with your e-mail address on-line you may receive
periodic e-mails from us with information on new products and services
or upcoming events. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the
future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address or
calling us at the above telephone number. If you supply us with your
postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with
information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do
not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at
the number provided above or e-mailing us at the above address. Please
provide us with your exact name and address. Persons who supply us with
their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us
with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events.
If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know
by sending us e-mail at the above address or calling us at the above
telephone number. Please provide us with your name and phone number.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new,
unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If
our information practices change at some time in the future we will post
the policy changes to our Website to notify you of these changes and
provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are
concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at
our Website periodically. Customers may prevent their information from
being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally
collected by e-mailing us at the above address or calling us at the
above telephone number.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to unique identifier
information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about
them. Consumers can access this information by sending us e-mail at the
above address or calling us at the above telephone number.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies
corrected in contact information and unique identifiers. Consumers can
have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above
address or calling us at the above telephone number.
With respect to security: Information is encrypted and stored in a secure database online.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information
policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
INFO
CAREERS
FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY
CUSTOMER CARE
ORDER
DELIVERY/PICKUP
REGISTER
FLICKR FEED
CONTACT + HOURS
847.869.2257
info@clesen.com
MON. - FRI.
|
7:00AM - 5:00PM
SAT.
|
7:00AM - 1PM ( Seasonal )
SUN.
|
CLOSED
PLACE YOUR ORDER NOW
Registered members:
Real-time plant availability
Online ordering
PLACE ORDER NOW
Orders must be placed directly in our Inventory System.