http://clfp.com/conditions-use-privacy-policy/
Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy
Unless otherwise noted, the material is presented free of charge. The material presented here represents our opinions only and any advice is simply our opinion. You are responsible for what you do with this advice and the consequences of your actions. When noted, materials are copyrighted by The California League of Food Processors.
By using this site, you signify your agreement to all terms, conditions, and notices contained or referenced herein (the "Conditions of Use"). If you do not agree to these Conditions of Use, please do not use this site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to update or revise these Conditions of Use. Please check the Conditions periodically for changes. Your continued use of this site following the posting of any changes to the Conditions of Use constitutes acceptance of those changes.
This site is owned and operated by The California League of Food Processors. The material on this site is protected by international copyright and trademark laws. When noted, you may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, or distribute in any way any material from this site including code and software. You may download material from this site provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices.
By posting messages, uploading files, inputting data, or engaging in any other form of communication through this service, you are granting The California League of Food Processors a royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to:
Use, copy, sublicense, adapt, transmit, publicly perform or display any such communication.
Sublicense to third parties the unrestricted right to exercise any of the foregoing rights granted with respect to the communication. The foregoing grants shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such communication, including but not limited to rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction.Disclaimer
The California League of Food Processors has provided links and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties.
The California League of Food Processors does not operate or control in any respect any information, products or services on these third-party sites. The materials in this site and the third-party sites are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, The California League of Food Processors disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
The California League of Food Processors does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site, including bulletin boards, or the server that makes it available, are free of viruses or other harmful components. The California League of Food Processors does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in this site or in third-party sites in terms of their correctness, accuracy, timeliness, reliability, or otherwise. You (and not The California League of Food Processors) assume the entire cost of all necessary maintenance, repair, or correction.
This site may provide links to other sites on the Internet. These sites may contain information or material that some people may find inappropriate or offensive. These other sites are not under the control of The California League of Food Processors, and you acknowledge that The California League of Food Processors is not responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, decency, or any other aspect of the content of such sites. The inclusion of such a link does not imply endorsement of the site by The California League of Food Processors or any association with its operators.
Bulletin Boards
This service may include bulletin boards and chat rooms ("bulletin boards") which allow feedback to The California League of Food Processors and real-time interaction between users. The California League of Food Processors does not control the messages, information, or files delivered to bulletin boards. It is a condition of your use of the bulletin boards and this web site that you do not:
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the bulletin boards.
Post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, or indecent information of any kind, including without limitation any transmissions constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local, state, national or international law.
Post or transmit any information, software or other material which violates or infringes upon the rights of others, including material which is an invasion of privacy or publicity rights or which is protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right, or derivative works with respect thereto, without first obtaining permission from the owner or right holder.
Post or transmit any information, software or other material which contains a virus or other harmful component.
Post, transmit, or in any way exploit any information, software or other material for commercial purposes, or which contains advertising. You understand that The California League of Food Processors has no obligation to monitor the bulletin boards. However, The California League of Food Processors reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request, or to edit, refuse to post, or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, that in The California League of Food Processors’ sole discretion are objectionable or in violation of these terms and conditions.Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall The California League of Food Processors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use these materials. You specifically acknowledge and agree that The California League of Food Processors is not liable for any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of any user. If you are dissatisfied with any of the material on this web site, or with any of these terms and conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using this site.
Termination
This agreement is effective until terminated by The California League of Food Processors, at any time without notice. In the event of termination, you are no longer authorized to access the bulletin boards and the restrictions imposed on you with respect to material downloaded from the bulletin boards, the disclaimers and limitations of liabilities set forth in this agreement, shall survive.
Applicable Law
This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without giving effect to any principles or conflicts of law. If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Privacy Policy
When you use our site, we receive and collect certain information. For most of the browsing services we provide, we neither require nor collect personal information. Upon checkout, of course, we do collect personal and financial information. If you sign up for a newsletter, participate in forums, etc., you need to provide an email and mailing address to us.
Unless otherwise indicated, The California League of Food Processors does not share personal information that we collect with any other organizations. Unless otherwise indicated, we do not sell email addresses or any other data we collect.
We may release personal information when such action is necessary to comply with law enforce requirements (such as a search warrant).
Our products and services are marketed for purchase by adults or with the consent of adults. It is the responsibility of Parents and Guardians to monitor the activities of their children.
When you click on links and banners on our site that take you to third-party web sites, you will be subject to the third parties' privacy policies. We are not responsible for the actions of any third-party web sites. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement of any site you visit.
Become a MemberJoining and participating in CLFP will provide rewarding benefits to your company and to the entire California food producing industry.
More Info