https://clockwork-solutions.com/privacy/
About
About Clockwork Solutions
Careers
Solutions
Technologies
Industries
Clients
Partners
Contact
Search this website
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerClockwork Solutions LLC (“Clockwork”) respects your privacy. In that regard, we have created this Privacy Policy to let you know what information we collect when you visit our sites, why we collect it, and how it is used. By usingwww.Clockwork-Solutions.com and www.Clockwork-Analytics.om, you consent to the data practices prescribed in this Privacy Policy. Clockwork’s Privacy Policy governs the privacy guidelines for Clockwork’s web sites at www.Clockwork-Solutions.com and www.Clockwork-Analytics.om (the “Sites”).
What information does Clockwork collect?
“Personal Information” means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, first and last name, an email address, phone number, Twitter username, employer name, or other contact information, whether at work or at home.
In a few areas on our Sites and online customer tools, we ask you to provide Personal Information that will enable us to enhance your use of the Sites or for purposes such as facilitating correspondence with you, registering your entitlement to access certain special features of the Sites, or to complete transactions. It is always your choice whether or not to provide that Personal Information. If you choose not to provide requested Personal Information, you may not be able to use certain features of the Sites.
We may also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser, which could include your IP address, cookie information, browser information, and the page you request.
How does Clockwork use Personal Information?
The Personal Information you provide will be kept confidential and used to support your customer relationship with Clockwork. Among other things, we want to help you quickly find information on our Sites and alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new products and services from Clockwork. Clockwork may enhance or merge your information collected at the Sites with data from third parties for purposes of marketing products or services to you.
Periodically, we may send you information about our various products and services, or other products and services we feel may be of interest to you. These mailings may be sent electronically or in physical form. Only Clockwork (or agents or contractors working on behalf of Clockwork and under confidentiality agreements) will send you these mailings. If you do not want to receive such mailings, simply tell us when you give us your Personal Information. Or, at any time you can easily opt-out of receiving further marketing from Clockwork by contacting us at info@clockwork-solutions.com and requesting to have your name removed from our marketing lists. In addition, with respect to mailings sent via email, you may also click the “unsubscribe” link in the email to have your email address removed from our marketing list. All requests to unsubscribe will be handled in a prompt and efficient manner and in accordance with applicable law.
Information Sharing and Disclosure to Third Parties
Agents or contractors of Clockwork may have access to your Personal Information for the purpose of performing services on behalf of Clockwork. All such agents or contractors who have access to your Personal Information are required to keep the information confidential and not use it for any other purpose than to carry out the services they are performing for Clockwork or as otherwise required by law. In addition, information collected about you may be shared with other third parties as expressly stated on the page on which you provided such information.
Except as set forth above, Clockwork does not rent, sell or share Personal Information it collects about you to or with third parties. Personal Information collected from you is only used to provide you with Clockwork products and services and to comply with any requirements of law. Clockwork or its agents or contractors may disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of Clockwork or its agents or contractors; or (3) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Clockwork, its Web sites or the public. If Clockwork should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company, we may sell the information you provide to us on these Sites to a third party or share your Personal Information with any company with whom we merge.
Security of Your Information
You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you’re online. If you post Personal Information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. While we strive to protect your Personal Information, Clockwork does not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
Updating Your Personal Information
To update any of your personal information or to change any of your marketing preferences, you may contact us at info@Clockwork-solutions.com.
Third-Party Sites
Please be aware that other Web sites that may be accessed through our sites may collect personally identifiable information about you. This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of those third-party Web sites linked to our Sites.
International Transfers
Personal Information collected on these Sites may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Clockwork or its affiliates, subsidiaries, agents or contractors maintain facilities, and by using these Sites, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.
Children’s Privacy
These Sites are not intended for or directed to persons under the age of 13. Any person who provides their information to Clockwork through contact or login pages or any other part of the Sites represents to Clockwork that he or she is 13 years of age or older.
Your Consent to this Privacy Policy
By using these Sites, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This is our entire and exclusive Privacy Policy and it supersedes any earlier version. We may change this Privacy Policy by posting a new version of this Privacy Policy on this Site, and it is your responsibility to review this page periodically. When we do change the policy, we will also revise the “last updated” date at the Privacy Policy. Your continued use of these Sites constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates.
Contacting Clockwork
For questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Clockwork Solutions, LLC.
6011 West Courtyard Drive, Building 5, Suite 160
Austin, TX 78730
Email: info@clockwork-solutions.com
Last updated June 18, 2019
Footer Speak with one of our experts today! Contact us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Licenses & Attributions
Search this website