https://cmac.com/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
This document is subject to changes at any time, therefore we advise you to check it at regular intervals.  Major changes will be prompted, to make sure you are aware of them.
Purpose:
Please
rest assured, C-MAC Holding values your privacy as much as we value our own.
We commit ourselves to use and protect all your personal data in accordance with both the privacy act of December 8th 1992 and the regulation of April 27th 2016.
By
visiting http://www.cmac.com, you concur with possible data collection and processing
by C-MAC Holding.
Who?
C-MAC
Holding and/or its partners determine the nature and the purpose of all
collected personal data collected from www.cmac.com, which is made available by:
C-MAC
Holding nv.
Industriëlestraat
4
9600
Ronse
Belgium
Email: customerservice@cmac.com
Phone:
+32 55 21 53 51
What?
C-MAC Holding limits data gathering to the strict minimum.  Collected personal data may include one or more items of the non-exhaustive list shown below:
Name/surnameEmail addressTelephone #IP address
Reason?
C-MAC Holding collects personal data for the following
purposes:
Answering to your enquiries sent from our contact formMarketing purposesStatistics
C-MAC
Holding will never deliberately transfer your personal data to any other party
and will take all necessary precautions to prevent unintentional transfer
and/or unauthorised access of your personal data.
Your rights:
It’s your
data, so you have the final word.  If you
provide a valid proof of identity by surface mail, you can:
Receive confirmation if we have your personal data stored in our system.Inspect your stored personal data.Correct your stored personal data.Delete your stored personal data.Get details on the purpose and the storage time of your stored personal data.Ask us to temporary stop using your personal data.Ask to obtain a copy of your personal data in a common file format.Exercise whatever other rights the regulation of April 27th 2016 stipulates.
In case of a dispute, you can file a complaint
regarding the processing of your personal data with the Belgian Data Protection
Authority.
Back to top
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy