https://cmba.com/privacy-policy/
Become a Member
Find a Member
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for The California Mortgage Bankers Association (“California MBA”).
CMBA is sincerely committed to your privacy. This statement explains what personally identifiable information we collect, how it’s used and shared, what choices you have in disclosing your information, security, and how you can correct inaccuracies.
Information Collection and Use
CMBA is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. CMBA collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
User Profiles & Resource Submission
In using this website, a user may input information into a new User Profile or access a resource from our ‘Members-Only’ site. During these processes a user is required to give their contact information (such as email address). This information is used to contact users and verify the authenticity of the information they have submitted. We will only use it when necessary. You will also have the option at that time to join our email mailing list. It is optional for users to provide additional personal information.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. We use cookies to store your login information on your computer. You can access much of our site without cookies, but there are some areas such as profile submission that require cookies. However, we do not use cookies to track your browsing history or match it with your identity for any purpose such as market research or advertising.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We do not share, sell, or rent aggregated demographic information with any other organizations.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. This website does not collect sensitive information such as credit card numbers or social security numbers. Resource submission and Center Profile entry does not use encryption or SSL and users should be aware that it is possible for information submitted to be intercepted by other parties.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our organizational administrators and webmasters) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to info(at)cmba.com.
Payment
You can shop at www.cmba.com with confidence. We have partnered with Authorize.Net, a leading payment gateway since 1996, to accept credit cards and electronic check payments safely and securely for our customers.
The Authorize.Net Payment Gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive customer information through the electronic check and credit card processing networks. See an online payments diagram to see how it works.
The company adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including:
128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions.
Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information.
Compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).
For additional information regarding the privacy of your sensitive cardholder data, please read the Authorize.Net Privacy Policy.
www.cmba.com is registered with the Authorize.Net Verified Merchant Seal program.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that CMBA is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Email Communications
We send our email communications to those users who have signed up to be on our mailing list, attended CMBA conferences/events, or are members of CMBA. Every email from CMBA contains an option for the user to unsubscribe.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree