https://cmgcorp.net/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy explains what, why and how we (Compliance Management Group, Inc.) collect and use information during your visit(s) to cmgcorp.net. Should we ask you to provide certain information, by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
When we say “we”, “us”, and “our”, we are referring to Compliance Management Group, Inc., an independent compliance testing lab based in Marlborough, Massachusetts, in the United States of America. When we say “you”, we are referring to the person or entity that chooses to use our website, or receive emails from us.
“Services” mean any of the testing services we provide and promote on our website, including CE mark testing, EMC testing, environmental testing, medical device testing, and others.
“Personal Information” means any information that identifies, or can be used to identify, you directly or indirectly, including name, email address, phone number, company name, product name(s), and types of testing required.
Information you provide to us voluntarily
When you inquire for information about our Services, send us an email or communicate with us in any way, you thereby voluntarily provide us with information that we collect. This information may include your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and more. By providing this information, you explicitly consent to this information being collected, stored, and used by us as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information we collect automatically
We automatically collect information about your visit to our website. This information may include your browser activity, device(s) used, IP address, operating system, how you interacted with our website, and the source of how you came to our website. We may collect this information as part of our log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies.
Cookies and tracking
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. The cookie enables us to analyze our web traffic, identify which pages are being used, serve targeted advertisements, and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers (e.g. Chrome) automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
We also partner with third parties to display advertising on other websites. Our third party partners may use cookies or similar tracking technologies in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities or interests.
You may choose to opt-out of interest-based advertising at any time by visiting: http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/ or, if you reside anywhere in the European Union, you can visit: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.  Please note that you may still continue to receive general advertising from us. Also, most advertising networks provide you the ability to opt out of interest-based advertising. Some helpful tools include WebChoices and Your Online Choices.
Information from other sources
We may occasionally receive information about you from third party sources, such as social media platforms. Examples of the information we may receive from these sources include gender, age, location, and online behavioral data (e.g. your browsing habits). This information enables us to provide more relevant marketing messages and content to you. We will never sell, distribute or lease your Personal Information to third parties.
Furthermore, we will give you access to any Personal Information we hold about you within 30 days of your request. You may request to access, correct or delete information we hold about you at any time by completing our online form. We are committed to ensuring the privacy of your information. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and/or managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time and without notice. It was last updated on January 1, 2020. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy often to stay informed of changes that may affect you, as your continued use of this website signifies your consent to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
Go to Top