https://cmpgroup.net/legal/
Facebook
Google
Instagram
Legal
PROPRIETARY INFORMATION
This CMP Group website is provided for the use of CMP Group customers, affiliates and associates. The CMP Group owns and retains the copyrights in the materials found in this website. No one shall have the right to copy or republish in any form, any information found on this website. No material from this CMP website may be copied, reproduced, republished, transmitted, or distributed, without the written consent of the CMP Group.
CMP reserves the right to change or make alterations to any product in this website by means of color and/or material without notice. We continually strive to provide our customers with innovative and Quality marine products. This may result in altering current product lines to accommodate those changes. CMP makes no express warranties regarding the information provided on this website.
The descriptions and guidelines shown in this website should be used as a general reference only. For any further technical information please contact our Technical Service. Contents of this website are based on the latest information available at the time of publication. CMP assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information contained herein. Product specifications are subject to change without notice.
WARNING – as required by California law under Proposition 65:
Some products may contain detectable amounts of Vinyl Chloride, a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer, birth defects or other reproductive harm. The State of California requires clear and reasonable warnings on products containing chemicals that may lead to cancer, birth defects, or other reproductive harm. Even if these products contain only trace levels of harmful chemicals, a warning is required by the State of California. These products are noted with a ‡ symbol.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Reject ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
WordPress Lightbox
[ Placeholder content for popup link ]
WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin
Close
Have a question? Leave us a message.
Name
Email Address
Subject
Message
×