https://cmssport.com/press/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Welcome to cmsworldgroup.com (this “Site”), a web site maintained by CMS Sports, Inc. CMS is referred to as “we”, “us”, “our” or the “Company” in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy sets forth our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Site. We are committed to respecting and protecting the personal privacy of our customers and anyone who visits our Web site. Because the Company may gather information about users at various points in this Site, we believe you should understand how we intend to treat any personally identifiable information users may provide. Personally identifiable information is information that can identify the user, including, but not limited to, your name, email address, street address, telephone number, employer and occupational title.
ACCEPTANCE
Any use of this Site by you conclusively indicates that this Privacy Policy has been reviewed and accepted by you. If you do not agree with any of the provisions of this Privacy Policy, you should not use this Site.
USE OF INFORMATION
You can browse the Site without disclosing any personally identifiable information. The Site does provide you with the opportunity to contact the Company on-line, in which case you may voluntarily provide personally identifiable information such as name, street address, and e-mail address. This information may be used to help us respond to your inquiry. We will not give or sell personally identifiable information to any outside company.
LEGAL DISCLAIMER
Although the Company intends to preserve user privacy, the Company may need to disclose personal information when required by law, including, but not limited to, whenever the Company in good-faith believes that such action is necessary or appropriate in connection with a court or administrative proceeding or to comply with a court or administrative subpoena, order or legal process.
CHOICE/OPT-OUT
The Company will remove your personal information from our databases or remove you from any mailing lists upon request.All such requests should be sent through our contact page. Click Here.
CORRECT/UPDATE
The Company will correct or update information collected from you upon request. All such requests should be sent through our contact page. Click Here.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
The Company reserves the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time, for any reason, and without notice. You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to ensure you fully understand how changes to it may affect you. This Privacy Policy will always be posted on this Site.
CONTACTING THIS SITE
You may submit any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site or your dealings with it by writing to us through the contact page. Click Here.
Covid-19 Personal Protection Equipment Manufacturing
We are proud to supply large hospital groups, nursing home groups, FDNY, NY/NJ Port Authority, State Governments and large medical distributors with manufacturing options.
Click here for additional information
CLOSE