https://coachsoats.com/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-use/
Skip to main content Skip to footer
(714) 692-6885
coachsoats@coachsoats.com
Home
Contact
Checkout 0 items - $0.00
Privacy
Coach’s Oats will not collect any personal information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals. Examples of such information are name, postal address, e-mail address, phone number, birthday and product comments.
Coach’s Oats will not sell, rent, loan or otherwise release personally identifying information with any third party except to provide services to you at your request, or as required by law. Furthermore, it is our intent to make all forms on this site default to the strongest privacy for you. Unless you designate otherwise, only two parties will know the information you enter here: you and Coach’s Oats.
SECURITY
Customers can shop Coach’s Oats’ online site with the knowledge that the transactions are being processed with up to 256bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) data protection, the highest allowed by current web browsers.
Coach’s Oats’ online shopping site employs appropriate security measures, including advanced technology, to protect personal information collected online against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. These measures may include, among others, encryption, physical access security, and other appropriate technologies. The security systems are reviewed and enhanced as necessary.
LINKS
This website might contain links to other websites not controlled by Coach’s Oats. Coach’s Oats is not responsible for the privacy practices of any linked site. You should read the privacy policy of each linked website to understand the related policy.
The Coach’s Oats privacy policy applies solely to information collected through Coach’s Oats’ website.
RETURNS
If you need to return your item due to error, defects or damage during shipping, please notify our Customer Service within 14 days of delivery and we will replace it or refund your money, at the discretion of Coach’s Oats. Please contact Customer Service at (714) 692-6885 or coachsoats@coachsoats.com.
QUESTIONS AND COMMENTS
Coach’s Oats is interested in what its customers have to say. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us at (714) 692-6885 or coachsoats@coachsoats.com.
Terms of Use
Coach’s Oats provides website features to you subject to the following conditions. If you visit or shop at CoachsOats.com you accept these conditions.
COPYRIGHT
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations and software, is the property of Coach’s Oats or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Coach’s Oats and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of Coach’s Oats or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
LICENSE AND SITE ACCESS
Coach’s Oats grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of Coach’s Oats. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots or similar data gathering and extraction tools.
This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Coach’s Oats. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Coach’s Oats without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing Coach’s Oats’ name or trademarks without the express written consent of Coach’s Oats. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by Coach’s Oats.
You are granted a limited, revocable and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of CoachsOats.com as long as the link does not portray Coach’s Oats, or its products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any Coach’s Oats logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission of Coach’s Oats.
FooterJoin Our Email Team
Footer Mailing List
First Name
Last Name
Email
Submit
If you are human, leave this field blank.
Buy Coach’s Oats
Recipes
About
Coach’s Oats
Blog
Frequently Asked Questions
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Pin It on Pinterest