https://codecheck.com/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to content
This is the web site of Code Check
Physical address: 1130 Blackfield Drive Santa Clara, CA – 95051
email: webmaster@codecheck.com
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the IP address.
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address), including all pertinent information on our online order form.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, and may be disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Web site and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Web site.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record session information.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address. Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address. If you supply us with your telephone numbers on-line you will only receive contact from us with information you have requested or regarding orders you have placed on-line.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to a description of information that we maintain about them. Visitors can request this information by e-mail us at the above address. Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, financial information. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. We limit access to your information on a “need to know” basis.
We do not sell products or services to children. If you are under 18, you may use this site only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
We reserve the right to modify this policy in the future. If we do so, notice will be posted on our home page.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or email