http://coetandcoet.com/about/web-disclaimer-privacy-policy
Web Disclaimer/Privacy Policy | Coet2 CPAs PC
Skip to main content
Back to Top
Search form
HomeReviewsAboutArticlesNews & ColumnsEventsOur StaffPress ReleasesVideosServicesOne-Stop ShopTax PlanningTax PreparationBusiness Accounting ServicesPayroll ServicesBusiness ConsultingBusiness ValuationQuickbooks TrainingResourcesArticlesHelpful LinksIRS Withholding CalculatorPress ReleasesContact Us
Home / Web Disclaimer/Privacy Policy
Web Disclaimer/Privacy Policy
Web Disclaimer Policy
Information provided on this web site, www.coetandcoet.com, – “Site” – by Coet 2 CPAs, P.C. is intended for reference only. The information contained herein is designed solely to provide guidance to the user, and is not intended to be a substitute for the user seeking personalized professional advice based on specific factual situations. This Site may contain references to certain laws and regulations which may change over time and should be interpreted only in light of particular circumstances. As such, information on this Site does NOT constitute professional accounting, tax, or legal advice and should not be interpreted as such.
Although Coet 2 CPAs, P.C. has made every reasonable effort to ensure that the information provided is accurate, Coet 2 CPAs, P.C. and its shareholders, managers, and staff, make not warranties, expressed or implied, on the information provided on this Site, or about any other website which you may access through this Site. The user accepts the information as is and assumes all responsibility for the use of such information. Coet 2 CPAs, P.C. also does not warrant that this Site, various services provided through this Site, and any information, software, or other material downloaded from this Site, will be uninterrupted, error-free, omission-free, or free of viruses or other harmful components.
Information contained on this Site is protected by copyright, and may not be reproduced in any form without expressed, written consent of Coet 2 CPAs, P.C. All rights are reserved.
Web Privacy Policy
Coet 2 CPAs, P.C. recognizes the importance and is committed to protecting your privacy. We do not collect any personally identifiable information from you that you do not volunteer. We do not sell, share, or rent information to third parties without your consent.
If you register or submit personally identifiable information to us, you agree to the use of such information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on our Site to personalize and enhance your website visit. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard drive by our web server. They cannot be used to collect secret information about you or your computer or to provide information about you to other companies. Cookies provide a convenience by saving you time on subsequent visits and personalizing your web experience. Cookies may save data such as name, password, user-name, screen preferences, and pages viewed. You may have the right to delete cookies placed on your hard drive, which will erase the data automatically saved during your visit.
Security
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure. Although our Firm strives to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warranty the security of any information you may transmit to us. This transmission is done at your own risk. However, once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
Personal Information
Personally identifiable information that visitors submit to our Site is used only for the purpose for which it was submitted and for the purpose of updating the Firm’s mailing list. Coet 2 CPAs, P.C. may use the updated mailing list to send you information or communication regarding Coet 2 CPAs, P.C. news, upcoming events, and products and/or services. Coet 2 CPAs, P.C. will not sell, rent, lease, or otherwise disclose any personal information that you provide to us or to any third party without first obtaining your written permission, unless required by law or court order.
Links
This Site contains links to other websites. Coet 2 CPAs, P.C. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites and hereby expressly disclaims all responsibility and liability which may arise therefrom.
Changes
Coet 2 CPAs, P.C. reviews its privacy policy periodically and reserves the right, and its discretion, to modify or remove portions of this policy at any time. Notification of any changes to this statement will be posted on this page.
Contact information
10860 Dover St., Suite 2500
Westminster CO 80021Ph: 303-426-6444
Fax: 303-426-0712
Colorado License No. 6388
About Coet2 CPAs P.C.
As small business specialists, we offer a holistic approach to assisting our clients in accumulating and retaining wealth by managing their tax responsibilities. We work with small businesses and their owners to strategize cash flow management and profit generation. Specialists in income tax planning and preparation, the principals of the firm are former IRS employees. Our "one stop" services include income tax planning and preparation, payroll services, sales tax, personal property tax, and even the installation and maintenance of various types of retirement plans. Additional services include business valuation, forensic accounting services, and litigation support.
Resources
Articles
Helpful Links
IRS Withholding Calculator
Press Releases
Events
There are currently no events scheduled.
About Coet2 CPAs, P.C.
Our Services
Contact Us
Web Disclaimer/Privacy Policy
Find Us On Facebook
Copyright © 2020 Coet and Coet, P.C. All rights reserved.Coet 2 CPAs, PC is an active public accounting firm licensed by the State of Colorado.
The license number is 6388