http://collettifiss.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Sign Up for Monthly News Alerts
Latest Blog Post
04/13/16: What to Consider Before Killing a Commission Plan
From time to time an article appears in the press that argues it is inappropriate to pay sales people through commission...MORE
Personal Information
Colletti-Fiss, LLC recognizes your right to confidentiality and is committed to protecting your privacy. We will not give, rent, loan, or sell any identifiable personal information to any other third party, unless legally required to do so. We may store and process that information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services. In addition, we may use that information to contact you.
Non-Personal Information
Colletti-Fiss, LLC uses industry standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information, such as firewalls and Secure Socket Layers. However, “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet.
IP Addresses
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers that serve as that computer’s “Internet Protocol,” or IP, address. When a visitor requests a page from any Web site within a Colletti-Fiss, LLC domain, our Web servers automatically recognize that visitor’s domain name and IP address. The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. We use this information to examine our traffic in aggregate, but do not collect and evaluate this information for individuals. Our Web servers do not record email addresses of the visitors.
Cookies
We may use a feature on your Internet browser called a “cookie.” Cookies are small files created on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies to let us know that you are a prior visitor. We may also use cookies to retrieve certain information previously provided by you to Colletti Fiss so that you will not need to re-enter this information every time you visit the site. We will not use cookies to store personal/business information.
Unless you specifically tell us, we will never know who you are, even though we may assign the browser on your computer a cookie. With most Internet browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser’s instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
Links to Third-Party Sites
Our Web sites may contain links to Web sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked sites may be different from our privacy policy. You access such linked sites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked site before disclosing any personal information on that site.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this Web site, or your experience with this site, please contact info@collettifiss.com