http://columbustubi.com/en/privacy-policy-2/
Press enter to begin your search
INFORMATION NOTE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITALIAN D.Lgs. 196/2003 AND ITS SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS ON THE PRIVACY OF PERSONAL DATA
The Customer is informed that: Data processor is Gruppo srl; the data being processed are: those provided by the registered person and those relating to use of the service on the wingedstore.com; the purpose of the processing is: compliance with legal obligations, fulfillment of the contract, pursuance of the aims of interactive business information (with possible sending of advertising material), promotion and further knowledge regarding the Customer’s requirements. Under no circumstances are the Customer’s sensitive data processed. The scope of any communication or distribution of data is limited exclusively to Gruppo srl and to the persons necessary for fulfilling the contract or for complying with legal obligations. The list of such persons is available to the registered person who makes such a request to the addresses indicated above. Processing excluded from the consent is as follows: A) Processing aimed at fulfilling legal or contractual obligations; B) Data relating to the Customer link-up sessions, which are subject to processing that is made anonymous at source or for security purposes. Processing for which consent is required is: processing for the purpose of interactive business information, promotion and further knowledge of the Customer’s requirements as well as the communication of data as specified here above. The duration of the processing is fixed at 10 years and upon expiry thereof, the data will be destroyed. The consequence of refusing to give consent to the processing of data is the impossibility of stipulating the contract. The Customer’s rights are those set forth in Italian D.Lgs. 196/2003 and its subsequent amendments.
REQUEST FOR CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
The Customer, having seen the preceding information note, gives his full consent to the processing of the personal data inserted at the time of registering and of data relating to use of the service, as described in the information note.
1
1
11Gruppo S.r.l. - Div. Columbus
Via G. Di Vittorio, 21
20090 Caleppio di Settala (MI)
Tel. +39 02 95244 1
info@columbustubi.com
P.iva 12007070159
Cookie Policy -
Privacy Policy
1Subscribe to the official Columbus mailing list and be the first to receive updates about our
latest products and activities!
Subscribe here
1
columbus_official
#tbt to the Slx helical reinforcements. From an in
Three #stelbelcento frames with Columbus Cento tub
For all the Columbus thru-axle disc forks, we’re
Have a wonderful weekend everyone!
#columbustubing
#tbt to @rogerdevlaeminck wearing the Sanson - @ca
@cherubim_official Cento Disc with Columbus Cento
#artforkday featuring the Columbus Futura Disc for
Columbus SLX was first released in the early 1980s
columbus_official
#tbt to the Slx helical reinforcements. From an in
Three #stelbelcento frames with Columbus Cento tub
For all the Columbus thru-axle disc forks, we’re
Search
Search
1
PRODUCT REGISTRATION
DISTRIBUTORS
MANUALS
© 2020 Copyright Columbus - Gruppo SRL
History
Materials
XCr
Omnicrom
25CrMo4
Cromor
Steel Tubes
Carbon Forks
Parts
Manuals
Product Registration
Blog
Distributors
Shop
Italiano
This website uses cookies, by continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to accept our use of cookies. Read more.Ok, thanks!