http://comedydriving.com/help-center.html
SIGN UP FOR ONLINE COURSERETURNING STUDENTS LOGIN
CONTACT US
HomeFront Page
LocationsClassroom Locations
Katy Freeway
Sugar Land
Willowbrook
League City
Course InfoOnline Course
Course Tour & Sample Pages
Delivery Options
Help Center
Online Questions
System Requirements
Corporate Class
About Us
Contact
PricingCourse Pricing
Driving RecordOrder Your Record
LoginReturning Students
Help Center/FAQ
Welcome to our Frequently Asked Questions.
Please type your question in the box below to narrow down the results:
FAQs Online Course
How much does the course cost?
Our online course costs $25.00. This price includes access to all educational materials in the course.
How much time does it take to complete your course?
All courses approved by the Texas Education Agency and Region XIII Education Service Center take 6 hours to complete. While some students choose to complete the course all in one sitting, you may choose to complete the course a little at a time, by logging on and off the course around your schedule. The course will automatically keep track of your progress, so when you log back into the course, you will pick up where you left off. You have up to 120 days to complete the entire course.
Do I have to take your entire course all at once?
No. You are free to take our course at your own pace. The Texas Education Agency requires students to spend a minimum of six hours taking the course. With the online course, you can log out and log back in at your own leisure, 24 hours a day. Our program will remember where you left off and you can start again in that exact spot. All you need to do is go to our home page and click on the "Log In" button. Enter your log in and password, and you will pick up where you left off.
Are there questions in your course?
The Texas Education Agency requires students show an understanding of the materials taught, and we have chapter completion questions for that purpose. You will be asked questions after each section throughout the course to show mastery of the subjects covered.
Does your course have a final exam?
No. After completing each of the chapters, there are chapter questions that the state requires you pass. If you fail the first set of chapter questions you will be required to take another set of chapter questions.
If you are having difficulties with the course, please call us at 713-568-0170 between 8:00am-10:00pm CST.
How do I start the course?
To start the course, all you need to do is go to our home page and click the "Sign Up" button. You will be guided through the registration process. If you are taking our course to have your traffic ticket dismissed, you will need to know what county and court issued the ticket. This information could be located on the return address of a letter, on the ticket, or the paperwork that the court gave you when you received permission to take the class. You will also need to provide personal information, including your mailing address, driver's license number, and license plate number.
How soon can I start the online course?
You can start the online course as soon as you register. You can register for our course online 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, with no need to call us. To register, simply click on the "Sign Up" button on our home page. If you have any questions, contact us at 713-568-0170
How do I know if I pass each section?
After you complete the section completion questions, you will know immediately if you passed or not. If you do not pass, you will get two additional chances to pass the completion questions. When you do pass, a screen will appear that congratulates you on passing.
What happens if I fail the course completion questions?
If you fail the first set of chapter questions you will be required to take another set of chapter questions. If you fail that set of chapter questions you will be given a third and final set of questions. If you fail the third set of questions, you will fail the course. If you are having difficulties with the course, please call us at 713-568-0170.
Do I need to save my work?
Your registration and payment information are automatically saved. Once you finish each page, you will select the next button on that page and it will be saved as complete, in order to receive credit you have to select the next button. Simply log in using your login and password and we automatically keep track of the course work completed, so the next time you log in, you can pick up where you left off.
How do I get from section to section?
When you log in to the course, you are brought to the Table of Contents. From there, you will click on Judge Course Introduction, and you will start the course material. If it is your first time accessing the course material, you will be brought to the Table of Contents, where you may choose to start Chapter 1, Page 1. If you are logging in after having already completed some of the course material, you will be brought to the Table of Contents, where you may choose the last page you completed.
Every time you complete a page of course material, you click Next at the bottom right-hand corner of the page. This will bring you to the next page. You may proceed in this fashion throughout the entire course.
In addition, you can always go back and review the material you have already completed by clicking on the appropriate chapter link on the Table of Contents. This will open up a detailed Table of Contents from which you may pick what you would like to review.
How do I log out if I want to return later?
You can log out at any time by clicking on the "Log Out" button at the top left of the screen. Your progress is saved every time you log out. However, if you log out before completing the time requirement for a page, you will lose the time you have spent on that page.
How do I log in if I'm already registered?
If you have already registered, all you need to do is click on the "Log In" button on our home page and enter your log in and password. You will be able to pick up just where you left off. If you have not yet registered, you will need to click on the "Sign Up" button on our home page to begin the registration process.
What is an online defensive driving course?
You can log out at any time by clicking on the "Log Out" button at the top left of the screen. Your progress is saved every time you log out. However, if you log out before completing the time requirement for a page, you will lose the time you have spent on that page.
What is the difference between a Driving Safety Course and a Defensive Driving Course?
In the state of Texas, there is no difference between a Driving Safety Course and a Defensive Driving Course.
Do I need to go somewhere or is the course all online?
The entire course is accessed via the Internet. You can complete the course on any computer that has Internet access - at school, home, at work, at a friend's house, at the library, or at a coffee shop. It's your choice when and where you want to take and complete the course.
What is the difference between taking a defensive driving course online and taking a defensive driving course in a classroom?
When you take the course in a traditional classroom at Comedy Driving, you are taught by one of our comedians. Essentially, the only difference between the two options is that an online class allows you take the course on the internet at times convenient to you, whereas when you take the course in a classroom, you need to travel to the class and receive instructions at a set time and at one of our locations.
I forgot my password. How can find out what it is?
If you provided a valid email address upon registering for the course the password and log in information will be email to that email address. We will email your login name and password to the email address associated with your account when you log in for the course.
If you do not have access to email, or did not provide an email address at registration, please contact our Customer Service at 713-568-0170.
Do I need a printer to take this course?
You do not need a printer to take our course. You may want to print certain pages for your records, but this is not a requirement. Certain information will also be sent to you via e-mail, if you provide us with an e-mail address when you register.
Can I take your course to have my traffic ticket dismissed?
Absolutely. Our course has been approved by the Texas Education Agency. After you have received approval from the court to take a defensive driving course, then you can take our course. You do not need special approval from the court to take our particular course, just because it is being taken over the Internet.
What if my court paperwork requires an instructor signature? How do I get one?
A very few smaller courts in Texas require you to submit a signature from your defensive driving course instructor in addition to your Certificate of Completion. If so, we can provide you with an instructor signature. Just fax us the paperwork that requires a signature and we will return it to you with signature provided. Our fax number is 713-465-0058.
What if I don't have an e-mail address?
An e-mail address is not required, though it is recommended. When you enter a valid e-mail address during registration, you will receive important correspondence from our staff. Your e-mail address will NOT be released to anyone outside of our support staff. Unless there is an additional need for correspondence. You will only receive a couple of e-mails from us including: one when you register and one when you complete the course.
How much does the course cost?
Comedy Driving's online course costs $25.00. This price includes access to all educational materials in the course, all quizzes, and the test questions.
What payment options are available?
You can pay by credit card on our web site, or you can mail in a check or money order to:
Comedy Driving Inc
10891 Katy Freeway
Houston, TX 77079
Once we receive your check or money order we will contact you to enter you into the system.
If you would like to send in a check or money order please fill out the following form: Please click here for mail in payment form.
Where do I send my check or money order?
Please send your check or money order to:
Comedy Driving Inc
10891 Katy Freeway
Houston, TX 77079
If you would like to send in a check or money order please fill out the following form: Please click here for mail in payment form.
What is your phone number?
Our phone number is 713-568-0170
Do you offer customer assistance over the phone?
Yes. We have licensed instructors and technical support available from 8:00am - 10:00pm CST 7 Days/Week For assistance, call us at 713-568-0170.
If I take defensive driving for the insurance discount only, may I take it again for ticket dismissal in the same year?
Yes! If you take defensive driving for the insurance discount only, you can take it again in the same year for a ticket dismissal.
What forms of payment do you accept?
Our online course is currently setup to accept all Major Credit cards. Our Katy Freeway, Sugar Land, Willowbrook, and the League City locations accept payments by Cash, Check or Money Order.
Where do I send my check or money order?
Please send your check or money order to:
Comedy Driving Inc
10891 Katy Freeway
Houston, TX 77079
If you would like to send in a check or money order please fill out the following form: Please click here for mail in payment form.
FAQs Classroom Info
How do I get to your Katy Freeway location?
From Katy - take I-10 East exit Wilcrest, go through the light at Wilcrest go about 1/2 mile more right past the Allon Health Center. ( 10891 Katy Freeway )
From Downtom - take I-10 West exit Wilcrest, make a u-turn at Wilcrest drive back towards the Beltway about 1/2 mile,we are right past the Allon Health Center. ( 10891 Katy Freeway )
Comedy Driving is in-between Wilcrest and the Beltway on the right side of the feeder, in an orange shopping center. Some of our neighbors in the same shopping center are, Nikki's Irish Pub, and an Insurance Agency. There is a picture of the outside of the building on the Katy Freeway Page.
Click to see: Katy/West Katy/West Houston Defensive Driving Location Map
How do I get to your Sugar Land location?
We are located at 13501 Southwest Freeway, Sugar Land, TX, 77478.
Comedy Driving is in between Dairy Ashford and Highway 90 on the inbound side of Highway 59/Southwest Freeway. We are in a white shopping center with red "Defensive Driving" letters on the shopping center. We are next to the Goodwill Donation Center.
From Downtown - take 59 South and take the Dairy Ashford exit, make a u-turn at Dairy Ashford and about 1/2 mile after making the u-turn we are on the right in a white shopping center, right after you pass the Berry Hill Mexican restaurant.
From Hwy 6 / Sugar Land - take 59 North and exit Dairy Ashford. Stay on the feeder road and pass the light at Dairy Ashford, continue on the feeder road and we are on the right in a white shopping center, right after you pass the Berry Hill Mexican restaurant.
Click to see:
Sugar Land Defensive Driving Location Map
How do I get to your League City Location?
Our League City location is on the corner of 518 and 1-45 the southwest corner of that intersection right next to the EZ Cash Pawn Shop
It is a red and white shopping center on the feeder road of the Southwest Freeway (I-45 S.)
The shopping center is on the Friendswood side of
I-45.
Click to see: League City Defensive Driving Location Map
How do I get to your Willowbrook Location?
Our Willowbrook Location is located a half mile south of Willowbrook mall on FM 1960.
If
coming from 290 after passing Perry Road we are in the red and white
shopping center across from Prime Time Steakhouse and the Mister Car
wash.
If you are coming from 249 on FM 1960 take 1960 towards
290 we are one mile going south from Willowbrook on the right across
from the Mister Car Wash and Prime Time Steakhouse. There are a couple
of large businesses in our shopping center Central Business, Subway and
Weight Watchers.
Click to see: Willowbrook Defensive Driving Location Map
How do I get to your Humble City Location?
Our Humble location has been moved to Willowbrook at 9212 F.M. 1960 West, Houston TX, 77070.
However, please click here to find one of our other Houston Locations
Where should I park?
Katy Freeway has about 50 parking spaces in the rear of the building.
A: League City has parking spots available in front.
A: Sugar Land has a few parking spots available in front, and about 35 parking spaces in a parking area behind the building.
What should I bring with me when I come to your physical classroom?
Just your Texas Driver's License, Court information (the paperwork the court gave you when you received permission from the court to take the class, we do not need your driver's record for the class), and your sense of humor!
Do I need my driving record for the class?
No you don't need your Driving Record for the Class. . .but most courts do require it to be submitted with the certificate to the court.
Is there a notary available?
Yes at our Katy Freeway, League City, Willowbrook, and Sugar Land locations there is a Notary Available.
FAQs Registration
Can I take this course if I received a ticket in Texas but I do not live there or have a Texas driver's license?
If the court that issued the ticket allows you to take a defensive driving course, then you can take this course even if you don't live in Texas and don't have a Texas driver's license. However, we will not be able to verify your identity by drawing information from third-party databases. You will be required to submit a notarized Statement of Assurance. When you register, you will be notified that you must submit one, and you will be able to print the form from our web site at any point in the course. You must then fill it out, sign it, have it notarized, and fax or mail it to us before we can send your certificate out.
How do I register for your course?
The sign up process is simple. Just click on the "Sign Up" button on our home page and you will be guided through the process.
A: If you are taking our course to have your traffic ticket dismissed, you will need to know what county and court issued the ticket. This information could be located on the return address of a court letter, on the ticket, or on the paperwork that the court gave you when you received permission to take the class. You will then be asked to provide the following personal information: your name, mailing address, e-mail address (not required but recommended), phone number, city, birth date, driver license number, and license plate number. In addition, you will select a delivery option for your Certificate of Completion and a payment method when you register for our course.
A: If you are taking our course to get your insurance rates reduced, you will be asked to provide the same personal information as described above. Of course, for insurance-rate reduction purposes, you will not be asked for a county or court name or defensive driving school due date. However, you will select a delivery option for your Certificate of Completion and a payment method when you register for our course.
Do I have to talk to the Court before taking the class?
You must first "get permission" from the Court before taking the class for a ticket dismissal. When you go to the Court be sure to take with you: Proof of Insurance and Driver's License. The officer who gave you the ticket, cannot give your permission to take the class.
What if I made a mistake during registration and need to change my personal information?
If you made a mistake during the registration process, you will need to contact our Help Desk at 713-568-0170, so we can correct the mistake for you. You also have an opportunity to review/change delivery options and address information at the end of the course.
How soon can I start the course?
If you are paying online with a credit card or check, you may begin the course as soon as you have paid.
If you are paying with a check or money order by mail, we will create your account as soon as we receive your check. Once we do so, you will be able to enter the course. You may call our Help Desk for the status of your account. Or, if you provide us with an e-mail address at registration, we will e-mail you when you may begin the course. Alternatively, you may attempt to start the course. If it is successful, your payment was received and you can start in on the course.
Is it safe to use my credit card online?
Our website/server is secured by a 256 bit encrypted Secure Socket Layer (SSL) certificate,
the industry standard in secure server protection.
This certificate encrypts all data sent during the payment process.
We also do not store any credit card information on our systems for any reason.
FAQs Are You State Approved
Is this course Texas State approved for ticket dismissals and insurance discounts?
Yes. ComedyDriving.com is approved by the Texas Education Agency and is accepted by all courts in Texas to dismiss traffic tickets and can lower insurance rates by up to 10%. (Be sure to ask your insurance provider for details). If you are taking the course outside the state of Texas, ask your court and/or insurance company if they will accept a 6-hour Texas driving safety course approved by the Texas Education Agency.
Is your course approved in the State of Texas?
Yes. Our course is approved in the State of Texas by the Texas Education Agency and Region XIII Education Service Center for the dismissal of traffic tickets. It is also approved for the reduction of insurance rates.
FAQs Tech Information
What happens if my Internet connection fails while I'm taking the course?
When you are able to log in successfully, you will be taken to the place in the course where you left off before losing your Internet connection. Unfortunately, you may lose the time you spent on the page you were working on when your Internet connection failed which is typically a minute or two.
What if I have a dial-up connection?
Comedy Driving does not recommend that you use a dial up connection for our course.
Below are the following requirements to take our Texas online defensive driving course:
Adobe Flash Media Player 9 (or above) - Click here to download
Not sure which version of flash you have? Click here to find out: Adobe Flash Version Checker
Javasascript must be enabled in your browser. By default, Javascript is enabled on most computers. There is a 99% chance it is enabled on your computer, unless you are a techy and have disabled it - Click here for instructions on enabling Javascript
Internet Explorer Click here to download Internet Explorer or Mozilla Firefox Click here to download Mozilla Firefox
Safari version 3.1 and above are supported. Click here to upgrade your Safari Browser to 3.1+
**Comedydriving.com does not recommend using the AOL or Netscape browsers to take our course.
The minimum hardware required is such that it should be able to support the software configuration described above. The course requires the use of a pointing device such as a mouse. The course also requires that the hardware be equipped with speakers or headphones. Our program will automatically perform a software evaluation after registration but prior to the start of the course.
Internet Requirements:
With High Speed Internet - (cable or DSL), this course will run extremely well.
With Dial-Up Connection - Well...it's been done, but it will take you longer, and the videos will load slowly.
Comedy Driving does not recommend that you use a dial up connection for our course.
Is this course Texas State approved for insurance discounts?
Yes. Taking our course can reduce your insurance rates by up to 10%. Contact your insurance agent to find out more about the discount. If you are taking the course outside the state of Texas, ask your court and/or insurance company if they will accept a 6-hour driving safety course approved by the Texas Education Agency.
Do I have to take your entire course on the same device?
No. Our entire course is online, so you can take our course on any device that has an Internet connection. When you log in, our program will check the device you are using to make sure it has all the necessary software. If you need to download any additional software, we will show you how to do so easily and at no cost.
The pages on your site are not loading, what do I do?
If the pages for our site are not loading completely, you may want to disconnect your Internet connection and log back in. Your Internet Service Provider, or ISP, and web traffic typically cause this type of problem. If you continue to experience problems connecting, we recommend disconnecting and returning at a later time to complete the course when Internet traffic is not as heavy. If you are still having problems, you may call customer support at 713-568-0170.
What are the system requirements for taking your course?
Please visit our Requirements Page to view the requirements for our online course.
Our program will check to ensure that your computer meets all of these requirements, and we provide easy-to-follow instructions if you need to download any software.
What happens if my computer malfunctions while I am taking your course?
You can call our Help Desk at 713-568-0170 and we will assist you.
What should I do if there is an error message?
First, try closing your web browser, then logging back in to the course. Your progress will be saved. If the problem persists, please contact our Help Desk at 713-568-0170 so we can help you fix the problem.
Do you use third-party data and why?
For student validation purposes, we access public databases from the Texas Department of Transportation and the Texas Department of Public Safety in order to extract driver license and vehicle registration information. We use this information solely to ask you questions throughout the course so that we can validate that you indeed are the student who is taking the course. We do not use this data for any other purposes. When you register, you will need to read through our Terms of Use enrollment contract. In the enrollment contract, you authorize us to access this information under the condition that it be used exclusively for the purpose of student validation.
How do I know what version of Adobe Flash I have?
You may click this link: Adobe Flash Version Checker and it will tell you what version of flash you have.
FAQs Certificates and Mailing
What mailing options are available for my Certificate of Completion? How do I receive a Certificate of Completion from the online course?
There are 3 Delivery Options for your Certificate of Completion:
Instant Download/Email Delivery
Standard Mail Delivery
Express A.M. Overnight Delivery
To view full details about our available delivery options, please visit our delivery options page here.
You select your mailing option when you register for our course. If you decide to change your mailing option you will be allowed to change it at the end of the course, or call our office at 713-568-0170
How long does it take for my certificate to be mailed?
If you chose standard mail as your delivery option, the mail is dropped off within 1 business day. Overnights will be shipped/processed and delivered Monday-Friday excluding the holidays outlined on our
delivery options page:
We ask you to allow 1-5 business days for delivery. Premium delivery services (instant download/email and overnight) are available for an additional fee.
How soon after I complete the class will I get my Certificate of Completion if I take my course at one of your physical locations?
At the Katy Freeway, Sugar Land, Willowbrook, and the League City locations ... your Certificate of Completion will be mailed within 1 business day after the completion of your class! We do everything we can to drop the certificates in the mail the same day as class.
Which days will Comedy Driving mail certificates or ship/delivery overnight deliveries?
Mail will be dropped at the Post Office Monday - Saturdays. Excluding the Holidays below.
Overnights will be shipped/processed and delivered Monday - Friday Excluding the Holidays below.
If you paid for Email/Instant Download, they will be provided instantly upon completion of the online course.
Comedy Driving will not be able to process mail or overnight on these dates below.
Closing Holiday Schedule
New Year's Eve
New Year's Day
Martin Luther King, Jr's Birthday
Washington's Birthday (Presidents Day)
Memorial Day
Independence Day (Fourth of July)
Labor Day
Columbus Day
Veterans Day
Thanksgiving Day
Black Friday (Day After Thanksgiving)
Christmas Eve
Christmas Day
December 26th
January 2nd
Technical Support will be available 24/7/365.
Do you send my Certificate of Completion to the court for me?
No. When you complete the course we mail your Certificate of Completion to you (certificate may be emailed to you for an additional fee). It is your responsibility to sign your certificate and present the certificate to the court that you are working with.
Can you fax or e-mail the Certificate of Completion to the court?
No. Your certificate may NOT be faxed or emailed directly to the court.
However an option instant download/email to you options is available for an additional fee. The Certificate of completion will be sent directly to you, and it will be YOUR responsibility to file it with the proper court.
Can I stop in and pick up my certificate or will I receive it the same day of the classroom class?
Unfortunately Comedy Driving cannot handout the certificates at the end of the classes or allow students to stop in and pick up their certificate.
We can send your certificate through a commercial delivery service, or provide you with an email/instant download option for an additional fee.
As defined by the Texas Department of Licensing and Regulation -
The law and rules allow certificates of course completion be mailed, sent by a commercial delivery service or electronically issued.
Can all locations in Texas be delivered by 11:00a.m.?
No. Due to the remote locations of some towns in Texas, 11:00 a.m. delivery may not be available, but a delivery later that afternoon should be available.
Can I change my delivery option?
Yes. If you selected regular U.S. Mail delivery at the time of registration, but you now need your certificate delivered overnight or email/instant downlaod, you will be asked at the end of the course if you would like to change your delivery option.
I need another copy of my certificate. How can I get one?
If you have lost your certificate or it contains incorrect information, you may contact a customer support representative at 713-568-0170 to request a certificate reprint. If the student lost the certificate, or a correction needs to be made on the certificate due to a student mistake there will be a $10 fee assessed.
What if I don't receive my certificate in the time frame that was specified?
Standard Mail in Texas is 2-7 days.
Overnight Deliveries - as specified on the delivery options page
If you selected standard delivery (First Class Mail) and do not receive your certificate in 10 days, please call customer support to order a duplicate copy.
If you have typed the address incorrectly, have not included Drive, Lane, Court, Circle, Apartment Numbers, or if you wait more than 30 days to call there will be a $10 fee charged for a duplicate copy.
If you selected one of the Next Day/Overnight options please call customer support ASAP - if you did not receive the expected delivery as specified on the delivery options page.
For residents who are shipping overnight make sure the delivery service can access gated communities by providing a gate code via email before finishing the class.
For overnight office deliveries make sure a person can sign for the package, if the office personnel are not able to sign or the office is closed or at lunch the delivery may be re-attempted the next day.
FAQ Am I Eligible for Defensive Driving
I received my ticket in another state and I'm not sure if I'm eligible to take this course. How do I find out?
Regulatory agencies have different rules in different states on how often you can take driving safety courses and the purpose of the course can vary from state to state or court to court (insurance reduction, point reduction, etc.).
You should ALWAYS verify with your state or court before completing a driving safety course. Just be sure to take care of it before your assigned court date or due date.
My certificate is due today. Can I still take your course?
Time allowed for completion of courses and deadlines for submitting certificates of completion vary from court to court. We urge you to contact your court for this information to avoid taking this course and not receiving credit from the court.
My due date for attending a defensive driving course has passed. What should I do?
Comedy Driving will not give legal advice about your individual case; however, it may be possible for the court to grant an extension if you have a valid excuse. The court is the only entity that can grant this extension. You should first contact the traffic court clerk either in person, or by phone ,and ask what your particular court's procedures are with regard to granting extensions. Some courts will grant you extensions over the telephone and other courts will require that you go to the court in person and ask for an extension.
If you are not successful in getting an extension, you can ask the clerk for a just-cause hearing in order to see the judge, there is no guarantee that the court will grant this hearing. Some courts will allow you to see the judge for such matters on scheduled days and some will make an appointment for you. On the day of your court appearance, you should go to the court and ask the judge for the extension. If you have a valid reason for letting your due date slip by, the judge may grant you an extension. Keep in mind that judges are extremely busy and will not appreciate your appearance if you do not have a valid reason as to why you need an extension.
How do I get a certified copy of my Driver Record?
You can request a copy of your Driver Record at any time during the course by clicking on the "Driver Record" button; this links you to the Texas Department of Public Safety's website for ordering a driving record. Make sure you order Certified List of All Accidents and Violations in Record (Type 3A): certified version of Type 3. This record is acceptable for a Defensive Driving Course (DDC).
FAQs Affidavit
Affidavits
Affidavit
(Microsoft Word)
Affidavit
(Adobe PDF)
(**FOR OFFICE USE ONLY**)
Information Release Form
Comedy Driving Student Information Release Form
(Microsoft Word)
FAQs Policy Information
What is the operation and conduct policy?
No credit or completion will be given if the course is completed by anyone other than you or if you are assisted by an outside party. When you enroll in the course you are stating under penalty of perjury that you, and not another person, studied the material in its entirety and completed the chapter questions. By registering for the course, you understand that it may be a felony to make false statements or to falsify documents submitted to the court.
What is your cancellation/refund policy?
You will receive a full refund if: you cancel the enrollment contract within 3 business days of registering. This does not include Saturdays, Sundays, or Holidays. Refunds are issued within 30 days of the effective date of termination. If you fail a completion section three times, Comedy Driving cannot give you a refund according to state policies. In addition if you fail to provide the correct answers for the personal validation questions and/or affidavit you will not receive a refund. If you have not successfully completed the course within 120 days, your registration will be cancelled automatically and you will not be eligible for a refund.
What is your privacy policy?
The information our company collects about you is subject to our privacy policy. By disclosing information to Comedy Driving Inc., you are agreeing to the terms of this privacy policy. We recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of our students and visitors to our website while permitting us to conduct legitimate business by providing services and information of interest to our students and visitors.
What is your security policy?
Comedy Driving Inc. undertakes extensive precautions to ensure the security of your information both online and offline.
A: Online: Private information that you enter in the registration form (i.e., personal and financial information) is encrypted and protected by SSL, the finest encryption software available. While on a secure page, the lock icon on the bottom of your web browser will appear in the locked position.
A: Offline: We also protect your private information offline. We limit access to the information to a very select group of qualified employees, and only when that information is needed in order to perform necessary tasks. All of our employees receive training on our privacy and security policies. In addition, the servers on which we store our students' information are maintained in a secure environment.
FAQs Miscellaneous
No matches were found.
ComedyDriving.com
HomeReturning StudentsLocationsCourse InformationTerms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy
Have Questions?
If you have any questions, feel free to call us toll-free
713-568-0170
ACCREDITED BUSINESSA+ RATINGAS OF 07/26/2019
Comedy Driving, Inc. |10891 Katy Fwy, Houston, TX 77079 |
PHONE: 713-568-0170 | FAX : 713-465-0058