http://comedydriving.com/privacy-policy/
SIGN UP FOR ONLINE COURSE
RETURNING STUDENTS LOGIN
CONTACT US
Menu
Home Front Page
Locations Classroom Locations
Katy Freeway
League City
Sugar Land
Course Tour Course Information
Course Tour & Sample Pages
Delivery Options
Help Center
Corporate Class
About Us
Pricing Course Pricing
Driving RecordOrder Your Record
Login Returning Students
Menu
× Home Front Page
Locations Classroom Locations
Katy Freeway
League City
Sugar Land
Course Tour Course Information
Course Tour & Sample Pages
Delivery Options
Help Center
Corporate Class
About Us
Pricing Course Pricing
Driving RecordOrder Your Record
Login Returning Students
Defensive Driving Katy Texas
Comedy Driving Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you place an order, respond to a survey, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To quickly process your transactions.
• To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
• Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
• Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled It will turn off some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. You will not be able to log into our online course. However, you can still place orders
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Third party links
We do not include or offer third party products or services on our website
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
It’s also important to note that we do not allow third party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We only market to those who have a legal Texas Drivers License, and do we do not specifically market to children under 13.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Comedy Driving, Inc.
10891 Katy Frwy
Houston, TX 77079
comedydriving@comedydriving.com
713-568-0170
Last Edited on 2020-06-14
ComedyDriving.com
Home
Login
Pricing
Course Information
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Have Questions?
If you have any questions, feel free to call us toll-free
713-568-0170
Payments Accepted
Comedy Driving, Inc. |10891 Katy Fwy, Houston, TX 77079 | PHONE: 713-568-0170 | FAX : 713-465-0058