https://communispond.com/privacy-policy/
Company
Solutions
Insights
Contact
Public Seminars
Privacy Policy
1. OUR COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
Communispond, Inc. (“Communispond”) is committed to protecting the privacy of those who visit our websites. As part of our normal operations, we collect different kinds of information about our website visitors. We have, however, structured our websites so that people have the option to visit without identifying themselves or revealing any personal information.
This privacy policy and statement of cookie use (the “Privacy Policy”) discloses our privacy practices and expresses our commitment to keeping you informed of the information we collect and how it is used. We ask that you take time to read it carefully. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect new uses, rules, regulations or technologies that impact your privacy. We recommend that users review our Privacy Policy on a routine basis to view any changes. This Privacy Policy will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and data protection regulations.
The following are things you can do while visiting our website if you prefer NOT to have information about your visit collected.
Disable cookies within your browser before visiting our website;
Choose not to submit information via web forms located within our website;
Choose to register for public seminars via telephone or email as opposed to our website;
Choose not to “opt-in” to receiving informational emails
The following describes the information we collect and how that information is used to provide our visitors with the optimal online experience.
2. COOKIES AND SPOTLIGHT IMAGES OR WEB BEACONS
We use Javascripting in cooperation with cookies and “spotlight images” or “web beacons” to track website traffic and email response. A “spotlight image” or “web beacon” is an electronic image, called a 1-by-1 pixel or clear GIF, that can recognize certain types of information on your computer, such as your cookie number, time and date of a page view and so on. These methods do not collect any personal information, but simply aggregate information that allows us to research patterns of behavior on our site to learn how to better meet our visitors’ needs. You may refuse cookies by turning off that feature on your web browser.
In addition, we use and allow third parties to serve cookies on our site – specifically we use Google Analytics and Pardot to help us monitor our website traffic and understand visitor behavior.
3. THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
You may be visiting our website for a variety of reasons. For the purpose of this privacy policy, we will classify these reasons as (i) browsing, (ii) submitting forms, (iii) purchasing services and (iv) completing surveys. Please note that not all activities may be available on our website at a given time. For each different type of activity, we collect and store different types of data for different reasons.
Browsing – If you are simply browsing or navigating through our websites, we collect information about your computer and the pages you visit on our website in the aggregate (not individual or personal information). We use this information for research, analysis and reporting so that we can improve our navigation, page structure and page content to help visitors find information more quickly and provide more value when they find what they are looking for on our websites. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.
Submitting Forms – Certain pages of our website contain forms that allow you to request information about our services and solutions or to gain access to valuable resources (like white papers and articles) in exchange for contact information. In completing one of these forms, you may be required to provide contact information, such as your name, phone number and/or email address.
Purchasing – For registering for events or courses, we will prompt you to fill out an online form. We collect information through this form that enables us to complete your order and/or registration. If you do not want to register for an event or course via an online form, you may register via telephone by calling 1-800-843-5168 or 44 (0) 7469 887627 or by emailing info@communispond.com.
Completing Surveys – For surveys, we collect responses to help us improve various aspects of our business based on aggregate and individual feedback provided. These surveys are sent via opt-in marketing programs or are made available on our website for you to participate if you so choose.
The personal information Communispond collects from you is stored in one or more databases hosted by third parties located in the United States. These third parties do not use or have access to your personal information for any purpose other than cloud storage and retrieval.
4. HOW WE USE AND SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We occasionally enlist vendors to provide services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings. We will only provide vendors with the personal data they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
We may place email links on this site to allow you to contact us directly via email. The information you provide is used to respond directly to your questions or comments. Those comments may be stored to improve the quality of our site and our services.
We provide our users a choice as to whether or not they would like to receive marketing or promotional communications. Users may, from time to time, receive up-to-date information on products and services via our e-mail newsletter. Users may opt-out at any time from receiving these communications. Please see Section 5, Communication Preferences.
5. COMMUNICATION PREFERENCES
You may opt-out from use of your personally identifiable information collected online for the purpose of sending such marketing or promotional communications at any time by going to our e-mail preferences page located at http://go.communispond.com/emailpreferences or by following the unsubscribe instruction contained within each of the newsletters or promotional communications you receive. Alternatively, you may send an email to info@communispond.com. Please provide a name, email address, and details of your request so that we are able to process it quickly. If we lack sufficient information to process your request, we may contact you to request further information or clarification.
Also, in compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act, we provide our physical mailing address in all email communications for general correspondence and opt-out communications.
We will retain your information for as long as needed for the purposes for which it was collected, and in accordance with our retention policies, as applicable. We will retain and use your information as appropriate to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
6. SHARING OF INFORMATION
Unless Communispond has your permission or is required by law, or except as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy, Communispond will not sell, rent or lease your personally identifiable information to others, except in order to provide you with the products and services you request. Communispond will only share the personally identifiable information you provide online with other Communispond affiliates, marketers of Communispond’s products, Communispond’s partners and/or service providers who may be used to ship products, provide technical support, handle order processing, or otherwise act on Communispond’s behalf for the purpose of marketing and providing Communispond products and services, administering and operating the website and our business and sending marketing and promotional communications.
We may share or disclose your personally identifiable information if such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with legal process (such as a court order) or other legal requirements of any governmental authority; (b) protect our rights or property; (c) protect the interest of users of the website, other than you, or any other person; or (d) operate or conduct maintenance and repair of our services or equipment, as authorized by law.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, as a result of the sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or liquidation of Communispond, we may transfer, sell or assign information concerning your use of this website, including without limitation, personally identifiable information, to third parties involved in the transactions listed above. In the event of such transfer, sale or assignment, notice will be given in accordance with Section 14, Notification of Changes, below.
7. LINKS
Communispond may provide you with links to other websites that may be operated by companies not affiliated with Communispond. For example, our website includes social media features, such as the Facebook, Google+, Twitter, and LinkedIn “Share” buttons. Please be aware that Communispond is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. Communispond does not endorse them or make any representations about them or any information, services, products or materials found on them. Linked websites may have their own privacy policies or notices, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked websites. We are not responsible for the content of any websites that are not affiliated with Communispond, any use of those websites, or the privacy practices of those websites.
8. DATA TRANSFER AND SECURITY
We may transfer the personally identifiable information we collect about you to countries other than the country in which the information originally was collected. Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer your information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Policy and in accordance with applicable law.
We will take steps intended to safeguard personally identifiable information stored on our systems from unauthorized access or disclosure. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online services, and you do so at your own risk.
9. HOW TO ACCESS AND CORRECT YOUR INFORMATION
Communispond strives to keep your personally identifiable information accurate and up-to-date. Should you find inaccuracies in your personally identifiable information and wish to amend, correct or delete the same, please contact us through one of the communication methods described below in Section 13, Contacting Us. To the extent required by applicable law, Communispond will respond to requests to update personally identifiable information within 30 days of the reception of the request.
10. CHILDREN
We are concerned about the privacy of young children and do not knowingly collect any personal information from a child under the age of 18. If we learn that we have personal information on a child under the age of 18, we will delete that information from our records and systems.
11. SECURITY
We employ procedural and technical measures that are designed to help protect your personal information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. However, we cannot guarantee that third parties will not overcome any such measures and gain access to your information for unauthorized purposes. By using the website, you accept the risk that compromise of and unauthorized access to your information is possible. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we disclaim any warranty or guarantee that your information will be protected from misuse, appropriation, alteration, or loss.
All data submitted via our online course registration process is submitted using secure transport technologies to provide you with the utmost in protection for your private information.
We restrict access to your personal data to those employees who need to know that information to provide benefits or services to you. In addition, we train our employees about the importance of confidentiality and maintaining the privacy and security of your information. We commit to taking appropriate disciplinary measures to enforce our employees' privacy responsibilities.
12. ACCEPTANCE OF PRIVACY POLICY
By using the website, you signify your assent to our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use our website. Your continued use of this website following posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
13. CONTACTING US
Please contact us if you:
have any comments or concerns about this privacy policy,
wish to confirm that Communispond is processing your personal data, or
wish to have access to the personal data Communispond may have about you, the practices of this site, or your interactions with this site.
Communispond, Inc. Attn: Data Privacy 181 Montauk Hwy East Hampton, NY 11937 info@communispond.com +1-800-529-5925
14. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
We reserve the right to update or modify this policy at any time, for any reason, without notice to you, other than the posting of the amended Privacy Policy at this Site. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our policies and will e-mail Communispond members of material changes thereto, but you should check our Site frequently to see the current Privacy Policy that is in effect and any changes that may have been made to it.
Last updated: May 7, 2018
Let’s Talk.Whether you need support or just want to connect, our team is here for you.
Questions? Contact us.
© Copyright 2012-2020 Communispond, Inc. All rights reserved.
Terms & ConditionsPrivacy Policy