https://communityresourcefcu.com/privacy-statement/
Call Us 518.783.2211
Call Us 518.783.2211About UsApply for a LoanBranches/HoursRatesContact UsLoginOnline EnrollmentForgot Password
Privacy Statement
Your financial privacy is our priority
How we protect your information
Community Resource is committed to protecting the privacy of our members’ account. We restrict access to personal, non-public information about you to those employees who have a specific business purpose for using the information. Our employees are trained on the importance of maintaining member confidentiality and privacy. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations as well as leading industry practices to safeguard your personal, non-public information. We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the information we collect and store. Unfortunately, no security measures are 100% foolproof, and as such no network or system (including ours) can be guaranteed to be 100% secure against destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to information we collect and store. If you believe your information may not be secure for any reason, please contact us immediately.
What information we collect and why
Community Resource collects the following personal, non-public information about you from a variety of sources:
Information to provide you with financial products and services such as your name, address, social security number, assets, income, account balance, payment history, parties to transactions and credit card usage from loan applications or other forms or from other companies that work closely with us.
Information for the purposes of establishing and maintaining an account or obtaining credit and for any update, renewal, or extension of credit received such as your creditworthiness and credit history from credit reporting agencies. Information from current or past employers, other financial institutions and other sources for verification of the information you provide on applications.
Information we share and why
Community Resource is committed to providing you with competitive products and services to meet your financial needs. Consequently, we must share nonpublic personal information about you to complete your transactions, to provide you with certain financial opportunities. In order to do so, we have entered into agreements with third party companies that provide either service to us or additional financial products for you to consider. These companies include data processors, credit, and debit card processors, check printers, check clearing companies, collection companies, attorneys, licensed brokers and investment companies, IRA service suppliers, consulting companies and statement processors and mailers. We also share information with legal, regulatory and auditing third parties when necessary to conduct a criminal investigation, to satisfy certain regulatory and audit requirements, and to comply with IRS and state government information reporting requirements. We do not sell member lists and we do not share nonpublic personal information with companies that we do not have an affiliation with.
Under these arrangements, Community Resource may disclose all of the information we collect to companies that perform marketing or other services on our behalf or to other financial institutions with whom we have joint marketing agreements. To protect our members’ privacy, we only work with companies that agree to maintain strong confidentiality protections and who limit the use of information we provide. We do not permit these companies to sell the information we provide to other third parties.
Community Resource may disclose information we collect about you under other circumstances as permitted or required by law. This disclosure typically includes information to process transactions on your behalf, conduct the operations of the Credit Union, follow your instructions as you authorize or protect the security of our financial records.
If you terminate your membership with Community Resource, we will not share information we have collected about you, except as permitted or required by law.
If you do not wish to have your name included in the sharing of information please contact the Credit Union and your name will be removed from any future third party contacts.
Information collected automatically through your use of the Services
We collect information about how you use the Services and your actions on the Services, including IP addresses, what software and hardware you use (such as browser types, operating systems, ISPs, platform type, device type, mobile device identifiers such as make and model, mobile carrier), pages or features of CRFCU used and associated dates and time stamps, search terms, links you click, whether you open messages sent to your account, and other statistics related to your usage of the Services. We may also use tools, including third-party tools, to collect analytics data. Some of this information is collected through the use of “cookies” and other tracking technologies, such as web beacons, session replay scripts, and similar technologies (“tracking technologies”). We may also work with third party partners to employ tracking technologies.
If you would prefer not to accept cookies or otherwise wish to disable our use of tracking technologies, you may, please note that doing so may negatively impact your experience using the Services, as some features may not work properly.
Location information
In some cases, we may collect limited location information. For example, we may use Google Analytics convert your IP address into a rough geolocation to understand in what areas our users are located and to improve and personalize Communications (for example, to display time data in the correct local time).
How to protect your account
Protect your account numbers, card numbers, personal identification numbers (PINs), and passwords. Never keep your PIN with your debit or credit card as doing so provides easy access to your accounts if your card is lost or stolen.
Use caution when disclosing your account numbers, social security numbers, or any other sort of identifying information to other persons.
Keep your information current. It is important that we have your current address, phone number, and email address in case there is fraudulent activity in your account.
Under no circumstances will Community Resource, our regulator (NCUA), or affiliates ever contact you by phone, mail or email to request your account number-PIN or other personal, nonpublic information. If you receive an unsolicited request for your personal or account information, please contact us before you respond or click on any link.
This Community Resource FCU banking site Online Security and Privacy Policy explains how we may collect information from you online when you visit our website. Our commitment to protecting your information and your privacy extends to your online banking. While our privacy policies are the same, whether you are online or not, we have extra measures in place to protect your privacy when you bank online with us.
How we handle information about you when you visit our website will depend on what you do when visiting the site.
Managing Your Information
You have many choices to access information we collect about you and about how we use or disclose that information. This section details many of those choices, including how you can exercise rights you may with respect to your information (including personally identifiable information), how you can opt out of collection and use of certain types of information for certain purposes (such as marketing), and how you can use your browser or third-party tools to disable certain collection methods (such as cookies or tracking technologies).
You may access, correct, amend, or delete Content by accessing it within your account. Content you delete (including Content containing personal information) may be retained in archived or backup copies in order to enable you to use certain features like history and snapshots. For instructions on how to permanently delete your account, please contact us. Please note that permanent deletion of accounts through this process may impair or disable features.
If you wish to cancel your account email subscription, you may do so through any email opt out. If you do, personally identifiable information associated with your account will be deleted as soon as is reasonably practical or as required by applicable law. Please note that we may retain information that is otherwise deleted in anonymized and aggregated form, in archived or backup copies as required pursuant to records retention obligations, or otherwise as required by law.
We may use some of the information we collect for marketing purposes, including to send you promotional communications about new CRFCU features, products, events, or other opportunities. If you wish to stop receiving these communications or to opt out of use of your information for these purposes, please follow the opt-out instructions by clicking “Unsubscribe” (or similar opt-out language) in those communications.
VISITING
If you visit our website to read information and do not use any of our online services, then we collect and store only the name of the domain from which you access the Internet, the date and time you access our website and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our website. We may record the “IP address” assigned to you by your internet service provider as part of this process. We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site and to help us make our website more useful to visitors.
USING SERVICES
When you visit our website or use our electronic banking services, there may also be times when you are asked to provide information about yourself that is personally identifiable (“Personal Information”). This may include any of the following:
your first, middle and last name,
your home or other physical address (including street name and name of a city or town),
your e-mail address,
a telephone number,
social security number,
account number,
date of birth,
mother’s maiden name, and
password or any other identifier that permits physical or online contact with you.
Personal Information might be needed or requested from you so you can register for banking or other services, or to fill out our forms or applications for services, for special promotions or contests, to accomplish transactions you request (such as bill payment or other banking services), or send you important information regarding the services, changes, to this Policy and/or other similar administrative information. This may result in sharing of Personal Information with third parties (such as data processors or service bureaus) as part of servicing your accounts or transactions.
There may be a need for you to contact us to make changes to your Personal Information. When you contact us through our website or online banking, a credit union representative will contact you shortly after to ensure the validity of the request. Upon verifying your identity and confirmation of the request, the changes will be documented within the appropriate account forms to be signed by you. No changes will be made until the fully executed account forms have been received by the Credit Union.
When you supply us with your postal or e-mail address or telephone number online, you may receive periodic mailings or telephone contact from us with information on new products, services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings or contact, please call us or write us at the telephone number or address shown on your account statement. Please provide us with your exact name, street, and e-mail address. Even if you make this choice, we may still send you an e-mail to deliver your statements (which may include marketing materials) or give you account-related notices or other information.
COOKIES
There is a technology called “cookies” that can collect, store, and sometimes track information. A cookie is a small data file that can be placed on your hard drive when you visit certain websites. We use cookies to store your preference information on the use of our site and to facilitate access to restricted web pages during a single online session. A session cookie (or ‘session variable’) is used to authenticate your login information.
While you are logged on viewing your account information or conducting online transactions with us, we recommend that you do not access other websites during your online session. Always exit from your online session with us before moving to or accessing other websites and prior to turning off your computer.
Some browsers allow you to reject cookies. However, if you set your browser to reject cookies, you may find that you are unable to conduct your online transactions with us. If you choose to NOT accept cookies while accessing web pages on the Internet, we suggest that you enable acceptance of cookies when you are logged onto your online session with us. For detailed instructions on enabling and disabling cookies, refer to your web browser’s online HELP menu or user manual.
Our Site does not process or respond to “do not track” requests or other similar web browser mechanisms, which enable users to indicate an opt-out preference regarding the collection of Personal Identifiable Information. By using our Site, you acknowledge and agree that anonymous information may be collected. By completing a form or other request for information, you agree to the collection of this information. Please note that industry standards are currently evolving and we may not separately respond to or take any action with respect to a “do not track” configuration set in your internet browser.
E-MAIL
You may also decide to send us information that personally identifies you, for example, in an electronic mail (e-mail) message. We will use that information to respond to the inquiry and provide accurate information in response to questions. We preserve your e-mail address, our response, and the original content of your e-mail for a period of time so we can efficiently handle any follow-up questions you may have. We also do this for legal, regulatory and account servicing requirements.
If you visit our website or engage in any online services that we offer, then we may collect and store these categories of Personal Information. We will not share the Personal Information you provide us on our website or by e-mail, except as described below. The Personal Information we obtain from you is stored with us if it is to be used on an ongoing basis.
SECURITY PROCEDURES
We want you to use our website with confidence, knowing that the information you submit to us is secure. The encryption strength varies depending on the browser you are using, however, most current browsers offer 128-bit encryption. Additionally, many browsers display a secured lock symbol to indicate a secure connection. Emails that you may send to us outside our online banking service may not be secure unless we advise you that security measures will be in place prior to your transmitting the information. For that reason, we ask that you do not send confidential information such as social security or account numbers to us through an unsecured email.
For members, when you log in to Internet Banking the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol is used to establish a secure and encrypted session with our service providers. This encryption is designed to ensure the privacy and integrity of the information exchanged. You can tell whether your browser is in secure mode by looking for the secured lock symbol on your browser window. To obtain details about the encryption, position your mouse over a blank area of your screen and right-click to select “properties” information about the page being viewed (Note: the title for “properties” will vary by browser). The properties or page information section will indicate the encryption strength being used to view the secure page.
We have implemented multifactor and multilayer authentication, in addition to online banking user security, which requires multiple pieces of information to validate identity while ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements and Federal Financial recommendations. Multifactor Authentication automatically monitors accounts for unusual activity based on account history and requires customers to verify their identity by answering pre-selected challenge questions.
LINKS
We are not responsible for practices employed by websites of other companies linked to or from our site, nor the information or content contained therein. We cannot, and do not, make any representations about the security, practices, and policies of these companies, and are not responsible in any way for how these companies use cookies or any information you provide to them. This remains true even where the linked site appears within the parameters or window/frame of our website. Often, links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to users of our site. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our website to another web site, our Online Privacy and Security Policy is no longer in effect. Your interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our site, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies. Please read those rules and policies before proceeding
International Transfers (including Transfers Outside of the European Union)
We process and store information on servers located in the United States, and we may store information on servers and equipment in other countries depending on a variety of factors, including the locations of our users and service providers. By using the Services, you consent to the transfer of information (including Customer Information, Content, and personally identifiable information) to locations that may be outside of your country of residence, including the United States. You acknowledge and agree that, as a condition of providing any Content, you can legally transfer it to the United States or another country.
With respect to transfers of information out of the European Union (EU), we may process some personally identifiable information pursuant to data processing agreements that include the EU Standard Contractual Clauses.
CHANGES TO THE ONLINE PRIVACY AND SECURITY POLICY
From time to time, we may make changes to this Policy in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements or for other purposes. We encourage you to review the Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use and share information through the Services. If we do make changes to the Policy, we will also update the “Revision Date” posted at the top of the Policy.