https://comnav.com/terms-conditions/
MENU
Products
Autopilot
GNSS Position & Heading
Automatic Identification Systems (AIS)
Thermal Cameras
Industry
Marine
Agriculture
Mining, Machine Control
Energy & Engineering
Construction, GIS, Survey
About
President’s Note
Vision
Global Service
Technical Support Network
Contact Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Code of Conduct
Terms & Conditions
Terms of Use
Last update:  Mar 2019
Welcome to the new ComNav website!    We designed our Future Prepare section of the website to allow you to learn about how ComNav is developing technology solutions that will embrace our future.
The following terms govern your access and use of the ComNav website, including content offered via our website. By using our website, you agree to the following terms.  Specifications and terms are subject to change without notice so your use of the ComNav website means that you agree to the changes and Terms of Use.  The information presented on the ComNav website is made available solely for information purposes.  We do not warrant the completeness, or accuracy of this information and any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk.  We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by you or any other visitor accessing the ComNav website. The ComNav website content is updated from time to time using reasonable efforts, but not necessarily current. If any of the content on our website is out of date at any given time, ComNav is under no obligation to update such material.  Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using this Service.  Your access to and use of the Service is based on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms.  These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.  By accessing and use of the ComNav website, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use and accept all legal consequences.  If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, in whole or in part, please do not use the Service.
Privacy
We value your privacy. Please review our Privacy Policy to understand our practices. All information provided to us via this website is governed by our Privacy Policy.
Trademarks
ComNav and ComNav logo, along with associated tag lines are registered trademarks of ComNav Marine Ltd.  You are not allowed to use these trademarks without our prior written authorization.
Other Intellectual Property Rights
This website and its entire contents, features and functionality are owned by ComNav Marine Ltd., and are protected by Canadian, U.S. and International trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights by national and international laws. The website Service and all contents, including but not limited to text, images, graphics or code are the property of ComNav and are protected by copyright, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights.   You may display and copy, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the Service only for your own non-commercial use.  Any other use is strictly prohibited and may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.  These Terms do not grant you a license to use any trademark of ComNav or its affiliates.  You further agree not to us, change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the Service.
Permitted and Prohibited Uses
The ComNav website should only be accessed and used only for lawful purposes in accordance with these terms. You agree not to use our website in any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local or international law. You also agree not to intentionally interfere with the proper working of our website.
Disclaimer of Warranties
ComNav does not guarantee or warrant that content available from the internet or this website will be free of viruses or other destructive code. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures to satisfy your requirements for anti-virus protection.  Your use of the ComNav website and its contents is at your own risk, as the website and its contents is provided on “as is” and “as available” basis, without any warranties of any kind, express or implied.   Neither ComNav nor any person associated with ComNav makes any warranty representation in terms of completeness, security, reliability, quality, accuracy, error-free or availability of our website.  We hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, statutory or otherwise, including but not limited to any warranties of merchantability.
If you breach any of these Terms and ComNav chooses not to immediately act, or chooses not to act at all, ComNav will still be entitled to all rights and remedies at any later date, or in any other situation, where you breach these Terms. ComNav does not waive any of its rights.  ComNav shall not be responsible for any purported breach of these Terms caused by circumstances beyond its control.  A person who is not a party to these Terms shall have no rights of enforcement.   You may not assign, sub-license or otherwise transfer any of your rights under these Terms.
Links to Other Websites
The ComNav website Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by ComNav.
ComNav has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy polices, or practices of any third party websites or services.  You further acknowledge and agree that ComNav shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such website or services.  We strongly advise you to read the terms, conditions and privacy policies of any third-party website or services that you visit.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
All matters relating to our website and these Terms of Use and any dispute or claim arising therefrom will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws and courts of Canada. You waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction by such courts. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then any remaining provision of these Terms will remain in effect.  These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements, oral or otherwise, regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will make reasonable efforts to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect.  What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion. By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, in whole or in part, please stop using the website and the Service.
Entire Agreement
These terms and our Privacy Policy constitute the agreement between you and ComNav with respect to our website and supersede all prior understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to our website.
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Careers
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Code of Conduct