https://compactinstruments.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
HomeTerms & Conditions
Terms & ConditionsLee Crossey-Wilkinson2020-01-15T14:01:40+00:00
Terms & Conditions
One Year Warranty
Compact Instruments Limited warrants their products to be free from defects in material and workmanship for a period of one year from the date of shipment. This warranty does not apply to any product which has been subject to misuse, negligence, or accidental damage, or if the unit has any unauthorised modification. This applies to new products only.
Satisfaction of this warranty, consistent with other provisions herein, will be limited to the replacement, or repair or modification of, or issuance of a credit for, the Goods involved, at Compact Instruments Limited discretion, only after the return of such Goods and subsequent inspection confirming validation of warranty, and with consent in accordance with the Return Policy and with shipping charges prepaid. Goods may only be returned for a credit by Compact Instruments Limited agreement in writing. There will be a re-stocking charge equal to 50% of the price paid on the original invoice – modified, or special-build items, are excluded.
THIS WARRANTY IS IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES WHETHER EXPRESSED, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS.
Terms & Conditions
General
Compact Instruments Limited and Customer agree that the terms and conditions identified in this document shall govern exclusively the sale by Compact Instruments Limited of all hardware and services (collectively referred to as “Goods”) within the United Kingdom. No addition or any modification to any of the terms and conditions as they appear in this document shall be binding upon Compact Instruments Limited unless in writing and signed by an authorized representative of Compact Instruments Limited.
Terms
Terms to Customers with satisfactory credit are nett thirty (30) days from day of invoice. A 1.5% monthly service charge (18% annually) will be added to accounts not paid within 30 days from date of invoice at the discretion of Compact Instruments Limited.
Shipment
All prices quoted (including repairs, parts, and goods sold separately) are ex-works. Any shortages should be notified in writing within 7 days of receipt of goods, otherwise we can accept no responsibility.
Packing
All shipping prices listed provide for standard packing for domestic shipping in accordance with Compact Instruments Limited standard specifications. If special packaging is required for domestic shipment or for export shipment, refer to factory for additional charges.
Title & Responsibility
Title to hardware shall remain with Compact Instruments Limited as security only and until full payment is received. Risk of loss or damage shall pass to Customer upon shipment from our factory. While we try and ensure that all prices on our website are accurate, errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price of goods you have ordered we will inform you as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it. If we are unable to contact you we will treat the order as cancelled. If you cancel and you have already paid for the goods, you will receive a full refund.
Product Changes
Changes in design and improvements in manufacture are constantly being made by Compact Instruments Limited whenever the company believes that the product will be improved. No obligations to incorporate these changes in units prior to the change will be assumed.
Penalty Clauses
No contracts or quotations showing penalty clause for failure to meet shipment are acceptable to Compact Instruments Limited.
Shipping Weights & Dimensions
Published weights are careful estimates but are not warranted. Dimensions shown in catalogue are approximate.
Quotations
All written quotations automatically expire unless accepted within sixty (60) days from the date quoted. Verbal quotations expire on the same day that they are made.
Taxes
The customer shall pay all excise or similar taxes to the appropriate agency where and when applicable.
Delay
Compact Instruments Limited shall not be liable for damage as a result of any delay due to any cause beyond Compact Instruments Limited’s reasonable control including, without limitation, act of God, act of war, riot, delay in transportation or inability to obtain necessary labour, materials, or manufacturing facilities. In the event of any such delay, the date of delivery shall be extended for a period equal to a time lost by reason of delay.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall Compact Instruments Limited be liable for consequential or incidental damages or any expense incurred by the Customer attributed to any product sold hereunder.
Returns Policy
Compact Instruments Limited’s returns policy is quite clear: NO PRODUCT RETURNS will be accepted unless accompanied by a RETURN MATERIAL AUTHORISATION (RMA) number, issued by the Sales or Technical teams. Should you need to return any item, for inspection, repair, or any other reason, PLEASE CONTACT THIS OFFICE IN ORDER TO OBTAIN YOUR UNIQUE RMA REFERENCE NUMBER, so that the processing of your returned item may be properly monitored and progressed. In the case of items incorrectly specified by the hard-copy purchase order, we may in some cases (DEPENDANT UPON our evaluation of the possibility of a future sales requirement) allow a MAXIMUM CREDIT of up to 25% of the original UNIT NET INVOICED PRICE.
Repair Policy
We have increased our repair capacity, and now offer a wider range of repair possibilities, with very short lead times.
Priority is given to WARRANTY REPAIRS. These are free of charge with UK return shipping charges paid, PROVIDING THAT THE REASON FOR FAILURE IS NOT FOUND TO BE APPLICATION RELATED, and can be positively identified as an Compact Instruments Limited QUALITY ISSUE. Warranty repairs should normally be completed within 10 working days of receipt of theInstrument.
ALL INSPECTIONS, (of products manufactured either by “Compact Instruments Limited”, or any other manufacturer), will be subject to a standard charge, and the cost of return shipping, (details available from the Sales Office). Should a repair be agreed, this inspection charge will be waived, and the appropriate repair charge, and return shipping charges, will be applied. Inspections and repair evaluations should normally be completed within 10 working days.
Compact Instruments Limited NON-WARRANTY REPAIRS are subject to standard charges and the cost of return shipping, (details available for the Sales Office). Non warranty repairs should normally be completed within 10 working days.
OEM repairs, (i.e. instruments NOT of our own manufacture), are subject to standard charges, and return shipping, (details available from the Sales Office)
Any Warranty returns should be accompanied by a valid RMA number, (Return Material Authorisation), which will be issued by the Sales Office, and which should be signed, giving us authority to proceed with any inspection or repair.
Any returns, (other than Compact Instruments Limited Warranty Repairs), for which we do not receive specific instruction and a VALID PURCHASE ORDER, will only be retained for a maximum of 30 days. Should we NOT receive specific instructions within the 30-day period, any material in our possession will be considered as being unwanted, and will be scrapped.
All products are manufactured in an ISO 9001:2008 standards environment, and more recently we gained certification for Intrinsically Safe products for use in hazardous area applications.
Payment Methods
Useful Information
About Us
Calibration & Repairs
Christmas & New Year Delivery Period
Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Delivery Information
General Data Protection Regulation [GDPR]
Payment Methods
Privacy Policy & Cookies
Quality Policy
Terms & Conditions
Site Resources
ATEX – IECEx
BSI Membership
Instruction Manuals
Instrument Weight & Dimensions
ISO Certifications
REACH Declaration of Compliance
RoHS Declaration of Compliance
WEEE Compliant
Contact & Support
Phone: +44 (0)1204 532544
Fax: +44 (0)1204 522285
Address: 61-65 Lever Street, Bolton,
Lancashire, BL3 2AB, United Kingdom
Facebook
Twitter
Compact Instruments Limited, 61-65 Lever Street, Bolton, Lancashire BL3 2AB Registered in England & Wales, Registered Number: 04795150Registered Office: 61-65 Lever Street, Bolton, Lancashire, BL3 2AB VAT Registration Number: GB 824 8697 84 © Copyright 2020. All Rights Reserved.