https://compactinstruments.co.uk/quality-policy/
Quality Policy
HomeQuality Policy
Quality PolicyLee Crossey-Wilkinson2020-01-15T14:00:40+00:00
Quality Policy
Quality Policy Statement & Objectives
The company believes that its market expects a continually improving service. We aim to continually improve the service we provide to meet our client’s requirements and to produce finished work that we can justifiably be proud of.
To accomplish these objectives the Company has established and maintains an effective Quality System built upon the requirements in the ATEX Directive 2014/34/EU and BE EN ISO 9001 Model for Quality Assurance in design, development, production and servicing.
It also includes a commitment to meet the requirements of our client’s, as well as legal and regulatory requirements. Also to continual development of the system and helping to ensure it remains effective.
Only by providing an outstanding service and product quality will we achieve our aims of long term success and sustained improvements.
All personnel within the company are responsible for the quality of their work. The company provides training and has established systems to assist all personnel to achieve the standards required. While we endeavour to produce work and offer a service that we can be proud of, we have to recognise that we don’t always achieve our own standards. When a customer complains, we are committed to investigating the complaint and will do our best to put right all justified complaints.
The policy, organisation and procedures necessary to achieve the required standards are described in our Quality Management System. The Quality Manager is responsible for monitoring the quality system and reports regularly to the Managing Director on the system’s implementation, status and effectiveness.
Objectives for individual jobs are to carry out works to the satisfaction of the client and in accordance with the contract as agreed with the client.
Compact Instruments key objectives in the industry include high customer satisfaction levels, increased revenue and positive word-of-mouth reputation. Other measurable objectives include increased market share and low employee turnover.
In addition to these objectives, Compact Instruments is aware that service initiatives can increase performance. Providing regular feedback and offering a mechanism for employees to approach management with concerns and suggestions can help increase overall service performance.  We develop criteria for measuring goal progress and performance  increased repeat business figures, production/output, revenue generation Also take into consideration levels of absenteeism, meeting deadlines, taking initiative, staying on budget. Performance evaluation is monitored through knowledge of the Company’s products and services.
Payment Methods
Useful Information
About Us
Calibration & Repairs
Christmas & New Year Delivery Period
Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Delivery Information
General Data Protection Regulation [GDPR]
Payment Methods
Privacy Policy & Cookies
Quality Policy
Terms & Conditions
Site Resources
ATEX – IECEx
BSI Membership
Instruction Manuals
Instrument Weight & Dimensions
ISO Certifications
REACH Declaration of Compliance
RoHS Declaration of Compliance
WEEE Compliant
Contact & Support
Phone: +44 (0)1204 532544
Fax: +44 (0)1204 522285
Address: 61-65 Lever Street, Bolton,
Lancashire, BL3 2AB, United Kingdom
Facebook
Twitter
Compact Instruments Limited, 61-65 Lever Street, Bolton, Lancashire BL3 2AB Registered in England & Wales, Registered Number: 04795150Registered Office: 61-65 Lever Street, Bolton, Lancashire, BL3 2AB VAT Registration Number: GB 824 8697 84 © Copyright 2020. All Rights Reserved.