http://constructireland.ie/info/privacy-policy
Privacy policy
Passive House Plus fully respects your right to privacy, and will not collect or publish any personal information about you through this website without your clear permission.
Collection and use of personal information
Passive House Plus does not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from information which you volunteer (for example by e-mailing us, by using our online enquiry form or by purchasing a subscription).
Collection and use of technical information
This website uses temporary "session" cookies which enable a visitor’s web browser to remember which pages on this website have already been visited.
By using this website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to Passive House Plus’s use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
Cookies are files sent by web servers to web browsers, and stored by the web browsers.
The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables a web server to identify and track web browsers.
There are two main kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser, whereas persistent cookies remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach their expiry date.
Cookies on our website
Passive House Plus uses the following cookies on this website, for the following purposes:
Google Analytics
Google Doubleclick
Passive House Plus uses Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store and use this information. Google's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Passive House Plus publishes Google Doubleclick interest-based advertisements on this website. DoubleClick uses cookies to improve advertising. Some common applications are to target advertising based on what’s relevant to a user, to improve reporting on campaign performance, and to avoid showing ads the user has already seen.
Cookies themselves contain no personally identifiable information. Depending on the publisher’s and user’s settings, information associated with cookies used in advertising may be added to the user’s Google Account.
Opting out of ads personalisation
If a user opts out of ads personalisation using Google’s Ads Settings, they will no longer receive personalized advertising from Google.
Refusing cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. Blocking cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of some websites.
Queries about data processed via the website
Any questions relating to data protection should be sent to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Third Party Websites
This privacy policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any website to which this website contains a link. The inclusion of a link on the website does not imply endorsement of the linked website by us.
GDPR
To edit or request deletion of personal data that we do hold on this site, please log in and visit our GDPR page.
The new edition of Passive House Plus is available now.
Subscribers can click here to read the latest issue online - and all back issues. Don't have a subscription? Click here to subscribe.You can get a free copy in the post simply by sending us your building enquiry.
Tweets by @phplusmag
Support Passive House +
If you value the work we do to promote high performance buildings, and a more sustainable built environment, please consider supporting us.
Find out more.