https://consarceng.com/privacy-policy/
×
What is Induction?
About Us
Contact Us
Quality
Applications
Products
Vacuum CAP Furnaces (VCAP)
Vacuum Cap Furnaces
Vacuum Induction Melting Furnaces (VIM)
Small / R&D VIM Furnaces
Master Alloy VIM Furnaces
Electrode VIM Furnaces
Vacuum Precision Investment Casting Furnaces (VPIC)
Vertical Vacuum Precision Investment Casting Furnaces
Horizontal Vacuum Precision Investment Casting Furnaces
Vacuum Deoiling Furnaces (VD)
Vacuum Deoiling Furnaces
ElectroSlag Remelting Furnaces (ESR)
Multiple Electrode ElectroSlag Remelting Furnaces
Large ElectroSlag Remelting Furnaces
ElectroSlag Remelting Furnaces
Electromagnetic Cold Crucible Furnaces (EMCC)
Electromagnetic Cold Crucible
Vacuum Arc Remelting Furnaces (VAR)
Vacuum Arc Remelting Furnaces (VAR)
Reactive VAR Furnaces (RVAR)
Induction Skull Melting Furnaces (ISM)
Two Chamber Vertical Induction Skull Melting Furnace
Two Chamber Horizontal Induction Skull Melting Furnace
Tandem Chamber Induction Skull Melting Furnace
Single Chamber Induction Skull Melting Furnace
Vacuum Heat Treatment (VHT) and Brazing Furnaces
Top Loading Vacuum Heat Treatment Furnaces
Induction Vacuum Heat Treatment Furnaces
Horizontal Vacuum Heat Treatment Furnaces
Clamshell Vacuum Heat Treatment Furnaces
Vacuum Aluminum Brazing Furnaces (VAB)
Vacuum Aluminium Brazing Furnaces
Services
Resources
News
Contact Us
Sales Locations
Events
Search for:
Skip to content
Consarc Engineering Ltd is committed to the safeguarding of your privacy. We recognize that when you choose to provide us information about yourself, you trust Consarc Engineering Ltd to protect that information. Please read further for details of Consarc Engineering Ltd’s Privacy Policy.
Cookie Policy
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
Information Consarc Engineering Ltd Collects about You and How it is Used
When you browse the Consarc Engineering Ltd’s web site, you do so anonymously, unless you have previously registered with us. We do not automatically collect personal information, including your email address. However, we may log your IP address (the Internet address of your computer) to give us an idea of which part of our website you visit and how long you spend there. But we do not link your IP address to any personal information unless you have registered with us. Like many other commercial websites, the Consarc Engineering Ltd website may use standard internet technologies, such as “cookies” and other web tools, to collect information about how you use the site and assist with your navigation of the website.
Information Disclosed by Consarc Engineering Ltd to 3rd Parties
Consarc Engineering Ltd may store and disclose personal information as allowed or required by applicable law, including making disclosures that are necessary or advisable to conform to legal or regulatory requirements. Consarc Engineering Ltd does not sell personal information to anyone. We may share your information with our business partners for marketing purposes.
Do Not Track (DNT) signals
Consarc Engineering Ltd does not track its customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. However we do use Google analytics to monitor visitors to Consarc Engineering Ltd website as well as improve server performance. To learn more about Google Analytics privacy policy please visit: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html.
Governing Law
This policy is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United Kingdom without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. Should there be a conflict between the term of this policy and the terms of any electronic or machine readable privacy policy, the terms of this written policy prevail.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Consarc Engineering Ltd may make changes to this policy from time to time. We recommend you re-visit this page on occasion to review any changes in our Privacy Policy.
Policy Effective Date
This document was last updated and effective October 2016.
Question or Suggestions – How to Contact Consarc Engineering Ltd
If you have any questions or comments concerning this Privacy Policy, please email us at Sales@consarceng.com. You can send written correspondence to: 9 Woodside, Eurocentral, Holytown, North Lanarkshire, ML1 4XL, Scotland
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn More ››I Accept