https://content.kegworks.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 12/31/2019
We Take Your Privacy Seriously
At KegWorks, we do everything that we can to protect your privacy while using our site and the services offered through our site. The following Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) outlines how we collect your personal information when you use the KegWorks website (the “Site”), how your personal information is used, shared and protected, what choices you have relating to your personal information, and how you can contact us. By using services provided by KegWorks, you indicate that you agree to the collection and use of your information as outlined in this Policy.
Please contact our privacy team if you would like to discuss this with us or have any questions, comments or suggestions relating to this Policy.
About Us
Why We Collect Information
What Information We Collect and When
Why and How We Use Your Information
How We Share Personal Information
Cookies & Pixel Tags
Other Web Sites
Children
Protection & Management of your Personal Information
Safe Shopping Guarantee
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Opt Out, Questions, & Personal Information Requests
About Us
This Site is run by Dot Com Holdings of Buffalo, Inc. DBA KegWorks ("KegWorks"). For the purposes of applicable data protection laws, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") (as amended or superseded) KegWorks is the "controller" of the personal information collected through the Site or by phone.
Why We Collect Information
First and foremost, KegWorks collects information to improve the product offerings and site features that we present to you via our site. We also use your information to measure our site's success and performance. Collecting information about what products you are interested in and what site features you use helps us to improve our site for you. For example, aggregate information gives us an idea of the number of visitors we attract, what products they are looking at and how they navigate around our site. Looking at this compiled information allows us to give you a better KegWorks!
What Information We Collect and When
When you interact with our Site or make a purchase we collect personal and technical information about you, your visit and your recent purchases. We also collect personal and technical information when you contact our customer care department by telephone, email, or Live Chat, subscribe to our mailing list, leave a product rating or review, fill in forms on our Site, or create an account.
This personal information may include your:
Personal Identifiers: including name, email address, telephone number and shipping, billing address; IP address; login and account information, including username, password and unique user ID;personal preferences including your wish list as well as marketing preferences.
Customer Records: name, address, telephone number, payment or credit card information (however we never store your debit or credit card number);
Commercial Information: purchase history; product interests, content topic interests;
Internet activity or similar network activity information: Browsing history, search history, information on your interaction with our website or advertisements
Geolocation Data: General location as enabled by cookies & IP addresses
images, photos and videos.
In addition to personal information, we may also collect non-personally identifiable information, such as site pages viewed, browser type, computer information, cookies, clickstream data and other information. Such aggregate information is anonymous and does not identify any individual user.
"Cookies" are small data files that are sent to your browser and are stored on your hard drive, keeping track of your general activity on the Web. When you make subsequent visits to our site your cookie gives us a summary of your preferences and past experiences on the site. This allows us to tailor our product offerings more distinctly to your interests.
"Clickstream data" is a trail of electronic information that is left at each Web site you visit. This information can be collected and stored by a site's server. We may, for example, use clickstream data to tell us the type of computer and browsing software you use, the address of the site from which you linked to our site, how much time you spend on each page of our site, how you navigate throughout the site and how we may tailor our web pages to better meet the your needs.
This website uses Google AdWords remarketing and Doubleclick tracking cookies to advertise on third party websites to previous visitors of our Site. We may advertise to visitors based on their interests. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to our Site. Any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings.
Why and How We Use Your Information
To Provide the Features of the Sites, Apps, and Services You Request
When you use our Site, we will use your personal information to provide the requested product or service. For example, if you make a purchase on our Site or participate in an event or promotion, we will use the contact information you give us to communicate with you about the purchase, event or promotion. If you contact our consumer services, we will use information about you, such as delivery or payment information, or the product you have purchased to help you resolve a problem or question.
To Communicate Information and Solicit Feedback and Reviews about our Products, Services, Events and for Other Promotional Purposes
If you have consented to receive marketing information from us we use your personal information and your preferences to create a profile of your interests and to serve you personalized content on our Site and/or via personalized marketing promotions that we believe may be of interest to you. In some cases, we may automatically enroll you in marketing campaigns based on your product interests or past purchases.
If you make a purchase on our Site we will use the contact information you give us and your purchase history to (i) request a product review and (ii) ask you to answer customers questions about the product(s) you purchased. By providing your review or answer you authorize us to disclose your endorsement or response to other shoppers interested in that product.
You have the option to unsubscribe from our e-mails through a link at the bottom of every e-mail we send to you.
If you want to change the details that you have registered with us, or would like to amend your subscription preferences or unsubscribe altogether, this can be changed by contacting our Customer Services team. Contact details can be found in the “Questions and Personal Information Requests” section below.
To Operate, Improve and Maintain our Business, Products and Services
We use the personal information you provide to us to operate our business. For example, when you make a purchase, we use that information for accounting, audits and other internal functions. We may use personal information about how you use our products and services to enhance your user experience, to help us diagnose technical and service problems, to analyze any feedback that you provide on our services, and to improve our services.
To Protect Our or Others' Rights, Property or Safety
We may also use personal information to prevent, detect, or investigate fraud, abuse, illegal use, violations of our Terms of Use, and to comply with court orders, governmental requests or applicable law.
For General Research and Analysis Purposes
We use data about how our visitors use our Site and services to understand customer behavior or preferences. For example, we may use information about how visitors to our Site search for and find products to better understand the best ways to organize and present product offerings in our storefront.
How We Share Personal Information
KegWorks does not sell, trade or rent personal information to other companies. We may share your personal information with our consultants, third party auditors and other third parties who make our site available, enhance its functionality or provide associated services. This may include those who process your orders, fulfill deliveries, customer support, provide you with services or supply your sweepstake gifts and prizes, fraud detection, IT systems support, and internal audits. These third parties are not allowed to use personal information except for the purposes of providing the applicable services.
If you make a purchase, we will share your information with TurnTo, a third party feedback site who will capture your feedback on transactions which we use to enhance our customer service.
If you make an enquiry to the customer services team via email, phone or Livechat, the details of your enquiry will be securely stored against your customer record in the Olark and Freshdesk helpdesk system. This allows us to accurately respond to your query in a timely manner, and keep a record of responses that have been given.
In addition, we may provide information to law enforcement authorities or pursuant to a court order or to investigate suspected fraud. Our site and services are maintained in the United States of America. By using the site and/or services, you authorize the export of personal information to the USA and its storage and use as specified in this policy
Social Sharing
If you 'share' KegWorks content on social networks through the links on our product pages or blog posts, you may be sent cookies from these websites. We don't control these cookies, so for more information on them please see the third-party websites such as Facebook or Twitter.
Cookies & Pixel Tags
KegWorks collects information, which may include personal data, from your browser when you use our Sites. We use a variety of methods, such as cookies and pixel tags to collect this information, which may include your (i) IP-address; (ii) unique cookie identifier and cookie information; (iii) unique device identifier and device type; (iv) domain, browser type and language, (v) operating system and system settings; (vi) country and time zone; (vii) previously visited websites; (viii) information about your interaction with our Sites such as click behavior, purchases and indicated preferences; and (ix) access times and referring URLs.
Third parties may also collect information via Sites through cookies, third party plug-ins and widgets. These third parties collect data directly from your web browser and the processing of this data is subject to their own privacy policies.
We use cookies and pixel tags to track usage of the Sites and to understand our customers’ preferences (such as country and language choices). This enables us to provide services to our customers and improve their online experience. We also use cookies and pixel tags to obtain aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction, to identify trends and obtain statistics so that we can improve our Sites. There are generally three categories of cookies used on our Sites:
Functional: These cookies are required for basic site functionality and are therefore always enabled. These include cookies that allow you to be remembered as you explore our Sites within a single session or, if you request, from session to session. They help make the shopping cart and checkout process possible as well as assist in security issues and conforming to regulations.
Performance: These cookies allow us to improve our Sites’ functionality by tracking usage. In some cases, these cookies improve the speed with which we can process your request and allow us to remember site preferences you have selected. Refusing these cookies may result in poorly-tailored recommendations and slow site performance.
Social media and Advertising: Social media cookies offer the possibility to connect you to your social networks and share content from our Sites through social media. Advertising cookies (of third parties) collect information to help better tailor advertising to your interests, both within and beyond our Sites. In some cases, these cookies involve the processing of your personal data. Refusing these cookies may result in seeing advertising that is not as relevant to you or you not being able to link effectively with Facebook, Twitter, or other social networks and/or not allowing you to share content on social media.
Your browser can help you manage cookies. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings on each browser and device that you use. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you may not have access to many features that make our Site more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. There are also general resources for opting out of interest based advertising available on the websites of the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance.
Other Web Sites
Our Site may offer links to other websites. Other websites have their own policies regarding privacy. If you visit one of these websites, you may want to review the privacy policy on that website. In addition, you may have linked to our Site through another website. For example, in certain cases you may have linked to our Site through banner advertising, links on another website, or through a search engine. In such cases the website you linked from may collect information from people who click on the banner or link. You may want to refer to the privacy policies on those websites to see how they collect and use this information.
Children
We recognize the particular importance of protecting privacy where children are involved. We are committed to protecting children's privacy on the Internet and we comply fully with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a child has provided our website with personally identifiable information, we ask that a parent or guardian call 877.636.3673 and we will use all reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.
Protection & Management of your Personal Information
Encryption & Security: Our web site uses Transport Layer Security (TSL) v1.2 to encrypt your personal information, including your credit card number, as it travels from your computer to our server and from our server to our payment processor. TSL v 1.2 technology is the industry standard for secure online transactions. Our payment system incorporates a ‘payment bridge’ which is a separate server from the actual KegWorks web site you see. Communication between our webserver, the payment bridge and our payment processor uses 256 bit encryption and your credit card number is not saved in our system.
Internally, KegWorks stores all data using industry standard security devices, such as firewalls and encryption protocols, to prevent against unauthorized access to our data. We have put in place reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. We have put in place policies to restrict access to your information by our employees.
Despite our efforts, no website, mobile application, database or system is completely secure or “hacker proof.” You can help keep your data safe by taking reasonable steps to protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse.
Retention of your personal information: We retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes described in this policy, unless otherwise required by law For example, we keep your account profile information for as long as you keep your KegWorks account, but, we may keep your order history longer to comply with legal obligations.
Managing your personal information: You may have the right to request: (i) access to your personal information; (ii) an electronic copy of your personal information (portability); (iii) correction of your personal information if it is incomplete or inaccurate; or (iii) deletion or restriction of your personal information in certain circumstances provided by applicable law. Where we have obtained your consent for the processing of your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. If you have a request regarding your personal information that cannot be fulfilled from your account settings, please contact us. Contact details can be found in the “Questions and Personal Information Requests” section below.
Managing your notifications: You can opt-out of receiving KegWorks marketing communications by following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions in the message or by contacting us. Contact details are in the “Questions and Personal Information Requests” section below.
California resident rights under the CCPA
If you are a California resident, you have the rights set forth in this section under the CCPA. Please see the “Exercising Your Rights” section below for instructions regarding how to exercise these rights. If there are any conflicts between this section and any other provision of this Privacy Policy and you are a California resident, the portion that is more protective of Personal Data shall control to the extent of such conflict. If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following rights apply to you, please contact us at privacy@kegworks.com.
Access
You have the right to request certain information about our collection and use of your Personal Data over the past 12 months. Upon any such request, we will provide you with the following information:
The categories of Personal Data that we have collected about you
The sources from which that Personal Data was collected
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your Personal Data
The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your Personal Data
The specific pieces of Personal Data that we have collected about you
If we have disclosed your Personal Data to any third parties for a business purpose over the past 12 months, we will identify the categories of Personal Data shared with each category of third party recipient.
Deletion
You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Data that we have collected about you. Under the CCPA, this right is subject to certain exceptions: for example, we may need to retain your Personal Data to provide you with the Services or complete a transaction or other action that you have requested. If your deletion request is subject to one of these exceptions, we may deny your deletion request.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise the rights described above, you must send us a request that (1) provides sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data and (2) describes your request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a “Valid Request.” We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify your identity and complete your request. You do not need an Account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 45 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request using the following methods:
Emailing us at privacy@kegworks.com
Calling us at 877-636-3673
You may also authorize an agent (an “Authorized Agent”) to exercise your rights on your behalf. To do this, you must provide your Authorized Agent with written permission to exercise your rights on your behalf, and we may request a copy of this written permission from your Authorized Agent when they make a request to exercise your rights on your behalf.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
Safe Shopping Guarantee
Our security measures are designed to prevent anyone from stealing and using your credit card number. In addition, consumer protection laws protect you against the unauthorized use of your credit card. Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, if your credit card is used without your authorization, your liability for those fraudulent charges cannot exceed $50. So, if someone steals your credit card or your credit card number, your liability is limited to $50 no matter how much the thief charges to your account. In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Applicable law and our practices change over time and our Policy is subject to change. If we decide to update our privacy policy, we will post the changes on our Site. If we materially change the way in which we process your personal information, we will provide you with prior notice, or where legally required, request your consent prior to implementing such changes. We encourage you to visit this page frequently to review our practices.
Opt Out, Questions and Personal Information Requests
If you wish to opt out, provide feedback or if you have questions or concerns, or wish to exercise your rights related to your personal information, please contact us at:
KegWorks1460 Military RoadRear BuildingBuffalo, NY 14217
You may also email us at privacy@kegworks.com or call 877.636.3673.
Same Day Shipping
Order before 2:00 pm EST
Hassle-Free Returns
No Restocking Fees
Secure Shopping
Through SSL Protection
Expert Support
Call 877.636.3673