https://cooktek.com/terms-and-conditions
Terms and Conditions | CookTek
Products
Support Down arrow
Documents
Troubleshooting
Advanced Replacement Warranty
Induction Technology
Forms and Applications
How to Buy
About CookTek Down arrow
Contact Us
Events
Order Tracking
Toggle navigation
Menu
Search...
Products
Support Down arrow
Documents
Troubleshooting
Advanced Replacement Warranty
Induction Technology
Forms and Applications
How to Buy
About CookTek Down arrow
Contact Us
Events
Order Tracking
Induction Cooking
FaHeater
One-burner Cooktops
Plancha
Ranges
Stock Pot
Two-burner Cooktops
Induction Warming & Holding
Incogneeto
Silenzio
SinAqua
SinAqua Souper (Drop-in)
SinAqua Souper (Freestanding)
Induction Delivery
Pizza Delivery System
Pizza Delivery System – Test
ThermaCube
Cookware & Accessories
Download the Order Form
Download the Price List
View All Cookware & Accessories
Terms and Conditions
The Middleby Corporation and its worldwide subsidiaries (collectively, “Middleby”) respect your privacy. This policy describes how Middleby collects and uses personal information submitted to us via the internet or during the normal course of business.
What is personal information?
Personal information is any information that relates to an individual and identifies or can be used to identify an individual. Examples include an individual’s name, address, email address, telephone number, Social Security number, or other unique identifier. Sensitive personal information includes, but is not limited to, an individual’s gender, race, disabilities, or veteran status.
When is personal information collected?
Personal information may be collected during the application and employment processes. If you provide personal information (e.g., a resume or job application), this information will only be used for employment-related purposes.
Personal information may also be collected when you contact us directly, through the web, or through email. Personal information, such as your name and email address, will be collected if you sign up to receive any of our newsletters. Personal information will also be collected if you create a user profile on any of the Middleby sites.
Finally, personal information may be collected if you access a Middleby website. For example, information collected can include your IP address, the areas you visit, the technology that you are using, and the Internet Service Provider used. You can use the options in your internet browser to limit or prevent the transmission of this data.
When will your personal information be shared?
Except as described within this policy, we will not share personal information with a third party unless you consent to the disclosure or disclosure is required or authorized by law. Your consent to use the information for the purpose for which it was provided will be inferred.
Within the Middleby companies, information is shared about current, past, or potential customers, including transfers of this information between countries. This information may be used to market Middleby products to you. We do not sell or lease personal information to third parties.
We may also provide customer contact information to third parties so that we can respond to your questions, requests, or orders. For example, contact information will be provided to service agents for repair work or freight carriers for order fulfillment.
We may share personal information with service providers, consultants, or affiliates for our internal business purposes. We may also disclose your personal data as part of the purchase or sale of any business or assets.
Personal data collected for employment purposes will only be used for that purpose and will not be disclosed outside Middleby except to those third parties that assist in the processing of payroll or other company benefits or to respond to inquiries from third parties where authorization from the employee has been obtained.
Our websites do contain links to other websites operated by third parties. We cannot control these third party websites, which may collect personal information from you. Any personal information provided to these third parties is not covered by this policy and we encourage you to review the privacy policies of these sites before using them.
Storage, retention, and accuracy of personal information
Middleby takes all reasonable steps to prevent the unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information; however, transmission of information over the internet is not completely secure. You should consider this risk before transmitting any information to us over the web. Once we have received your data, we do take procedures to try to prevent unauthorized access.
We will retain your personal information only as long as required to fulfill the purpose for which it was provided or to comply with applicable laws. We also take commercially reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and, where necessary, kept up-to-date.
Use of our websites by children
Our websites are not intended for use by children under the age of 13. We do not encourage nor solicit information from or about children. If parents believe that their minor children have provided Middleby with personal information, please contact the Privacy Officer to have the information deleted.
Complaint and contact information
You may contact the Privacy Officer to access, correct, or delete your personal information. You may also contact the Privacy Officer if you wish to request that we not use your information for marketing purposes (“opt out”).
The Privacy Officer can be contacted via email at privacyofficer@middleby.com or via mail at The Middleby Corporation, Attention Privacy Officer, 1400 Toastmaster Drive, Elgin, IL, 60120, USA.
Changes to the policy
This policy is current as of the effective date set forth above. Middleby reserves the right to change this policy from time to time consistent with the privacy laws and principles.
Announcements
eCommerce Site »
Quickly purchase cookware and accessories from our eCommerce site. Email parts@turbochef.com to see if you are eligible for access.
Quick Links
Price List
Troubleshooting
Products
Induction Technology
Warranty
Order Tracking
Contact Us
Global Headquarters
2801 Trade Center Drive
Carrollton, TX 75007
Phone: (214) 379-6000 or (800) 908-8726
© Copyright 2020 CookTek | Terms and Conditions | Sitemap
Schedule a Demo
X