http://cordwheel.com/privacy-policy/
We recognise the importance of privacy protection. Our policy for dealing with any personal information that you might disclose to us while visiting this website is explained below.
The type of personal information that we collect from you will depend on how you use our website. You can be certain that the information we receive about you will be treated as strictly confidential.
The personal information that we collect on you when you use our public site
We do not collect or use any personal information on visitors to our website, through the use of “cookies” or other software or hardware techniques.
We look at the number of hits the site receives and keep track of the domains from which this site is accessed.
To determine what our users are interested in, we may also look at the top 20 search words used in connecting you to this site.
The names of persons who request information from or about Ruslyn Holdings Pty Ltd and Ruslyn Cordwheel® by emailing us, are added to our database automatically.
The personal information Ruslyn Holdings Pty Ltd collects when you log onto this site, how we do it and what we do with it
If you log onto the website and read or download information our Internet Service Provider/Hosting Provider, will record your server address, domain name, the date and time of your visit to our site, the pages viewed and the information downloaded. This information is used for statistical and website development purposes only.
The information collected will be used to send you e-mails when content relevant to your areas of interest are added to the site. The information may also be used to inform you of any forthcoming event that might be of interest to you.
The circumstances under which we disclose information about you
It is our policy not to sell or pass on any personal information that you may have provided to us unless we have your express consent to do so. An exception to this is where Ruslyn Holdings Pty Ltd may be required by law to disclose certain information.
How we handle emails
We will preserve the contents of any e-mail message that you send us if we believe that we have a legal requirement to do so. Emails sent to or from Ruslyn Holdings Pty Ltd are routinely monitored for quality control, systems administration and legal compliance purposes.
What to do if you believe the information we hold about you is inaccurate
If you believe that any information that we hold about you is inaccurate or out of date, please contact us and we will review and update the relevant information.
If you wish to discuss this policy
Please contact us and we will be happy to answer your questions.
DISCLAIMER
The information provided on this website is for use of a general nature only and is not intended to be relied upon as, nor to be a substitute for, specific professional advice. No responsibility for loss occasioned to any persons acting on or refraining from action as a result of any material in this publication can be accepted.
Follow us
WebsiteOnDemand - Web Design,SydneyWebs - Business Web Hosting