https://corehandf.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Core Health & Fitness, LLC, takes the protection and proper use of your personal information seriously. We respect your privacy and take care to safeguard information in our possession. Our website is designed so that you can find information about our products and services without giving us any information about yourself. When we do need your personal information to provide services that you request or when you choose to provide us with your personal information, this policy describes how we collect and use your personal information.
INFORMATION COLLECTION
Personal information relates to any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, email address, a home, physical address, date of birth, gender, occupation, industry, personal interests, and other information when needed to provide a service you requested.
When you browse our website, you do so anonymously. We don’t automatically collect personal information, including your email address. We do log your IP address (the Internet address of your computer) to give us an idea of which part of our website you visit and how long you spend there. But we do not link your IP address to any personal information. Like many other commercial websites, the Site may use a standard technology called a “cookie” and other HTML tools to collect information about how you use the Site. Please see additional information below regarding the use of cookies.
We collect personal information when you register with the Site for an account, when you use certain products or services, when you register to attend a training or participate in an online survey, when you ask to be included in an e-mail or other mailing list, or you submit an entry for a sweepstakes or other promotions, or when you submit your personal information for any other reason.
NOTICE
We will always give you the opportunity to “opt out” of receiving direct marketing or market research information. This means we assume you have given us your consent to collect and use your information in accordance with this Policy unless you take affirmative action to indicate that you do not consent, for instance by clicking or checking the appropriate option or box at the point of collection. In some cases, when applicable, we will provide you with the opportunity to “opt in.” This means we will require your affirmative action to indicate your consent before we use your information for purposes other than the purpose for which it was submitted.
COOKIES AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGY
A cookie is a small data file that certain websites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the Site uses to track the pages you’ve visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other Sites. Some parts of our website use cookies to track user traffic patterns. We do this in order to determine the usefulness of our Site information to our users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information.
If you prefer not to receive cookies while browsing our Site, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser, although you may not be able to utilize all of the features of the Site if you do so. In particular, you may be required to accept cookies in order to complete certain transactions.
PRIVACY SHIELD COMPLIANCE
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Core Health & Fitness, LLC commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal, Human Resources (HR) and/or non-HR personal data. European Union (EU) individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Core Health & Fitness, LLC at GDPR@corehandf.com.
Core Health & Fitness, LLC has further committed to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPA’s) regarding unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning HR and/or non-HR data transferred from the EU.
CONCERNING CORE HEALTH & FITNESS’ USE OF HR DATA
Core Health & Fitness, LLC (Core), complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework for HR personal data as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States for Core’s HR operations. Core has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles for HR personal data. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
With respect to HR personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield, Core is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
In certain circumstances, employees who have submitted personal data to Core for HR purposes may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution methods have been exhausted, as described in Annex 1 to the Privacy Shield.
As described in the Privacy Shield Principles, Core remains responsible for any of your personal information received for HR operations under the Privacy Shield and transferred to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Core provides personal information to ADP for all full-time and part-time employees for the purpose of HR data reporting in order to make decision regarding the operation of the business.
In many circumstances, Core conducts business through a network of distributors in locations around the world.  In cases where customers and/or potential customers have provided Core with personal, non-HR related contact information (including, but not limited to, name, address, email and telephone) via email, telephone or internet form content, Core may, at its discretion, forward that information along to the distributor responsible for the identified geography.
Core commits to cooperate with EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and comply with the advice given by such authorities with regard to HR and/or non-HR data transferred from the EU in the context of the employment relationship.
Individuals have the right to access their personal information and be able to correct, amend, or delete that information where it is inaccurate, or has been processed in violation of the Principles of Privacy Shield, except where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual’s privacy in the case in question, or where the rights of persons other than the individual would be violated.  Additionally, individuals have the opportunity to choose (opt out) whether their personal information is (i) to be disclosed to a third party or (ii) to be used for a purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individuals.  Individuals may communicate with Core HR to exercise this choice. Finally, Core will disclose personal HR and/or non-HR information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
For additional information regarding Core practices and policies concerning HR personal data, please contact the Human Resources department by sending an email to hr@corehandf.com