https://corehandf.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
RULES AND REGULATION
The following terms apply to all visitors to or users of the Core Health & Fitness (“Core”) website, www.corehandf.com (“Site”). By accessing this Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to these terms and conditions. Core reserves the right to change these rules and regulations from time to time at its sole discretion and will provide notice of material changes on the home page of the Site. Your continued use of the Site, or any Materials or Services accessible through it, after such notice has been posted constitutes your acceptance of the changes.
The contents provided on this Site are protected by law, including, but not limited to, United States Copyright Law and international treaties. This Site is controlled and operated by Core from its offices within the United States. Core makes no representation that materials in this Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations and/or access to them from territories where their contents are illegal or prohibited by law.
USE OF INFORMATION
All contents on this Site are protected by copyright. Except as specifically noted, no portion of the contents on this Site may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, distributed or displayed without the express written consent of Core. Contents may not be used for derivative works without the express written consent of Core.
Permission to use contents posted on the Site is provided, so long as (1) it is solely for your personal, non-commercial use; (2) the Core copyright notice appears in all copies and; (3) contents are not modified in whole or in part. You may not, without Core’s written permission, “mirror” any material contained on this Site on any other server. Any unauthorized use of any material contained on this Site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
TRANSLATED CONTENT
Certain text in this Site may be published in languages other than English. Text may be translated by a person or solely by computer software with no human intervention or review. These translations are provided as a convenience to you, and Core makes no representations or commitments regarding the accuracy or completeness of the translation, whether or not it was computer-generated or performed by a person.
USE OF SOFTWARE
The software and accompanying documentation that is made available to download from this Site is the copyrighted and/or patented work of Core and/or its suppliers. Use of the software is governed by the terms of the license agreement that accompanies or is included with such software. Downloading or installing any software that is provided on the Site constitutes your acceptance of these terms. Absent a license agreement that accompanies the software, these terms and conditions will govern use of the software. You agree that you will not decompile, reverse engineer, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the software available on the Site.
TRADEMARKS
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (“Marks”) displayed on this Site are the property of Core or other third parties. Use or reuse of these Marks is not permitted without the prior written consent of Core or such third party that owns the Mark.
WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMERS
Core has attempted to provide accurate information on this website, however, Core assumes no responsibility for the accuracy or reliability of the information. Core may change the products, programs, and services mentioned at any time or for any reason without notice. Mention of non-Core products, programs, or services is for information purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation of the product or service.
Visitors and users of this Site may access the Site internationally. The Site may contain references or cross-references to Core products, programs, and services that are not announced or available in your country. Such reference does not imply that Core intends to announce or make available such products, programs, or services in your country.
Core provides this Site, all materials, information (text, graphics, links), products, software, programs, and services on an “as is”, “with all faults” basis without warranties or guarantees of any kind unless otherwise specified. Without limitation, Core makes no warranty or guarantee that the Site will be uninterrupted, timely, or without error. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Core and its suppliers disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, freedom from computer virus, and warranties arising from course of dealing or course of performance. Core does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the Site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this Site or the server that makes the Site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Core does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this Site in terms of their completeness, correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise.
In no event shall Core be liable for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental, exemplary or consequential, damages, or any damages whatsoever, even if Core has been previously advised of the possibility of such damages, whether in an action under contract, negligence, or any other theory, arising out of or in connection with the use, inability to use, or performance of the information, services, products, and materials available from this site. These limitations shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitations may not apply to you.
USE OF COOKIES ON THE SITE
Core uses “cookie” technology. When you first connect to our Site, the cookie identifies your browser with a unique, random number. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you visit. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie cannot read data off of your hard disk. Cookies help us understand which parts of our Site are the most popular by watching traffic patterns. We do this to better understand the usefulness of the information we present to our visitors and users and to monitor our navigational structure. Core does not correlate any site traffic information obtained from cookies with any personally provided information about individual users, nor does Core share this information or sell it to any third party.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can disable this feature or set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You do not need to have cookies enabled in your browser to access any area of the Site except where specifically indicated.
For more information about data privacy and protection, go to the Core Health & Fitness Privacy Policy.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE AGREEMENT
AGREEMENT:
The credit application, product quotation, purchase orders, shipping documents and these terms and conditions of sale constitutes a continuing sale Agreement between Core Health & Fitness, LLC, a Nevada Limited Liability Company (hereafter referred to as “Core”) and Buyer, as set forth at the end of this product quotation Agreement, for the purchase of any product and services to be provided by Core to Buyer. Core sales representatives do not have the authority to change or modify the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
PURCHASE ORDER:
Buyer may provide Buyer’s standard form of purchase order to place orders for product and service, but any terms and conditions on such standard form which are in addition to or inconsistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement will be deemed stricken from such order. If Buyer does not deliver written objection to the terms hereof which are different than those appearing on the Buyer’s purchase order, Buyer agrees to all of Core’s terms and conditions. All purchase orders shall be made or confirmed in writing and are subject to acceptance by Core. The Buyer shall be responsible for all costs and fees incurred by Core for refused shipments, including freight and insurance costs. Orders cancelled less than thirty (30) days from originally scheduled shipment date will be subject to a cancellation fee of 25% of the value of the purchase order.
PRICES:
The prices to be paid by Buyer for all products and services purchased hereunder shall be Core’s standard prices in effect on the date of Core’s receipt of Buyer’s purchase order, less any applicable deductions which may be in effect from time to time. Core reserves the right to change its standard prices and to publish a new price list from time to time and at any time, without prior notice to Buyer. Should any new price result in an increase in the price of any product or services, the increased price shall apply to any Buyer order placed after the effective date of the new price. For orders that are placed for delivery more than ninety (90) days into the future, Core reserves the right to review and adjust the agreed upon pricing within thirty (30) days of fulfilling the purchase order. In this case, the Buyer has the option of canceling the order with no penalties, if the cancellation is in writing and within ten (10) days of the notification of the price increase. Buyer is solely responsible for any prices it charges to its customer. Nothing in this Agreement shall in any way restrict Buyer’s freedom to sell products at prices determined in accordance with its own judgment. Buyer shall be responsible for all sales, use, or other taxes (other than taxes on Core’s income or ownership of property), applicable to Buyer’s purchase of products and/or services. Buyer shall pay such taxes when invoiced by Core or shall supply appropriate tax exemption or resale certificates. Buyer is also responsible for any domestic or foreign forwarding agent or brokerage fees, duties, or other fees and any export licenses which may be necessary to export the products. Seller reserves the right to correct any clerical or mathematical errors at any time.
CUSTOM PRODUCT:
Core requires a non-refundable 50% down payment for all custom products. A purchase order for custom product contractually obligates the Buyer to take delivery. Custom orders are non-cancelable and may not be rescheduled without the prior approval of a corporate officer of Core, which may be withheld at the sole and absolute discretion of Core. All custom orders have an up charge to be determined by Core. All build to order strength orders cancelled less than thirty (30) days from the original scheduled delivery date will be subject to a 25% cancellation fee.
SHIPMENTS:
F.O.B. shipping point shall be Core warehouse unless otherwise specified. Risk of loss with respect to Core products shall pass to Buyer at the time of delivery of the products to the carrier for shipment. The Buyer assumes all risk involved in the transportation and handling of the equipment or goods once it has left the Core warehouse, including, but not limited to, damage during shipment. The Buyer is advised that inspection should be made of any equipment or goods before accepting delivery. Acceptance of delivery constitutes acceptance of goods. The Buyer must file its own claim for any type of damages directly with the carrier in the event of any loss or damage during transportation, and must make payment for any equipment of goods purchased from Core regardless of any dispute the Buyer may have with any carrier or agents. Core will attempt in good faith to ship on or before any scheduled shipment date. Buyer acknowledges that Core may, from time to time, be subject to manufacturer production or shipping delays. In such event, Buyer agrees that Core may, in its sole discretion, allocate distribution of Core’s products among its customers, notwithstanding the effect such allocation may have on Buyer’s outstanding orders, and Core will not be liable for any damages, however described or arising, for a good faith failure to fill any order or for delay in meeting a scheduled shipment date. Core may provide reasonable notice to Buyer regarding any material delay in shipment. Core may make partial shipments of Buyer’s orders. Such partial shipments shall be separately invoiced and paid for when due, without regard to subsequent shipments. Delay in shipment or delivery of any particular installment shall not alone relieve Buyer of its obligation to accept subsequent installments. Core may provide reasonable notice to Buyer in the event of material delays in connection with partial shipment of an order. Core will use its best efforts to deliver as specified, but in no event will Core be liable for any damage, consequential or otherwise, arising from any failure of Core to meet any delivery date.
RETURNS:
Any Custom Products and/or Customer modified Standard Products ordered from Core are non-cancelable and/or non-returnable. Credit may be issued only on those items that are stock items of standard manufacture and in new, salable condition in the original packaging in unused condition, when return is authorized in advance by Core. Any such return shall be at the expense and risk of the Buyer and subject to a 25% restocking charge of the original purchase price.
WARRANTY:
EACH NEW CORE PRODUCT WILL CARRY ITS OWN LIMITED WARRANTY AS SET FORTH ON THE OFFICIAL CORE WEBSITE. SUCH WARRANTY WILL BE BUYERS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY BREACH OF WARRANTY AND IS IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES BY CORE, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ALL PREVIOUSLY USED AND REFURBISHED PRODUCTS AND PRODUCTS USED AS DEMONSTRATION MODELS ARE SOLD “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY UNLESS A WRITTEN WARRANTY IS PROVIDED AT THE TIME OF THE SALE OF “AS IS” EQUIPMENT. OTHERWISE ALL USED, REFURBISHED AND OR DEMONSTRATION EQUIPMENT SOLD IS SUBJECT TO THE FOLLOWING DISCLAIMER: ALL GOODS ARE SOLD “AS IS”, “WHERE AT”, AND “WITH ALL FAULTS”. CORE MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR ANY OTHER MATTER WITH RESPECT TO THE GOODS. IN NO EVENT SHALL CORE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE LOSS OR DAMAGE WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, STATUTE OR OTHERWISE. PURCHASER ASSUMES ANY AND ALL RESPONSIBILITY AND LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THE HANDLING, USE, OPERATION, AND/OR RESELL OF THE GOODS.
INSTALLATION:
The buyer may choose to contract with Core to install the purchased product. At the time the order is placed, the buyer will provide Core with an installation date. Core will make reasonable commercial efforts to install the product on or before the installation date. Product held more than 10 days after the installation date at the Buyer’s request will be subject to a 15% restocking fee.
Product held more than 30 days past the installation date at the buyer’s request will be subject to a 15% restocking fee as well as a reasonable storage fee. With the exception of Grand Openings, partial installations require the installed product to be paid per the terms of the invoice. If the Buyer chooses to not contract Core to deliver and/or install the purchased product, the standard warranty will be modified as follows: (1) Damage to the purchased product incurred during delivery or caused due to poor or improper installation will not be covered; (2) the portion of the standard warranty not modified will begin to run from the date the product was purchased and not from the date the product was installed; (3) the customer will be responsible to pay the full cost of any repair occasioned by improper delivery or improper installation as determined solely by Core; (4) Customer will indemnify and hold Core harmless from any and all causes of action, suits or claims for damages relating to or arising from a claim of injury by a user of the purchased product in which a contributing cause of the accident resulting in injury is due to improper delivery and/or improper installation of the purchased equipment including failure to bolt or secure all strength equipment to the floor.
PROPER USAGE:
It is imperative that equipment is used properly to avoid injury. Buyer agrees that the equipment will not be used in any way other than as designed or intended by the manufacture, specifically including, but not limited to the following: 1) Keep hands and feet clear of moving parts at all times. 2) Read all machine instructional placards and warnings and direct any questions to a qualified fitness professional prior to use. 3) All strength equipment MUST be secured (bolted and tightened) to a solid, level surface to ensure stabilization and eliminate rocking and tipping.
This work must be performed by a licensed contractor and meet Core’s installation instruction requirements. As it pertains to treadmills, Buyer agrees that it is aware of electrical requirements relating to dedicated circuit and plug in configurations; additional information can be found in the owner’s manual.
PAYMENT:
Payment is per the terms in the Additional Terms and Conditions section of this quote. Upon order acceptance, alternate payment terms may be established per Buyer’s request subject to Core’s normal credit approval process. Products are invoiced at date of shipment from Core warehouse. Buyer agrees to submit to Core such financial information as may from time to time be reasonably requested by Core for the establishment and continuation of credit terms. All invoices not paid when due shall bear interest at 1.5% per month or the highest rate allowed by law until paid in full. Core reserves the right to exercise any of its lawful remedies if Buyer does not make payment when due. Without limiting the provisions of the immediately preceding sentence, Buyer’s failure to pay any invoice for the products and/or services when due shall entitle Core to delay shipment of orders placed by Buyer and, at Core’s option, to cancel any pending orders placed by Buyer. Core shall have the right to offset and deduct from any amounts due Buyer all sums owning from Buyer to Core. To secure the payment and performance of all obligations due and owed by Buyer to Core hereunder, Buyer hereby grants Core a Uniform Commercial Code purchase money security interest in products purchased from Core hereunder and the proceeds there from.
This Agreement constitutes a security agreement between Buyer, as debtor, and Core, as secured party, under the Uniform Commercial Code, and Core has the rights and remedies of a secured party hereunder. Buyer hereby appoints Core as its attorney in fact to execute such financing statements as may be required, from time to time, to perfect the security interest granted herein. Core may, upon default from Buyer, require Buyer to assemble the products and to make them legally available to Core for repossession, including reasonable access to the facilities of Buyer, and Core shall be entitled to all reasonable expenses of repossession, including reasonable attorney’s fees incurred in connection therewith. There will be a $25.00 service charge for each returned check.
TERMINATION:
Buyer may not terminate this Agreement except by giving Core thirty (30) days prior written notice. Upon termination, Buyer will be obligated to pay Core immediately any and all outstanding balances as of the date of termination.
MISCELLANEOUS:
Force Majeure: Delivery dates as set forth in any sales order or any confirmation thereof shall be determined to be estimates only. Core shall not be liable for delays in performance of any of its obligation under this Agreement if such failure is caused by the occurrence of any contingency beyond its reasonable control, including but not limited to acts of God, strikes and other industrial disturbances, failure of raw material vendors, terrorism, failure of transport, accidents, wars, riots, insurrections, or orders of government agencies. Performance shall be resumed as soon as possible after cessation of such cause.
Waiver: No failure or delay on the part of either party in exercising any right or remedy hereunder will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any a single or partial exercise of any such right or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or of any other right or remedy. No provision of this Agreement may be waived except in a writing signed by the party granting such waiver.
Notice: Except as specified herein, all notices, communications and reports required or permitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing, and the same shall be given and shall be deemed to have been delivered and received on the date served, if personally delivered and three (3) days after mailing, if placed in the United States Mail, postage prepaid, certified mail addressed to the parties at the address set forth below or at such other addresses as may be specified hereafter in writing in accordance with this Section.
Severability: In the event that any one or more of the provisions or parts of any provision, contained in this Agreement shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any aspect by a court of competent jurisdiction, the same shall not invalidate or otherwise affect any other provision hereof, and this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision, or part of any provision, had never be contained herein.
Applicable Law; Personal Jurisdiction; Venue: This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, and all disputes hereunder shall be governed by, the laws of the State of California. All parties to this Agreement agree to submit to personal jurisdiction in the County of Orange, State of California, United States of America. Any dispute that arises under or relates to this Agreement (whether contract, tort or both) shall be resolved in the applicable Federal or state court in the County of Orange, State of California, United States of America.
Section Headings: The section headings contained herein are for convenience only and are not intended to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
No Agency: This Agreement does not constitute Buyer a partner, employee, agent, franchisee of or joint venture with Core nor does this Agreement authorize Buyer to represent or act for Core in any manner. Buyer will have no right or authority to assume or create any obligation of any kind, express or implied, on behalf of Core nor may Buyer bind Core in any way whatsoever. Buyer acknowledges that it has not paid Core any sum of money or any other consideration as a franchise fee or as a condition to signing this Agreement.
Bankruptcy: In the event of any voluntary proceedings in bankruptcy or insolvency by or against Buyer, or in the event of the appointment, with or without Buyer’s consent, of an assignee for the benefit of creditors or a receiver, Core shall be entitled to cancel any unfilled part of Buyer’s purchase without any liability whatsoever.
Entire Agreement: The entire agreement between the parties is set forth herein and supersedes all prior discussions and agreements between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof.
There are no representations, warranties, covenants, agreements or collateral understandings, oral or otherwise, expressed or implied, affecting this Agreement which are not expressly set forth herein. This Agreement shall not be supplemented or modified by any course of dealing or trade usage.
Attorney’s Fees: If any party institutes any action or proceeding, the prevailing party shall be entitled, in addition to such other relief as may be granted, to be reimbursed by the losing party for all costs and expenses incurred thereby, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees (including pre-judgment and post-judgment) and costs.
Copyright Notice
© Core Health & Fitness