https://corporate.bang-olufsen.com/en/legal/cookie-policy
Bang & Olufsen Legal SectionCookie PolicyWe intend to give you as much control as possible over your personal information.Cookie PolicyVersion: 1.5
Published: November 2019This Cookie Policy is provided to you by Bang & Olufsen Group ("Bang & Olufsen" or "we", "us", "our"), consisting of Bang & Olufsen A/S, Bang og Olufsen Allé 1, DK-7600 Struer, Denmark, with business registration number 41257911 and its subsidiaries, as defined in the consolidated Group Annual Report.At Bang & Olufsen Group we intend to give you as much control as possible over your personal information and to us it is important that you feel comfortable in visiting our web sites. There are times however when we may need information from you.If you give us personal information in order to receive information in return from us or our authorized dealers - for instance catalogues or general information regarding Bang & Olufsen - we collect and store that information in a database for marketing purposes. This information enables us to fulfil your information request. If you review or download information, we track the visit. That information is helpful, amongst other things, to provide you with tailored information and to give us information about which part of the site is frequented. The stored information will be used to improve the utility of the site, e.g. to help with quick logins on the user's favorite sites and to differentiate between users and their individual data sets.Our use of cookiesCookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. The table below explains the cookies we use and why.To collect the information in the “Information We Automatically Collect” section above, we and our service providers use Internet server logs, cookies, tags, SDKs, tracking pixels, and other similar tracking technologies. We use these technologies in order to offer you a more tailored experience in the future, by understanding and remembering your particular browsing preferences.A web server log is a file where website activity is stored.An SDK is a set of tools and/or code that we embed in our applications and software to allow third parties to collect information about how users interact with the Services.A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a site, that enables us to: (i) recognize your computer; (ii) store your preferences and settings; (iii) understand the web pages of the Services you have visited; (iv), enhance your user experience by delivering and measuring the effectiveness of content and advertising tailored to your interests; (v) perform searches and analytics; and (vi) assist with security and administrative functions. Some cookies are placed in your browser cache.Tracking pixels (sometimes referred to as web beacons or clear GIFs) are tiny electronic tags with a unique identifier embedded in websites, online ads and/or email that are designed to: (1) collect usage information like ad impressions or clicks and email open rates; (2) measure popularity of the Services and associated advertising; and (3) access user cookies.As we adopt additional technologies, we may also gather information through other methods.Please note that you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information. You can also manage the use of Flash technologies, including flash cookies and local storage objects with the Flash management tools available at Adobe's website. Please note that by blocking, disabling, or managing any or all cookies, you may not have access to certain features or offerings of the Services. For example, to complete a purchase on our websites, you will need to accept cookies sent by our sites.By continuing to use our websites and/or our Services, you are agreeing to our use of cookies as described here.Online analytics and advertisingAnalyticsWe may use third-party web analytics services (such as those of Google Analytics, Hotjar, Visual studio ect.) on our Services to collect and analyze usage information through cookies and similar tools; engage in auditing, research, or reporting; assist with fraud prevention; and provide certain features to you. To prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on by clicking here. We may also use Adobe Analytics to analyze and optimize the performance of our websites, advertising, and content. To learn more about Adobe’s privacy practices and to make choices regarding Adobe’s tracking activities, please click here.If you receive email from us, we may use certain analytics tools, such as clear GIFs to capture data such as when you open our message or click on any links or banners our email contains. This data allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our communications and marketing campaigns.Online AdvertisingThe Services may integrate third-party advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on the Services, as well as on other websites you visit and other applications you use. The ads may be based on various factors such as the content of the page you are visiting, information you enter such as your age and gender, your searches, demographic data, user-generated content, and other information we collect from you. These ads may be based on your current activity or your activity over time and across other websites and online services and may be tailored to your interests.Third parties, whose products or services are accessible or advertised via the Services, may also place cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device to collect information about you as discussed above. We also allow other third parties (e.g., ad networks and ad servers such as Google Analytics, DoubleClick and others) to serve tailored ads to you on the Services, other sites, and in other applications, and to access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Services. We sometimes provide our customer information (such as email addresses) to service providers, who may “match” this information in de-identified form to cookies (or mobile ad identifiers) and other proprietary IDs, in order to provide you with more relevant ads when you visit other websites and mobile applications.Mobile AdvertisingWhen using mobile applications from Bang & Olufsen or other, you may also receive tailored in-application advertisements. We may use third-party service providers to deliver advertisements on mobile applications or for mobile application analytics. Each operating system, iOS for Apple phones, Android for Android devices, and Windows for Microsoft devices provides its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements. We do not control how the applicable platform operator allows you to control receiving personalized in-application advertisements; thus, you should contact the platform provider for further details on opting out of tailored in-application advertisements. You may review the support materials and/or the device settings for the respective operating systems to opt-out of tailored in-app advertisements.How to change my cookies settings?Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set, visit AboutCookies.org or All About Cookies.org.Find out how to manage cookies in the browsers supported by our website:Google ChromeMicrosoft EdgeMozilla FirefoxApple SafariTo opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.We are planning to enhance our cookie tool to allow users to more easily change their cookie settings after their initial choice.Notice on Do Not TrackDo Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our website for third party purposes, and that is why we provide the variety of opt-out mechanisms listed above. However, we do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals.Downloadable documentsWe are offering you to download the current and archived versions of our Cookie Policy as PDF documents.Cookie Policy v1.5 (current version)Cookie Policy v1.01 (archived version)Cookie Policy v1.00 (archived version)We use cookies to improve our site and your experience. By continuing to browse our site you accept our Cookie Policy.