http://corporate.ppg.com/legal
Businesses
AerospaceArchitectural Coatings - Americas and Asia PacificArchitectural Coatings - Europe, Middle East and AfricaAutomotive RefinishAutomotive OEM CoatingsIndustrial CoatingsPackaging CoatingsProtective and Marine CoatingsSpecialty Coatings and Materials
Our Company
Facts about PPGGovernanceThe PPG WayWorldwide Operations PPG TogetherGlobal Code of EthicsCommunity Engagement Company HistoryGovernment AffairsPPG Quality Policy
Investors
Color
Color TrendsGlobal Color Experts
Newsroom
NewsroomPublicationsMedia ContactsFacts about PPGMedia CoverageSocial MediaVideos
Sustainability
Innovation
2019 North American International Auto ShowRecognitionScience and TechnologyScience Education
Careers
Print |
Legal Notices and Privacy Policy
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS: This website is made available in accordance with the terms set out below (“Terms”). By accessing and using this website you are indicating your acceptance to be bound by those Terms. If you do not agree to all of these Terms, you should exit this website now and you may not use or access this website.
COPYRIGHT: This website and all its contents, including but not limited to, text and graphics (collectively, "Content"), are all copyrighted and therefore protected by laws, and the copyrights for this website are owned by PPG Industries, Inc. ("PPG") or the creator of included content and used under license by PPG. You are, however, permitted to view, print and/or distribute Content for which PPG owns the copyright in hard copy from this website provided that (1) you use such Content for your own personal or internal business use and not for any purposes contrary to PPG's commercial interests; (2) you do not copy or use any Content on any network or any other website for any public or commercial purpose; (3) you do not modify or alter any Content; and (4) you include PPG's copyright notice on any such Content, as follows:
Copyright © 2001 – 2018 PPG Industries, Inc.  All rights reserved.  Please contact the appropriate owners for use of any third party materials for which PPG does not own the copyright.
Request for Permissions to Use.  All requests for permission to use any copyrighted material should be directed to ppgnotices@ladas.com.
TRADEMARKS: The PPG Logo is a trademark of PPG Industries Ohio, Inc. and is registered in multiple jurisdictions around the world.   All other trademarks, logos and service marks used on this website are owned by PPG Industries, Inc. (“PPG”) and its affiliates or by other respective owners that have granted PPG the right and license to use such intellectual property.  You may not use any of the trademarks belonging to PPG or its affiliates without obtaining the prior written permission of PPG.  You should contact the respective owners of other trademarks with any questions about use of those marks.
Request for Permission to Use.  All requests for permission to use trademarks should be directed to ppgnotices@ladas.com.
NO LICENSE: Except as expressly provided above, nothing contained on this website shall be construed to confer by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right under any patent, trademark or copyright.
NO WARRANTY: The information, recommendations and representations provided on this website and PPG's server ("Information") is presented free of charge as a convenience to the viewer, subject to these conditions. Your use of this website is at your sole discretion and risk. You expressly absolve and release PPG, its affiliates and licensors from any claim of harm resulting from your use of the website. While PPG makes reasonable efforts to provide Information that is correct and accurate, PPG makes no warranties or representations, express or implied, as to the reliability, accuracy, completeness or any other aspect of the Information contained on this website or PPG's server or that communications to or from the website will be secure and/or not intercepted. Information is supplied only upon the condition that the viewer will make its own determination as to the suitability of the Information for its purposes prior to use. Nothing contained herein is to be construed as a recommendation to use any product, process, equipment or formulation in conflict with any patent. PPG makes no commitment to update or correct any Information that appears on this website, PPG's server, or any website linked hereunder and PPG reserves the right to change or discontinue Information at its discretion. THE INFORMATION IS PRESENTED "AS IS" AND “AS AVAILABLE” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: IN NO EVENT SHALL PPG OR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, UPDATING OR DELIVERING THIS WEBSITE, PPG'S SERVER, ANY LINKS CONTAINED THEREIN, OR THE INFORMATION, BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE) RESULTING FROM THE VIEWER'S ACCESS TO OR USE THEREOF (INCLUDING THE INABILITY TO ACCESS AND USE) OR THE DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIAL CONTAINED OR REFERENCED THEREIN, NOR SHALL SUCH PARTIES BE LIABLE FOR VIEWER'S RELIANCE UPON INFORMATION OR THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES TO WHICH THE INFORMATION REFERS. EVEN IF PPG OR ITS AFFILIATES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, PPG SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY OTHER LOSSES, COSTS, OR EXPENSES OF ANY KIND WHICH MAY ARISE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FROM THE VIEWER'S USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THIS WEBSITE, PPG's SERVER, OR ANY LINKS CONTAINED THEREIN, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANYTHING CAUSED BY: A) COMPUTER VIRUSES; B) SOFTWARE BUGS; C) HUMAN ACTION OR INACTION; D) ANY COMPUTER SYSTEM, PHONE LINE, HARDWARE, SOFTWARE OR PROGRAM MALFUNCTIONS; OR E) ANY OTHER ERRORS, FAILURE OR DELAYS IN COMPUTER TRANSMISSION OR NETWORK CONNECTIONS. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE USING THE WEBSITE AND THE INFORMATION, IF APPLICABLE, AT YOUR OWN RISK AND LIABILITY.
DOMESTIC USE/EXPORT RESTRICTION: This website is operated in the United States and presented for the purpose of promoting PPG and its affiliated companies therein. Use of this website from other locations may not be appropriate, and PPG makes no representations about such usage. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this website may not be used by users subject to the privacy laws and regulation of the European Union. Viewers who access this site from locations outside the United States do so on their own initiative and must bear all responsibility for compliance with local laws, if applicable. Further, the United States Export Control Laws prohibit the export of certain technical data and software to certain territories and countries. No content from this site may be downloaded in violation of United States law.
JURISDICTION AND CHOICE OF LAW: These Terms and all claims related to your access to, or use of, this website and its Content shall be interpreted and reviewed under the laws of the United States and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (without regard to the conflicts of laws rules of that or any other jurisdiction). Any claim arising in connection with these terms or this website must be commenced within one (1) year after such claim arises. Any legal action must be brought only in the state or federal courts located in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, and you agree to submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim.
CHANGES: PPG reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time, without prior notice by updating this posting. Your continued access to or use of this website shall be deemed to be your acceptance of these Terms, as changed. For this reason, we encourage you to review these Terms whenever you visit this website.
TERMINATION: PPG may, in its sole discretion, cancel or terminate your right to use the website at any time, without notice.  In the event of termination, you are no longer authorized to access the website.  The restrictions imposed on you with respect to both Content and the website set out in the Terms shall survive. PPG shall not be liable to any party for such termination.
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy sets out how PPG Industries, Inc. (hereafter “PPG” or “we”) uses and protects any information that you give PPG when you use this website. Any personal data that you provide will be treated as set forth below. This privacy policy applies to the collection and use of information by PPG on this website, but does not apply to information which you may send to us by other means.
At PPG we are committed to protecting the privacy of the users of our website. All data collected is protected against unauthorized access. The information provided through this website will only be used for the purposes mentioned below and in accordance with this privacy statement. In the event that PPG changes its privacy policy, the changes will be posted on this page. The privacy policy was last updated on February 27, 2014.
What information do we collect?
We collect information that you submit to us for example by completing forms on the website, by providing us with your feedback. We may collect the following information: name and job title, contact information including email address, demographic information such as postcode and areas of interests, other information relevant to customer surveys, feedback.
What do we do with the information we collect?
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service. We may use the information to improve our products and services; subject to local laws, we may periodically send promotional emails about new products, new offers and other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address you have provided. We may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may use the information to customize the website to your interests.
Personal information collected in any form will only be retained by PPG for so long as it is required: (a) for the purpose for which it was collected; (b) to be retained by law: (c) to address any issues that may arise at a later date.
As an international company, data we collect may be transferred throughout PPG’s worldwide organization. We will not sell, barter, exchange, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
How we protect the information
PPG protects your information using a range of physical, operational and technological safeguards that prevent unauthorized access to and disclosure of it.  When your personal information is no longer required for these identified purposes, information is destroyed, anonymized or disposed of using secure methods.
Consent
Your provision of personal information to PPG means that you agree and consent that we may collect, use and disclose your information under this privacy policy. If you do not agree with these terms, you are requested not to provide any personal information. Certain services can only be offered if you provide your personal information. If you choose not to provide us with any required information, PPG may not be able to offer you those services.
Cookies
This site may use "cookies," which are small pieces of information that a website stores on a visitor's web browser to remind the site about the visitor the next time they visit the site. PPG does not store confidential or sensitive information in cookies. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you other than the data that you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies.  This may prevent you from taking full advantage of our website. For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.  If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please contact us at info@ppg.com or +1 (412) 434-3131.  We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date.  You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate info@ppg.com or +1 (412) 434-3131.  You have the right to revoke your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information at any time.
Storage
PPG may allow certain authorized third party providers to track and store certain information about visitors to PPG websites and such information may be stored in any outside countries if the third party provider is located outside of North America.  Personal information is always subject to local laws of the jurisdictions within which it is collected, used, disclosed and/or stored, and may be accessed by governmental authorities in those jurisdictions. Further, we do not respond to “Do Not Track” or “DNT” signals or requests.
Other websites
PPG expressly disclaims responsibility for the privacy policies and customer information practices of third party internet sites linked to our website. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read the privacy policies provided on those sites.
Unsolicited Information:  Should any user of the PPG website on this server provide PPG with information, including but not limited to, feedback data, answers, questions, comments, suggestions, plans, ideas or the like, such information shall be deemed to be non-confidential, and PPG assumes no obligation to protect such information from disclosure. The submission of such information to PPG shall in no way prevent the purchase, manufacture or use of similar products, services, plans and/or ideas by PPG for any purpose whatsoever, and PPG shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose or distribute the information to others without restriction.
PPG does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through this website. Please note that any information or material sent to PPG through any link provided on this website will be deemed NOT to be confidential. By sending PPG any such information or material, you irrevocably grant PPG an unrestricted, worldwide license to use, distribute, display, reproduce, perform, modify, and transmit those materials or information, and you also agree that PPG is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send us for any purpose.
LINKS: Although this website provides links to third party sites, PPG is not responsible for the content of any such sites. Links are provided as a convenience to viewers, and they shall not be interpreted as an endorsement, sponsorship, or association of any kind.
LINKING RIGHTS POLICY: Use of Hyperlinks. You may display on your website the hyperlink to this PPG website for purposes of enabling users of your site to link to the website ("Hyperlink"). Although a Hyperlink may be used, it may not be used in place of an appropriate trademark and/or copyright notice for any materials or trademarks properly used under the terms and conditions of this website.  The Hyperlink shall at all times be displayed in its entirety and not in association with any text, graphics, logos, trademarks, or trade names (whether of PPG or another party) or any information which is misleading or otherwise misrepresents the nature of the website with which the Hyperlink will connect or which is in any way derogatory, of negative connotation, or otherwise negatively impacts on the good will of PPG in the Hyperlink or the website. Use of the Hyperlink shall require the user to link directly to the home page of the website via either the same browser window in which your website operates, or via a separate browser window. Under no circumstances shall the website, in whole or in part, be framed, modified in any manner or for any purpose, or otherwise interfered with in its normal operation and appearance. The Hyperlink shall only be displayed as set forth in this paragraph, and shall not be modified in any way, including but not limited to, enabling the Hyperlink to grant access to other than the home page of the website. The only rights granted to the Hyperlink are as set forth in this paragraph. In the event PPG provides you with written notice directing you to remove the Hyperlink from your website, you agree to do so immediately upon your receipt of such notice.
Estado de Información No Financiera PPG Ibérica S.A.U. y Sociedades Dependientes 2019 (Spain)
Estado de Información No Financiera PPG Ibérica S.A.U. y Sociedades Dependientes 2018 (Spain)
Mentions Légales et Politique de Confidentialité - Francais
Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA)
Integrated Accessibility Standards Policy
Multi-year Plan
Customer Service Policy
Loi sur l’accessibilité pour les personnes handicapées de l’Ontario (AODA - Français)
Politique relative aux normes d'accessibilité intégrées
Plan Pluriannuel
Politique relative aux services à la clientèle
PPG Privacy Notice for California
PPGIA Privacy Policy
PPG Privacy Statement for Europe
Security Message
Animal Welfare Policy
TISC for PPG Architectural Coatings UK Limited
TISC for PPG Industries (UK) Limited