http://corporate.perkopolis.com/privacy-policy/?_ga=2.238008064.103238506.1568639042-156744930.1559652466
Privacy Policy
Perkopolis reserves the right to change this privacy policy at any time. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement on the Web Site and other places we deem appropriate, so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which it was collected.
Should you have any concerns regarding privacy on our site or should you have any other concerns please contact us at: customerservice@perkopolis.com, call 416-236-4985 or 1-800-761-7532.
Communication
Perkopolis may communicate directly to employees for confirmation of orders, clarity, status and confirmation of requests.
Offers and Promotions
We may also communicate special offers and promotional information. By submitting an email address to us, you agree that Perkopolis (on behalf of itself or on behalf of others) may send promotional emails to that email address until such time that you so indicate your preference not to receive them.
Please note that if you ask not to receive promotional emails from Perkopolis, you may still receive promotional emails during the next 72 hour period (as it may take some time for your preferences to be updated throughout our computer systems) and you may still receive non-promotional emails from Perkopolis.
Customer Service
We will at times communicate with you in order to determine customer service satisfaction. This will take place through an email or telephone survey.
Information Collection and Use
Perkopolis strongly believes in the protection of your personal privacy and information. We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy online. The following explains our information gathering and dissemination practices for the perkopolis.com Web Site.
We collect only the information that we require and which will enable us to serve you better.
Personal Information Automatically Collected
Like most standard Web Site servers, this Web Site automatically collects certain non-identifiable information regarding Web Site users. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Personal Information You Provide
During your use of this Web Site, you may be asked to voluntarily provide “contact information” (i.e., information that could be used to contact you such as full name, postal address, phone number and email address as well as your computer’s unique IP address (if any), “financial information” (i.e., passwords & credit card numbers) and “demographic information” (e.g., postal code, city, gender, purchase history information and age as well as IP addresses that are not unique to your computer).
Making an Order
We request information from you on our online order forms. You must provide contact information (such as name, company, email, telephone number and shipping address). You may voluntarily provide financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for order confirmation, billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact you.
Registration Information
Registration and/or user sign on information may be shared with member corporations only if required to determine the user eligibility for the service.
Aggregate Information
We may collect and report aggregate tracking information and statistics on the usage of our service. Certain demographic information, including location of user, is included in these reports, no other personally identifiable information around nature of requests and orders is used or disclosed. These reports may be shared with member corporations and venues offered through the service.
Information Disclosure
Apart from the instances listed here, we do not share, sell or rent any personal information with third parties. Where we do share information, the third party entities are provided with only the information needed to perform their specific function and may not use such information for other purposes.
Financial Transactions
When you make a purchase on this Site, your consent is given to provide your financial or contact information to those third parties necessary to process your transactions with us, such as credit card companies.
Third Party Service Vendors
At times, you may make a request that requires a third party vendor to perform the service. We will disclose no information to a third-party service vendor without your prior consent.
Shipping
Occasionally, Perkopolis may use a third party shipping and/or delivery service and will provide only the necessary personal shipping information required to do so.
Exceptional Disclosures
While we make every effort to preserve your privacy, we reserve the right to disclose your information if necessary when required by law or as a matter of legal process.
Registration & Service
In order to access certain areas of this website, you must first complete the registration form. During registration, you will be required to give contact information (such as name, email address, company). This information is captured and remembered in order to simplify and streamline the process for making an order. You will also have to provide and/or create unique identifiers such as a user name and/or password. This information is used to validate that eligible members are accessing these areas on the website.
By submitting an email address to us, you agree that Perkopolis (on behalf of itself or on behalf of others) may send promotional emails to that email address until such time that you so indicate your preference not to receive them. Please note that if you ask not to receive promotional emails from Perkopolis, you may still receive promotional emails during the next 72 hour period (as it may take some time for profile to be updated) and you may still receive non-promotional emails from Perkopolis.
Requesting a Service
When requesting a service via an online form or email, you are asked to describe in detail the nature of the service desired. This information is used for Perkopolis to successfully and efficiently complete the requested task.
© 2017 Perkopolis: Canada's Discount Program
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Français