http://corporate.perkopolis.com/terms-of-use/?_ga=2.204455696.103238506.1568639042-156744930.1559652466
Terms of Use
These terms and conditions together with our privacy policy govern your use of our website; by using our website, you accept these terms and conditions in full. If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use our website.
The term ‘Perkopolis’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 4010-3080 Yonge Street, Toronto, ON M4N 3N1. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
By submitting an email address to us, you agree that Perkopolis (on behalf of itself or on behalf of others) may send promotional emails to that email address until such time that you so indicate your preference not to receive them. All promotional emails sent by Perkopolis contain an ‘unsubscribe’ link. Users may also access their personal information, including email address to make edits in the “My Account” section of the website.
Perkopolis will communicate directly to you for confirmation of orders, clarity, status and confirmation of requests.
We will at times communicate with you in order to determine customer service satisfaction. This will take place through an email or telephone survey.
Our website uses cookies. By using our website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of our privacy policy.
The information, material and content provided in the pages of the website, including pricing information is believed to be reliable when posted, but there is no guarantee that it is accurate, complete or current at all times. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the information may include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors, and we have no obligation to update the information. The information or the website may be changed, withdrawn or terminated at any time without notice.
If the amount you pay for a ticket/reservation/item is incorrect regardless of whether because of an error in a price posted on this website or otherwise communicated to you then: Perkopolis will have the right to cancel that ticket/reservation/item (or the order) and refund to you the amount that you paid. This will apply regardless of whether because of human error or a transactional malfunction of this website.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics.
This website includes links to other vendor websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. We do not review or control, and are not responsible for, any websites linked from or to our website, the content of those websites, the privacy practices of those websites, the third parties named therein, or their products or services. Each vendor maintains its’ own privacy policy that you should be familiar with before you submit your personal information. Our privacy policy is not applicable on any of the vendor sites. Therefore, it is important for a potential buyer to familiarize himself with the privacy policies of each vendor.
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the Province of Ontario.
It is the responsibility of the person making the purchase or reservation to ensure that they have entered the correct e-mail address and/or mailing address. Perkopolis will not accept any responsibility for any messages that have not been read by the client or that have not been received by the client due to incorrect information provided by the person making the purchase.
It is the responsibility of the person making the purchase to inform Perkopolis in a timely manner (prior to the event) if they have not received the purchase. Only you know if your purchase has not been received. Perkopolis will not accept any responsibility for any purchases that have not been received by the client for which Perkopolis has not been informed.
If you do not receive a confirmation number (in the form of a confirmation page or email) after submitting payment information, or if you experience an error message or service interruption after submitting payment information, it is your responsibility to confirm with Perkopolis Customer Service whether or not your order has been placed. Only you may be aware of any problems that may occur during the purchase process. Perkopolis will not be responsible for losses (monetary or otherwise) if you assume that an order was not placed because you failed to receive confirmation.
It is the responsibility of the person making the hotel reservation to ensure they understand the applicable cancellation policy displayed and service fees that may apply. The cancellation policy varies from hotel to hotel and is directly connected with the check-in date, so you must read each one carefully.  Some reservations are non-refundable in all circumstances and cannot be cancelled after booking.  Please read the specific cancellation policy provided for each hotel on the website and in any emails regarding your hotel reservation.  If you do not cancel or change your reservation before the cancellation policy period applicable to the hotel you reserved, which varies by hotel (usually 48 to 96 hours) prior to your date of arrival, you will be subject to cancellation fees.
Perkopolis is committed to protecting your privacy. Perkopolis does not sell, trade, give away, or rent personal or company information, including email address, to any outside parties in ways other than disclosed in these terms & conditions and our privacy statement.
Perkopolis uses the information collected on the site to make shopping and promotional activities possible and to enhance your overall customer experience.
Phone Number details are optional and not required to become a Perkopolis member. By providing a phone number, you agree that Perkopolis (on behalf of itself or on behalf of others) may send promotional SMS to that phone number until such time that you so indicate your preference not to receive them. All promotional SMS sent by Perkopolis will indicate an OPT-OUT option. Users may also access their personal information, including phone number to make edits in the “My Account” section of the website.
© 2017 Perkopolis: Canada's Discount Program
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Français