https://corporate.bcidaho.com/company-information/privacy-policy.page
SHOPPERS
MEMBERS
MEDICARE ADVANTAGE
GUEST MEMBERS
PROVIDERS
EMPLOYERS
BROKERS
CUSTOMER SERVICE
MAIN OFFICE
LOCAL OFFICES
BCIDAHO.COM
OTHER SITES
CONTACT US
888-462-7677
CompanyInformation
Board of Directors
Code Of Ethical Business Conduct
Community Involvement
Blue Cross of Idaho Foundation for Health
Charitable Contributions
Company History
FEP Blue
Senior Management
CareerInformation
Career Opportunities
Employment Benefits.
Reasonable Accommodations
MediaRelations
Media Contacts
Media Policy
News Releases
CORPORATE
Home
/
privacy statement
The privacy of our customers is of utmost importance to Blue Cross of Idaho.
What Information Does Blue Cross of Idaho Collect?
Blue Cross of Idaho respects the privacy of individuals who visit this website. We will not release, trade or sell any individually identifiable user information gathered on this website to organizations outside Blue Cross of Idaho. We may collect and store aggregate web usage data (data that does not identify individuals) for statistical purposes. This information includes page visits, views, session length, as well as other similar data. For example, we may count the number of visitors to the different sections of our website to help make the site more useful to visitors. Information collected is used to improve the overall website experience and determine which areas of service are most important to website users. All data collected is done in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations.
Registration
Bcidaho.com has four areas that require registration to access. Restricted access sections include: Members, Providers, Brokers and Employers. Registration to one or more sections is required to ensure that information is received by qualifying parties.
How We Use Your Personal Information
Personally identifiable information (data which is unique to each user, including name, address, email address, IP address and telephone number) gathered in the registration process is kept to identify your account. Blue Cross of Idaho may use personal information when responding to an online inquiry. Personal information is also used to verify users’ identities.
It is the user’s responsibility to ensure that no unauthorized person has access to a secure password. Users are responsible for controlling access, dissemination and use of passwords, and promptly informing Blue Cross of Idaho of any need to deactivate a password. Registered users can also change personal passwords if they feel the security of their password or account was compromised.
Change Registration Information
If you have questions about your registration information, contact Blue Cross of Idaho by email at information@bcidaho.com.
Children's Privacy
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. This site is not intended or designed to attract children younger than 13. We do not collect personally identifiable information from any person we know is a child younger than 13.
Cookies
Cookies are small files placed on your computer’s hard drive by your Internet browser. Cookies may be sent from bcidaho.com to your computer to allow website users to view multiple documents without needing to log in multiple times. Cookies are used to track general website activity and troubleshoot website problems. Cookies cannot access any personal information or read any data on personal computers or electronic devices. Information collected through cookies is not sold or cross-referenced to any third party online database.
External Links
Bcidaho.com provides links to other websites outside of our organization. These websites have their own privacy and security procedures and therefore Blue Cross of Idaho cannot take responsibility for the privacy, security or content of other websites. These links are provided as additional resources for our members and access to these sites is done at users’ own risk. Bcidaho.com does not share any personally identifiable information with linked websites.
Security
The bcidaho.com website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Personal information is sent to us via encryption technology called Transport Layer Security (TLS) and stored in a secured database. When contacting Blue Cross of Idaho via email or other electronic means, please remember that information will pass through private and public networks, which can have varying levels of security, so use good judgment in what information you share.
Website Vulnerabilities
Blue Cross of Idaho is committed to resolving website vulnerabilities to deliver a better experience for you. If you believe our website has a security vulnerability, we want to know.
When to Contact the Security Team:
Please email us via secure email at security@bcidaho.com when you have identified a potential Blue Cross of Idaho website security vulnerability. Our Information Security team will follow-up with you within seven (7) business days.
If you have technical and customer support inquiries, email information@bcidaho.com.
Receiving Responses From Blue Cross of Idaho:
While we will assess all potential vulnerabilities, we may or may not release a notice. Responses are addressed on a case-by-case basis. We distribute technical security information about our products and services through these channels:
Email from security@bcidaho.com. In most cases, we issue a notice when we identify a workaround or fix for a security vulnerability. In some instances, we issue a notice in the absence of a workaround when the vulnerability has become widely known to the security community.
Public newsgroups or electronic mailing lists. This is done on an ad hoc basis, depending on how we perceive the relevance of each notice to the specific forum.
Formal incident response communities. We may distribute security notices to incident response forums and through other company-information distribution channels.
IP Addresses
Blue Cross of Idaho’s web server automatically collects your internet protocol address when you visit bcidaho.com. This information is used, in aggregate, for market and demographic trending purposes only and does not include personal information.
Contact
If you have questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, contact Blue Cross of Idaho at information@bcidaho.com, or by calling 208-345-4550 or 800-274-4018.
Notice of Privacy Practices
Contact Us
Report Fraud & Abuse /
Privacy Statement /
Legal Disclaimer /
Affirmative Statement about Incentives /
Careers /
About Blue Cross of Idaho /
Contact
Nondiscrimination Notice and Language Assistance /
JSON Files
An Independent Licensee of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association