https://correvio.com/privacy-statement/
1-800-330-9928
Contact Us
MENU
Home
About Us
Products
Products
Commercialized
Aggrastat ®
Brinavess ®
XYDALBA ™
ZEVTERA®/ MABELIO®
In Development
TREVYENT ®
Therapeutic Areas
Acute Bacterial Skin and Skin Structure Infections
Acute Coronary Syndromes
Atrial Fibrillation
Hospital Acquired Pneumonia & Community Acquired Pneumonia
Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension
Report an Adverse Event or a Product Quality Complaint
Medical Information
Partners
Partners
Out-licensing
In-licensing
Contact Business Development
Investors & Media
Investors
Press Releases
Events and Presentations
Corporate Presentation
Analyst Coverage
Corporate Governance
Investor FAQs
Contact IR
Careers
Careers
Current Opportunities
How to apply
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
For EEA subjects please refer to the EEA GDPR Privacy Notice.
For Non- EEA subjects please refer to the Privacy Statement below:
This Privacy Statement outlines the information Correvio Pharma Corp. (“Correvio”) will collect on this web site and how it will use that information. It will also tell you who to contact about the personal information, which is collected, and what to do if you do not want your personal information collected.
Correvio operates this web site. Correvio will post any changes to this Privacy Statement on this page so that you can always be aware of the type of information collected, its use and how you can contact us.
Correvio is aware that the security of your private information from the use of our web-site is an important concern. We take the protection of your personal data very seriously. Therefore we would like you to know what data we maintain and what data we discard. With this privacy statement, we would like to inform you about our security measures.
Privacy
Correvio respects the privacy of each individual with which it comes into contact, either as a customer or as a visitor to this web site. Correvio will not give, rent or sell any customer information or any information about any visitor to this web site to any organization or individual.
Collection of Data
You can use our web site without disclosing your personal data. You are not required to provide personal information as a condition of using our site, except as may be necessary to provide you a product or service at your request. When you use our web site, we store data on our servers for various security purposes. This data may include the name of your internet service provider, the web site that you used to link to our site, the web sites that you visit from our site and your IP-Address. This data could possibly lead to your identification, but we do not use it to do so. We do use the data from time to time for statistical purposes, but maintain the anonymity of each individual user so that the person cannot be identified. In cases when personal data is provided to others to provide you products or services you have requested, or for other purposes you have authorized, we rely on technical and organizational means to assure that applicable data security regulations are followed.
Collection and processing of personal data
We collect personal data only when you provide it to us, through registration, completion of forms or e-mails, as part of an order for products or services, inquiries or requests about materials being ordered and similar situations in which you have chosen to provide the information to us. If you do not want your personal information collected, do not provide it to us.
Your personal data will not be passed on by us or by our agents for use by third parties in any form whatsoever, unless we have obtained your consent or are legally required to do so.
We will retain control of and responsibility for the use of any personal data you disclose to us. Some of this data may be stored or processed at computers located in other jurisdictions, such as the United States, whose data protection laws may differ from the jurisdiction in which you live. Subject to applicable laws in such other jurisdictions, we will ensure that appropriate protections are in place to require the data processor in that country to maintain protections on the data that are equivalent to those that apply in the country in which you live.
Correvio may transfer any information received to one or more of its affiliated companies in other countries and regions of the world. We do not sell or transfer the information you send to us to others outside of our company, except that your data may be transferred to an outside entity for processing and mailing purposes only.
Purposes of Use
The data we collect will only be used for the purpose of supplying you with the requested products or services or for other purposes for which you have given your consent, except where otherwise provided by law.
The data we collect will also be used to improve the content of our website, and may be used to contact you via e-mail or by regular mail, to provide you with information that we believe to be of interest to you, process and store the information provided so that we are able to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services and to provide you with health-related information or services that we believe would be of interest to you.
Right of Access and Correction
You have the right to review and amend any personal data stored in our system if you believe it may be out of date or incorrect. Just send an e-mail to the address given in the imprint or contact the Privacy Officer or the Data Security Officer at the address below.
Right of Cancellation
You have the right at any time to withdraw your consent to the use of your personal data in the future. Again, just send an e-mail to the address given in the imprint or contact the Privacy Officer or the Data Security Officer at the address below.
Data Retention
We only retain personal data for as long as is necessary for us to render a service you have requested or to which you have given your consent, except where otherwise provided by law (e.g. in connection with pending litigation).
Your Consent
Your use of this website and by voluntarily submitting your personal information to us, you are consenting to the above-noted Privacy Statement and terms of use.
Children
In light of the importance of protecting children’s privacy, we do not collect, process or use on our website any information relating to an individual whom we know to be under 13 years old without the prior, verifiable consent of his or her legal representative. Such legal representative has the right, upon request, to view the information provided by the child and/or to require that it be deleted.
Correvio does not intend this site for child audiences, and has no intention of collecting personally-identifiable information (such as name, address, telephone number) from children under 18 years old.
Contacts
If you wish to know what information we have in our files about you, ask a question about the information in your file or request a change to the information in your file, please contact:
______________________________
Tel: 604.677.6905
Fax: 604.677.6915
Email: info@correvio.com
Changes
Any changes to this Privacy Statement will be communicated promptly on this page. Please contact the website administrator with any problems, questions or suggestions that you may have. The constant development of the internet requires occasional adjustments to our privacy statement. We retain the right to make changes when necessary.
Press Releases
View More >>
May 27, 2020
ADVANZ PHARMA Corp. Limited Closes Acquisition of Specialty Pharmaceutical Company Correvio Pharma Corp.
May 21, 2020
Correvio Obtains Final Order for Plan of Arrangement
May 15, 2020
Correvio Announces Results from Annual General and Special Meeting of Securityholders
May 6, 2020
Leading Independent Proxy Advisory Firm GLASS LEWIS Recommends that Correvio Shareholders Vote FOR the Arrangement with ADVANZ PHARMA
May 4, 2020
Correvio Announces Postponement of its First Quarter 2020 Financial Results due to Impacts from COVID-19
May 1, 2020
Leading Independent Proxy Advisory Firm ISS Recommends that Correvio Shareholders Vote FOR the Arrangement with ADVANZ PHARMA
April 8, 2020
Correvio Obtains Interim Order for Plan of Arrangement
March 30, 2020
Correvio Reports Full Year 2019 Financial Results
March 16, 2020
Advanz Pharma to Acquire Correvio
March 10, 2020
Correvio Partners with Hong Kong Teson Pharma Limited for the Commercialization of AGGRASTAT® in China
Products
View More >>
View Products
Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
Sitemap
Copyright 2018 Correvio Pharma Corp. All rights reserved.
By following this link you will be leaving the correvio.com website. Please note that Correvio does not take responsibility for the content displayed on other websites:
ContinueClose