https://cp.foremost.com/general/terms-of-use.htm
Terms of Use
These terms were last updated on 4/30/2020
Please read these terms of use carefully before using Foremost websites.
These terms of use ("Terms") describe the terms and conditions applicable to your access and use of
this web site (the "Web Site"), which is operated by and on behalf of Foremost Insurance Group or
Foremost® ("Foremost" or the "Foremost companies").
By using this Web Site, you are accepting and agreeing to these Terms. If you do not agree to all of these Terms,
do not use this Web Site. Foremost may modify this Web Site and the rules and regulations governing its access and
use, at any time. Any modification will be included in these Terms, so please check back when you use this Web
Site. By continuing use of this Web Site after such changes are posted, you will be deemed to have accepted such
changes.
Scope of Use | Eligibility for Insurance Products and Services | No Professional Advice | No Warranties | Limitation of Liability | Trademarks | Copyright | Visitor Submissions | Prohibited Actions | Third-Party Services | Links | Employment Opportunities | E-mail | Password Registration | Violations and Additional Policies | Governing Law, Location and Miscellaneous | Use of this Web Site by
Children | Indemnification | Disclosures | Information Storage Authorization | Policy Documents Quick View |
Foremost.com Online Account Registration | Privacy Policy | Arbitration
Scope of Use
Foremost invites you to view, use and download materials at this Web Site for your informational, non-commercial
use, provided that you leave all the copyright notices or other proprietary notices intact. You may not store,
modify, reproduce, transmit, distribute, repost, publicly display or otherwise use any content on this Web Site,
or the design or layout of this Web Site or individual sections of it, in any form or media except with the
express prior written permission of Foremost. The commercial use, reproduction, reposting, public display,
transmission or distribution of any information, software, logo or other material available through the websites
without the prior written consent of Foremost is strictly prohibited.
You understand that Foremost may, at any time, for any reason and without notice, discontinue, change or restrict
your use of this Web Site and make changes in the products and/or services described in this Web Site.
Eligibility for Insurance Products and Services
Not all of the products, features or services described on this Web Site are available in all geographic areas of
the United States. You may not be eligible for all of the insurance products, features or services described in
this Web Site. Foremost reserves the right to determine all eligibility for such products, features or services in
its sole discretion.
No Professional Advice
The information available on this Web Site is intended to be a general information resource regarding the matters
covered, but is not offered as legal, accounting or other professional advice, and is not tailored to your
specific circumstance. You should evaluate all information, opinions and advice available on this Web Site in
consultation with your insurance representative.
No Warranties
This Web Site, and any products or services available through this Web Site (collectively, "Materials")
are provided to you on an "AS IS," "as
available" basis without warranty of any kind either express or implied, including but not limited to any
implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, quiet enjoyment, systems integration,
accuracy, and non-infringement. These Materials include online calculators available through
this Web Site. The online calculators are for personal use only and are provided on an AS IS basis; they are based
on factors input by the user; actual costs will vary based on choices made by the individual; the results are not
intended to serve as a substitute for medical, financial, legal or tax advice; and the online calculators are not
part of any health or insurance plan.
Foremost does not endorse nor make any warranty as to the
accuracy, completeness, currency, or reliability of the Materials. Foremost makes no
representations or warranties that use of the Materials will be uninterrupted or error-free. You are responsible
for taking all necessary precautions to ensure that any Materials you may obtain are free of viruses or any other
harmful components. This warranty disclaimer may be different in connection with specific products and services
offered by Foremost. The information and descriptions contained herein are not necessarily intended to be complete
descriptions of all terms, exclusions and conditions applicable to the products and services, but are provided
solely for general informational purposes; please refer to the actual policy or the relevant product or services
agreement for the governing terms. Some states do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties, so the foregoing
disclaimer may not apply to you if you are a resident of any such state. You may also have other legal rights that
vary from state to state.
Limitation of Liability
Your use of the Materials is at your own risk. Foremost specifically disclaims any liability, whether based in
contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, or
special damages arising out of or in any way connected with access to, use of or reliance on the Materials (even
if Foremost or a Foremost representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages) or that arise in
connection with mistakes or omissions in, or delays in transmission of, information to or from the user,
interruptions in telecommunications connections to the Web Site or viruses that may infect your computer equipment
or other property, whether caused in whole or in part by negligence, acts of God, telecommunications failure,
theft or destruction of, or unauthorized access to this Web Site or the Materials. This limitation of liability
may be different in connection with specific products and services offered by Foremost. Some states do not allow
the limitation of liability, so the foregoing limitation may not apply to you.
Trademarks
“Foremost®,” “Foremost Insurance Group,” “the “interlocking F” logo, "A Better Insurance
Experience.®," "Foremost Choice,®" "Social Media
Suitcase,®" "Farmers®," "Farmers Insurance Group®,"
"Farmers Insurance Group of Companies®," the "sunburst logo" "Bristol
West,®" are some of the principal service marks used by Foremost and Farmers. Foremost and Farmers
also claim service mark, or trademark rights, in a number of related marks as noted in this Web Site by the use of
the symbols "®," "SM," or "TM." Nothing contained on this Web Site should be
construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed
on this Web Site without the prior written permission of Foremost or Farmers. Unauthorized use of any Foremost or
Farmers trademarks, service marks or logos is strictly prohibited and may be a violation of federal and state
trademark laws.
Copyright
This Web Site is protected by U.S. and foreign copyright laws. Except as expressly provided under "Scope of
Use" section above, you may not use, reproduce, modify, transmit, distribute, publicly display or perform
this Web Site without Foremost’s prior written permission.
Visitor Submissions
By providing information or materials to this Web Site (other than personal information subject to Foremost Privacy Policy), you grant to Foremost an
unrestricted, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, display, publicly perform, and
transmit such information and materials for any purpose, including without limitation, disclosing any such
information and materials as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation, or governmental request. You are prohibited
from submitting or transmitting any emails or materials through this Web Site that (A) are racist, supportive of
terrorist activities, defamatory, libelous, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing; (B) contain nudity,
violence, or offensive subject matter or contains a link to an adult website; (C) solicit personal information
from anyone under eighteen (18) years of age; (D) harass or advocate harassment of another person; (E) infringe
any third party’s copyright, trademark, service mark, trade secret, or other proprietary rights or rights of
publicity or privacy; (F) include a photograph of another person that you have posted without that person’s
consent; (G) promote information, material, or content that you know if false or misleading or promote illegal
activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory, libelous, obscene, scandalous,
inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material, or any other content that could give rise to any civil or
criminal liability under the law; (H) involve the transmission of “junk mail,” “chain
letters,” or solicited mass mailing, instant messaging, or “spamming”; or (I) violate any law or
regulation (including without limitation those governing consumer protection, unfair competition,
anti-discrimination or false advertising). Foremost shall not be subject to any obligations of confidentiality
regarding any information or materials that you submit except as specified in Foremost Privacy Policy, as set forth in any additional terms
and conditions relating to specific products or services, or as otherwise specifically agreed or required by law.
Prohibited Actions
You cannot: (a) decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or modify this Web or create derivative works based
upon this Web Site or any part thereof; (b) disable any licensing or control features of this Web Site; (c)
introduce into this Web Site any virus or other code or routine intended to disrupt or damage this Web Site, or
alter, damage or delete any Materials, or retrieve or record information about this Web Site or its users; (d)
merge this Web Site or Materials with another program or create derivative works based on this Web Site or
Materials; (e) remove, obscure, or alter any notice of the copyright or other proprietary legends on this Web Site
or Materials; (f) sublicense, assign, translate, rent, lease, lend, resell for profit, distribute or otherwise
assign or transfer the Materials or access to this Web Site to others; (g) use, or allow the use of, this Web Site
or the Materials in contravention of any federal, state, local, foreign or other applicable law, or rules or
regulations of regulatory or administrative organizations; or (h) otherwise act in a fraudulent, illegal,
malicious or negligent manner when using this Web Site. Except as expressly provided herein, Foremost reserves all
rights with respect to this Web Site, and may pursue all legally available options under both civil and criminal
laws (and may cooperate with law enforcement agencies) in the event of any violations.
Third-Party Services
Certain commercial services, products and discounts may be offered by third parties through this Web Site.
Foremost is not and will not be responsible for (i) the terms and conditions of any transaction between you and
any such third party, (ii) any insufficiency of or problems with any such third party's background, insurance,
credit or licensing, (iii) the quality of such products or the services performed by any such third party or (iv)
any other legal liability arising out of or related to the performance of such services or the purchase of such
products. Because we are not involved in the actual transaction between you and any such third party, in the event
you have a dispute with any such third party, you release Foremost and its affiliates, agents, and employees from
any and all claims arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes. If you are a California resident,
you waive the California Civil Code 1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the
creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by
him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor."
Links
Foremost offers links to other web sites operated by other entities as a convenience to you. Foremost makes no
representation regarding the content or accuracy of any web site that you may access through this one. Foremost
does not monitor and is not responsible for the content found on other web sites that are linked from this Web
Site. Inclusion of these links on this Web Site does not imply endorsement, recommendation or sponsorship for any
linked web site or the services, products or advice described on the site. The views, opinions, statements, offers
or other information or content expressed therein are those of the respective author(s) or distributor(s) and not
Foremost. Foremost reserves the right to terminate a link to a third party web site at any time. The third party
sites are not controlled by Foremost, and may have different terms of use and privacy policies, which Foremost
encourages you to review.
If you wish to link to this Web Site, unless otherwise set forth in a written agreement between you and a
Foremost® company, you must adhere to Foremost’s linking policy as follows: (i) any link to this
Web Site must be a text only link, (ii) the appearance, position and other aspects of the link may not be such as
to damage or dilute the goodwill associated with Foremost’s names and trademarks, (iii) the link must
“point” to the URL and not to other pages within this Web Site, (iv) the appearance, position and
other attributes of the link may not create the false appearance that your organization or entity is sponsored by,
affiliated with, or associated with Foremost, (v) when selected by a user, the link must display the website on
full-screen and not within a "frame" on the linking website, and (vi) Foremost reserves the right to
revoke its consent to the link at any time and in its sole discretion.
Employment Opportunities
Foremost is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunity. Applications are considered for all
positions without regard to race, sex, sexual orientation, color, religion, national origin, age, disability (so
long as such disability can be reasonably accommodated) or any other status protected by applicable law. Foremost
encourages all qualified applicants to apply.
E-mail
E-mail submissions over the Internet may not be secure and are subject to the risk of interception by third
parties. Please consider this fact before e-mailing any personal or confidential information.
Password Registration
Some areas of this Web Site are restricted and require a registered email address and a password for access. Unauthorized use or
access is strictly prohibited. In accessing restricted areas of the Web Site requiring a registered email address and password you
agree that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your registered email address and password. You may not
share your password with or transfer your password to any third party. Remember to choose a strong password,
including numbers, capital letters, special characters, etc., that is not typically found in a dictionary. You are
responsible for all uses of your registered email address and password, and any and all related charges, whether or not
authorized by you. You must immediately notify Foremost of any unauthorized use of your password or registered email address or
any other breach of security. Foremost will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone
else using your password or registered email address, either with or without your knowledge. However, you could be held liable
for losses incurred by Foremost or another party due to someone else using your registered email address or password.
Violations and Additional Policies
Foremost reserves the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of the Terms for
use of this Web Site, including the right to block access from a particular Internet address to this Web Site.
In the process of using this Web Site the Privacy Policy as set forth in the website www.foremost.com shall be applicable.
Governing Law, Location and Miscellaneous
These Terms shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Michigan USA, without reference to its
choice of law rules. The Web Site is operated by Foremost Insurance Group, on behalf of the Foremost companies,
from its offices in Caledonia, Michigan. Foremost makes no representation that the content of this Web Site is
appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to these websites from territories where the
content of this Web Site may be illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this Web Site from other
locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. These Terms
and all documents incorporated herein by reference constitute the entire agreement between Foremost and you with
respect to this Web Site. Should any provision of these Terms be held invalid, unlawful or for any reason
unenforceable, then the invalid, unlawful or unenforceable provision shall be severable from the remaining
provisions. Such invalid, unlawful or unenforceable provision shall not affect the validity or enforceability or
the remaining provisions.
Use of this Web Site by Children
Foremost does not intend to market any products or services to children and does not knowingly collect personal
information or make any active effort to collect personal information from children and does not wish to receive
such information. Foremost requires that Web Site users must be of legal age to enter into agreements (typically,
at least eighteen (18) years of age or older).
Indemnification
You agree to defend and indemnify Foremost from any and all third party claims, liability, damages, expenses and
costs (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees) caused by or arising from your use of this Web
Site or the Materials in a manner not expressly authorized by these Terms of Use or that violates these Terms of
Use, any law, or the rights of a third party.
Disclosures
Comments that reflect an individual's experience with their insurance representative or their services should not
be relied upon, as such comments may not reflect the experience of all customers.
Any posts that contain inappropriate, abusive, redundant or irrelevant comments may be removed at our
discretion.
Foremost Insurance Group of companies does not endorse, nor is responsible for, any content provided in posts or
links outside of this website. Links to third-party media, articles and/or websites are for general information
purposes only and do not constitute an offer or solicitation of any kind. They are not intended, and should not be
relied upon, as investment, insurance or financial advice.
Click here to view a list of our
insurers and the states where they are licensed.
The Consumer Communications Bureau of the California Department of Insurance may be contacted in writing at 300
South Spring Street, South Tower, Los Angeles, CA 90013, or by telephone at (800) 927-HELP.
Information Storage Authorization
You authorize Foremost to store any information you provide, including, but not limited to, names, addresses,
email addresses, phone numbers, birth dates, driver’s license numbers, social security numbers, vehicle identification numbers (VINs), Bank
Account or Payment Card information.
You certify that you are the owner or authorized signer for any Bank Account or Payment Card you provide, and
you authorize the financial institution where any such Bank Account or Payment Card is held to honor any
withdrawals or charges you authorize.
Policy Documents Quick View
Policy Documents Quick View refers to services on foremost.com where you may electronically view your policy
related documents without logging into a Foremost Online Account. You agree to be bound by these Policy Documents
Quick View Terms of Use, in addition to the other Terms of Use for www.foremost.com.  If you do not agree with any of these Terms of Use, you
may not use Policy Documents Quick View.
Policy Documents Quick View services are available on foremost.com as part of your acceptance to these Terms
of Use. Foremost reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, add or remove any portion of these Terms
of Use related to online services, in whole or in part. If you continue to use the online services thereafter,
your continued use of the services is your acceptance of the changes and agreement to be bound by the Terms of Use
as amended. If you do not agree to the changes, you agree to discontinue your use of the online services.
Foremost reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the
online services at any time without notice. You agree that Foremost will not be liable to you or any third party
for any modification or discontinuance of the online services.
Foremost.com Online Account Registration
Foremost.com Online Account Registration refers to services on foremost.com where you may register for an online account which will allow you to, among other things, electronically view your policy related documents as
well as manage your online account profile information. Changes to your online account profile information will
not change the information on your policy.  If you need to change the information on your policy, you need to call
1-888-383-4244 (Monday – Friday 9 AM to 8 PM ET).  You agree to be bound by these Foremost.com Online Account Terms of
Use, in addition to the other Terms of Use for www.foremost.com. If you do not agree with any of these Terms of
Use, you may not create an online account.
Online services are available on foremost.com as a part of your acceptance of these Foremost.com Online Account
Terms of Use. Foremost reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, add or remove any portion of these
Terms of Use related to online services, in whole or in part. If you continue to use the online services
thereafter, your continued use of the services is your acceptance of the changes and agreement to be bound by the
Terms of Use as amended. If you do not agree to the changes, you agree to discontinue your use of the online
services.
Foremost reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the
online services at any time without notice. You agree that Foremost will not be liable to you or any third party
for any modification or discontinuance of the online services.
To ensure that Foremost is able to provide high quality services that are responsive to your needs, you agree
that Foremost employees may have access to your online account and records as reasonably needed to investigate
complaints and to conduct the business of Foremost in providing services for you. You may deactivate your online
access by calling 1-888-383-4244 (Monday – Friday 9 AM to 8 PM ET).
Privacy Policy
Foremost respects your right to privacy. You can view our privacy
policy here.
Arbitration
Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these Legal Terms or Foremost websites shall be settled by
binding arbitration in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association.
Any such controversy or claim shall be arbitrated on an individual basis, and shall not be consolidated in any
arbitration with any claim or controversy of any other party. The arbitration shall be conducted in Grand Rapids,
Michigan, and judgment on the arbitration award may be entered into any court having jurisdiction thereof.
The insurance products and services are offered by the Foremost Insurance Group insuring entities, located at
5600 Beech Tree Lane, Caledonia, Michigan and at offices throughout the United States.