https://cpchealthcare.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy & Legal
Please read the following information carefully, as it outlines the terms you agree to when you access our website.
CPC’S LEGAL DISCLAIMER
By accessing and using this website, you agree to be bound by the following Terms and Conditions and all applicable laws.
Use of This website
You may browse this website for personal and general information only. CPC Loyalty Communications Inc. (CPC), parent company of CPC Healthcare Communications, grants to you a limited non-exclusive license to view, copy and print the material on this website for your non-commercial or personal use only. All copies that you make must retain all copyright and other notices that are on the version on this website. Except as provided in the previous sentence, you may not use, distribute, modify, transmit, revise, reverse engineer, republish, post or create derivative works of the contents of this website without CPC’s prior written permission. The material specified above does not include the design or layout of this website. Elements of this website are protected by trade dress and other laws and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part.
Automatic Collection of Information
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using and the domain name of the website from which you linked to our website.
“Cookies”
Our public site does not use “cookies” to store information in your browser. Cookies may be used on future releases in our client extranet area.
A cookie is a token that a server gives to your browser when you access a website. Cookies help provide additional functionality to the website or help us analyze website usage more accurately. For instance, our server may set a cookie that keeps you from having to enter a password more than once during a visit to our client extranet. In all cases in which cookies are used, we will not collect personally identifiable information except with your explicit permission. With most Internet browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
Disclaimer
The contents on this website are provided as is, without any other warranties or conditions, express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of merchantable quality, satisfactory quality, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or those arising by law, statute, usage of trade or course of dealing. CPC assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in the information or other documents which are referenced by or linked to this website. CPC makes no warranties or representations, whatsoever, express or implied, in connection with the suitability, for any purpose, of the contents of this website, your use of this website or your use of the contents of any website linked to this website. Without limiting the foregoing, CPC makes no representation regarding the accuracy or completeness of any claims, statements or information on this website or any website to which it is or can be linked. The foregoing exclusions may not apply to you to the extent that applicable law prohibits the exclusion of implied warranties.
This website could include technical or other inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein; these changes will be incorporated in new editions of this website.
Liability Limitation
CPC, its affiliates and any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors, subcontractors or agents of the foregoing shall not, under any circumstances, be liable for consequential, incidental, indirect or special damages, of any kind, or any other damages whatsoever including, without limitation, those resulting from loss of use, data or profits, and whether resulting from the use or inability of use of any contents of this website (or a website linked to or from this website), or any other cause, and even if caused by CPC or its affiliate’s negligence or if CPC or its authorized representative has been apprised of the likelihood of such damages occurring, or both. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you to the extent that applicable law prohibits the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. CPC’s total liability to you hereunder shall not, in any event, exceed your online charges for accessing this site.
Non-Confidential Use of Your Postings
Any non-personal communication, comments, ideas or material you transmit to CPC is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. By transmitting or posting any communication or material to this website you grant to CPC, and all of its affiliates, an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, modify, transmit, distribute, publish, broadcast or post your communication for any purpose. You also agree that CPC is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send us for any purpose. However, we will not release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other information to us.
Restricted Material
You agree not to post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic or profane material, or any material that constitutes or encourages criminal conduct or that violates any law.
Links
As a convenience to our visitors, our website currently contains links to a number of other websites that we believe may offer useful information. The privacy policies and procedures described here do not apply to those websites. We suggest contacting these websites directly for information on their data collection and distribution policies. Your linking to such websites or pages is at your own risk.
Intellectual Property
Your use of any content on the website, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. The trademarks, logos and service marks displayed on the site are registered and unregistered trademarks of CPC and third parties. CPC retains all copyright and other proprietary rights in the contents of this website. In any use of the contents of this website CPC retains all copyright or other proprietary notices and any disclaimer contained thereon. If you link to any third-party websites from this website, you should follow the copyright provisions of those sites.
Revisions
Any changes in these Terms and Conditions will be promptly displayed on this website. We reserve the right to, at our sole discretion, at any time revise or remove these Terms and Conditions. You are bound by such revisions, so we encourage you to visit this page frequently to stay informed.
Laws
This website is controlled by CPC from its offices within the Province of Ontario, Canada. By accessing this website, you and CPC agree that all matters relating to your access to, or use of, this website shall be governed by the statutes and laws of the Province of Ontario, without regard to the conflicts of law principles thereof. You and CPC also agree and hereby submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the courts of the Province of Ontario with respect to such matters.
CPC’S PRIVACY POLICY
We (CPC) have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our strong commitment to privacy. We respect the privacy of visitors to our website. We will only collect personally identifiable data, such as your name, company or e-mail address, when it is voluntarily submitted to us through our website (Contact Us). We and/or the companies we hire will use this information to comply with your request for information or as otherwise disclosed to you at the location at which you submit your information. From time to time, we may refer to that information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services. We may use that information to contact you. We do not sell, rent or loan your personal information to anybody and will never do so.
Our website also uses information in aggregate form to track the total number of visitors to our site, the number of visitors to each page of our site and the domain names of our visitors’ Internet service providers. No personally identifiable information is available in this process.
As a convenience to our visitors, our website currently contains links to a number of sites that we believe may offer useful information. The privacy policies and procedures described here do not apply to those sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their data collection and distribution policies.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be promptly communicated on this page.
We encourage you to also read the legal information contained above this privacy statement as it outlines the terms you agree to when you access our website.
144 Front St. W. Suite 750, Toronto, ON M5J 2L7
Phone: +1 416-494-9995, Fax: +1 416-494-2328
info@cpchealthcare.com
DROP US A LINE!
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Subject
Your Message