https://cpes.co.uk/terms-service-agreement/
Home
About Us
Products
Holiday Home and Park Home
Touring Connection Units
Service Bollards
Mains and Distribution
High Level Lighting
Low Level Lighting
Other Lighting
Camperclean
Camping
Metering
Electric Vehicle Charging
Accessories
New Products
Popular Products
Search
News
Contact
Home / Terms of Service Agreement Terms of Service Agreement
By using this web site, you are agreeing to comply and be bound by the following terms of service and use. Please review the following terms in their entirety and ensure their comprehension before using and viewing this web site.
The terms “us”, “we”, “our”, or “owners” refers to “Caravan Park Electrical Services” and administrative operators of this web site, cpes.co.uk. “You” refers to the user or viewer of this web site.
Copyright
The content in its entirety, including text content, graphics, layouts, and all source code, belong to the owners of the web site. This term is protected by intellectual property rights and copyright law. Copying, redistribution, use or publication either for free or for monetary gain is strictly prohibited. Some of the content on the site is the copyrighted and licensed work of third parties.
Terms of Use
The content of this web site in its entirety is subject to change without notice. Its purpose is for your general information only.
No parties guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness, or suitability of the content and information found on this site. You acknowledge that errors or inaccuracies may exist, and that the owners of the site are in no way liable for any such errors.
The owners of the site are not responsible and hold no liability for third-party content that may be posted on the site by end users, or for content that is linked to from this web site including other web sites.
The use of and viewing of information on this site is at your own risk. Any consequences of use that may occur are not the liability of the web site owners.
Unauthorised use of this web site or its contents may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence enforceable by local and international law.
We reserve the right to restrict access to certain areas of the web site at our own discretion. If a username and password, or any other access credentials, are provided to you as the end user, it is your responsibility to keep such information confidential.
The owners of the web site are not responsible for user-generated content, and no liable for any violations that such content may constitute.
By using our website you agree that we can place cookies on your device.
Arrange a free consultation to discuss your business needs
Our dedicated team are always on hand and ready to help.
Contact Us
Thanks for your email
We've recieved it and we'll be in touch shortly.Kind Regards,The CPES Team
Cookie Policy: By using our website you agree that we can place cookies on your device Tell me more
×
Report a bug
Cancel
Submit
Report a bug
Thanks!
We really appreciate you taking the time to report this bug, we will look into it ASAP.
Close
We love cookies, can we have a couple?
This website uses cookies to provide you with a great user experience. For more information please view our Privacy Notice.