https://cpes.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Products
Holiday Home and Park Home
Touring Connection Units
Service Bollards
Mains and Distribution
High Level Lighting
Low Level Lighting
Other Lighting
Camperclean
Camping
Metering
Electric Vehicle Charging
Accessories
New Products
Popular Products
Search
News
Contact
Home / Privacy Policy Privacy Policy
This website privacy policy describes how Caravan Park Electrical Services obtains, stores and makes use of the information you provide when using or interacting with our website, cpes.co.uk.
If you are asked to provide information when using this website, it will only be used in the ways described in this privacy policy.
This policy is updated from time to time. The latest version is published on this page.
This website privacy policy was updated on: 16th November 2018
If you have any questions about this policy, please email sales@cpes.co.uk or write to: Caravan Park Electrical Services LTD, Vale Industrial Estate, Spilsby, Lincolnshire PE23 5HE.
Introduction
We gather and use certain information about individuals in order to provide products and services and to enable certain functions on this website.
We also collect information to better understand how visitors use this website and to present timely, relevant information to them.
Data collection
We collect different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our service to you.
Personal Data
While using our website, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the website is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
This site may use cookies or browser tracking technologies to provide a better overall user experience. This information allows us to continue modifying the site to meet end user browser types, operating systems, and frequency of visits. Personal information cannot be collected by these methods unless expressly provided by the end user. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
A “cookie” is a small text file that’s stored on your computer, tablet or phone when you visit a website.
Some cookies are deleted when you close down your browser. These are known as session cookies. Others remain on your device until they expire or you delete them from your cache. These are known as persistent cookies and enable us to remember things about you as a returning visitor.
We use cookies (and sometimes other similar technologies) to:
Monitor your use on our website and gather analytics to help us improve your browsing experience
Remember your preferences to personalise your visit
Identify whether you are signed in to our website
Personalise our website and display information relevant to you
Help us improve the usability of our website
Cookies do not provide us with access to your computer or any information about you, other than that which you choose to share with us.
Cookies on this website
Cookie
Provider
Description
Expiration
First-party cookies
cookiesAcknowledged
CPES
Remembers choice to hide cookie policy notification, only set when notification has been acknowledged.
6 months.
Third-party cookies
_ga
Google
Used to distinguish users.
2 years from set/update.
_gat
Google
Used to throttle request rate.
10 minutes from set/update.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
How we use this data
Collecting this data helps us understand what you are looking from the company, enabling us to deliver improved products and services.
Specifically, we may use data:
For our own internal records
To improve the products and services we provide
To contact you in response to a specific enquiry
To customise the website for you
To send you promotional emails about products, services, offers and other things we think might be relevant to you
To send you promotional mailings or to call you about products, services, offers and other things we think might be relevant to you
To contact you via email, telephone or mail for market research reasons
Controlling your data
When you fill in a form or provide your details on our website, you will see one or more tick boxes allowing you to:
Opt-in to receive marketing communications from us by email, telephone, text message or post
Opt-in to receive marketing communications from our third-party partners by email, telephone, text message or post
If you have agreed that we can use your information for marketing purposes, you can change your mind easily, via one of these methods:
Send an email to sales@cpes.co.uk
Write to us at: Caravan Park Electrical Services LTD, Vale Industrial Estate, Spilsby, Lincolnshire PE23 5HE
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission.
However, there are special situations in which we may need to share access to your Personal Information without your explicit consent. For example;
To comply with a legal obligation
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the website
To protect the personal safety of users of the website or the public
To protect against legal liability
We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. An admin fee may be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Caravan Park Electrical Services LTD, Vale Industrial Estate, Spilsby, Lincolnshire PE23 5HE.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
We also follow stringent procedures to ensure we work with all personal data in line with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Links from our site
Our website may contain links to other websites.
Please note that we have no control of websites outside the cpes.co.uk domain. If you provide information to a website to which we link, we are not responsible for its protection and privacy.
Always be wary when submitting data to websites. Read the site’s data protection and privacy policies fully.
Arrange a free consultation to discuss your business needs
Our dedicated team are always on hand and ready to help.
Contact Us
Thanks for your email
We've recieved it and we'll be in touch shortly.Kind Regards,The CPES Team
Cookie Policy: By using our website you agree that we can place cookies on your device Tell me more
×
Report a bug
Cancel
Submit
Report a bug
Thanks!
We really appreciate you taking the time to report this bug, we will look into it ASAP.
Close
We love cookies, can we have a couple?
This website uses cookies to provide you with a great user experience. For more information please view our Privacy Notice.
Change Cookie Settings