https://cpp.canon/privacy/
Privacy - Canon Production Printing
Home
About us
Corporate information
Canon Production Printing
Facts and figures
Worldwide
People and culture
Executive board
History
Mission & Vision
Our portfolio
Corporate Social Responsibility
Contributing to society
Environment
Products and Technologies
Products
Large format
Cutsheet
Continuous feed
Software & servers
Technologies
UVgel
iQuarius
All technologies
Applications
All applications
News
Careers
Search
Menu
You are here: Home1 / PrivacyPrivacy Statement
This Privacy Statement sets out how Canon Production Printing (hereinafter  “we“, “us“, “our“) collects and process information about you when you visit our website (“Website“).
1. Personal information we collect and how we use it
Information you give us. You may give us information, when you use our Website, correspond with us, or enter into any of our surveys. This includes information that can identify you (“personal information“). Where we request information from you, we will collect the information set out in the relevant forms or pages. You may choose to provide additional information to us when you contact us or otherwise interact with us.
Information we collect automatically. When you visit our Website, we may automatically collect the following information: your IP address, location information, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, information about your visit including the URL clickstream to, through and from our Website, products you viewed or searched for, download errors, length of visits to certain pages and page interaction. We collect information automatically through the use of various technologies, including through “cookies”, and this is explained further in our Cookie Policy.
We use the information we collect automatically: (1) to administer our Website for internal operations including troubleshooting purposes; (2) to ensure that content from our Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your devices; (3) as part of our effort to keep our Website safe and secure; (4) to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you; and (5) to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our Website about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Where permitted by law, we may combine this information we receive from other sources, including from social media websites, with information you give to us and information we collect about you, including cookie information. We may use this information and the combined information for learning more about your preferences as our customer, for enhancing your user experience on our Website and for providing you with information, content and offerings tailored to your needs.
2. How we share and disclose your information
We may share your information with our affiliates for the purposes outlined in this Statement and with Authorized Staff as defined hereinafter. We may also share your information with third parties when: (1) it is necessary to involve a third party service provider in order to facilitate or extend our services; (2) explicitly requested by you (e.g. with social media networks); (3) required by a court order or any legal or regulatory requirement; (4) in connection with the sale or transfer of a business; (5) to enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use; (6) to ensure the safety and security of our users, customers and third parties; and (7) to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of our guests and third parties.
3. Marketing Information
From time to time we, our affiliates or agents might use this information for marketing purposes or to inform you about other products and services, which we think might be of interest for you. Where required by law, your prior consent will be obtained before sending direct marketing. In any event, we will offer you the option to unsubscribe in every communication sent.
4. Data Retention
We will only hold your personal data for the duration necessary to allow us to provide the services that you have requested or for any additional period as required by law.
5. Transfers
Your personal information may be linked to the browser information, other affiliates and third parties (such as hosting service providers) for the purposes set out above and in the cookie policy and for the purposes of group administration. This might involve a transfer of data outside the European Economic Area. Some of these recipients may be located in countries that do not have the same privacy laws as the EU Member States, however, you may rest assured that the necessary measures are in place to protect the confidentiality and security of your information.
6. Information Security
We apply appropriate security measures to protect your personal information that is under our control from unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification or disposal. All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers.
7. Cookies and other technologies
We use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience in your interactions with us and on our website. You agree to our use of cookies on your device by continuing to use our website. If you prefer not to receive cookies from our website, you can refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. For more information please read our cookie policy.
8. Your Rights
You have the right to receive information regarding your personal information that is stored with us at any time. Apart from the mandatory information storage relevant for business transactions, you also have the right of adjustment, blocking or deletion of your personal data. Please contact the address given below. In order to enable a deletion of data, this data has to be stored in a lock file for control purposes. You can also request a deletion of this data as far as we don’t have to comply with legal archiving obligations. At your request we block your data in accordance with any such legal obligation. You can change or revoke your consent with effect for the future by notifying us. If you wish to obtain a copy of personal information that we hold about you, please contact us at the address below. Before responding to your request, we may ask you to verify your identity and to provide further details about your request. We will endeavour to respond within an appropriate timeframe and, in any event, within any timescales required by law. It is your responsibility to ensure that you submit true, accurate and complete information to us and keep it up to date. You may also update your personal information by contacting us, using the contact details provided below. Please make sure to include your name, username and post code in your initial correspondence. This helps us protect the details and preferences on your account from unauthorized access.
9. Changes
This Privacy Statement may be amended by us from time to time. These changes may affect our use of your personal data. Any updated Privacy Statement will be available on our website without prior notification to you.
10. Contact
If you have a question, concern or complaint about this Statement or our handling of your information, or wish to exercise your right please, submit your request to privacy@cpp.canon.
About usPeople and culture
Worldwide
History
Mission and vision
Products & TechnologiesLarge format
Cutsheet
Continuous feed
Technologies
Applications
CareersCareers
NewsNews
SupportSupport
My Account
Downloads
Contact
©2020 Canon Production Printing
FacebookLinkedInYoutubePrivacy
Terms of use
Cookie information
Cookies
We use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience on our website.	Read more
Accept all
Manage cookie settings
Cookie Box Settings
Cookie settings
Cookie Box Settings
Cookie settings
Cookies settings
Decide which cookies you want to allow. You can change these settings at any time. However, this can result in some functions no longer being available.
By selecting an option below you can enable or disable different types of cookies:
Block all
Essentials
Analytics
This website will
Remember your cookie permission settingAllow session cookiesGather information you input into a contact form or other forms across all pages
This website won't
Remember your login detailsRemember social media settingsKeep track of your visited pages and interaction takenKeep track about your location and region based on your IP numberKeep track of the time spent on each pageIncrease the data quality of the statistics functionsTailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (Currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies)Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location
This website will
Essential: Remember your cookie permission settingEssential: Allow session cookiesEssential: Gather information you input into a contact forms newsletter and other forms across all pagesFunctionality: Remember social media settingsFunctionality: Remember selected region and country
This website won't
Analytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction takenAnalytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP numberAnalytics: Keep track of the time spent on each pageAnalytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functionsAdvertising: Tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (Currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies)Advertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location
This website will
Remember your cookie permission settingAllow session cookiesGather information you input into a contact form or other forms across all pagesKeep track of your visited pages and interaction takenKeep track about your location and region based on your IP numberKeep track of the time spent on each pageIncrease the data quality of the statistics functions
This website won't
Tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (Currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies)Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location
This website will
Functionality: Remember social media settingsFunctionality: Remember selected region and countryAnalytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction takenAnalytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP numberAnalytics: Keep track of the time spent on each pageAnalytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functionsAdvertising: Tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (Currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies)Advertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location
This website won't
Remember your login details
Save & close