http://cpshvac.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyCPS Staff2020-08-20T13:50:39-04:00
CPS is committed to your privacy protection.
How we collect and use your professional identifying information.
If you provide CPS Heating & Cooling your professional business contact information, we will use this information (e.g., your name, address, email address, company information, etc…) to follow up with your online request.
We will NOT share your personally identifying information with third parties for their marketing purposes, unless we have your permission to do so.
We use information submitted through our website or collected through email or hard copy surveys to analyze the characteristics of our customers, and to improve services.
Cookies
Cookies, also known as web cookies, browser cookies, and HTTP cookies are text files stored on your computer when you visit certain sites. A cookie can be used for authentication, storing site preferences, shopping cart contents, the identifier for a server-based session, or anything else that can be accomplished through storing text data. CPS may use cookies on our website to:
Offer a better navigation experience.
Alleviate repetitive form fields.
Personalize your online experience.
Analyze pages our visitors browse.
Measure advertising and/or promotional effectiveness.
We also may use cookies with our online advertising program’s opt-out tools to assist with your opt-out choices and to help us measure visitor usage.
( Please be aware that some cookies may be placed by third party service providers who help perform some specific tracking/marketing functions.)
How we share your professional identifying information
We may provide your professional identifying information to companies that provide services to help us with tasks such as tracking our web site.
These third parties are NOT authorized to use your identifying information. We may disclose your personally identifying information —
As required by law such as to comply with a legal process.
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud or respond to a written government request.
If CPS becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will provide notice before personally identifying information becomes subject to a different privacy statement.
We do NOT sell your personally identifying information to third parties.
Security
Providing security for the personally identifying information you submit via our website is a priority and we do our best to protect against unauthorized access to your information. Please be aware that no transmission of information via the Internet can be 100% secure. You should always use caution when submitting any information to any website.
Changes to this privacy statement
Please note that CPS may change this Privacy Statement from time to time. Therefore, please periodically review this page to ensure you are in agreement with our policy.
Go to Top