https://craneinstitute.com/privacy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to footer
PrivacyCrane Institute of America: Privacy Policy Statement
Our postal address is
3880 St. Johns Pkwy.
Sanford, FL 32771
We can be reached via email at info@craneinstitute.com or you can reach us by telephone at 407.322.6800.
For each visitor to our web page, our web server automatically recognizes the IP address.
We collect the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address) and products ordered and class registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, and may be disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Web site.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart.
If you do not want to receive emails from us in the future, please let us know by sending us an email to the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address online you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address. If you supply us with your telephone numbers online you will only receive contact from us with information you have requested or regarding orders you have placed on-line.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by emailing us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to a description of information that we maintain about them. Visitors can request this information by emailing us at the above address. Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, financial information. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us an email to the above address.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Registration
Please call us at 407-322-6800 or 1-800-832-2726 if outside the United States
Training Program Schedule
All training programs begin at 8 AM
and conclude at 4 PM.
View Our Program Schedule
Cancellation Policy
You must cancel at least 48 hours in advance via phone or email.
No shows will be charged a $50 processing fee.
Accommodations/Hotel Information
Orlando Hotel information
Identify yourself as a Crane Institute of America attendee for special hotel discounts.
(Do not make travel arrangements for any programs until you have received a firm confirmation.)
Footer
General
info@craneinstitute.com
Location
3880 St. Johns Pkwy.
Sanford, FL 32771
Trainer Portal
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.I Accept