http://crawfords.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Browse: Home
> Privacy Policy
This is the website of Crawford Products Co. Inc.
We can be reached via email at: Crawfords@crawfords.com
Or via Post Office Box:
Crawford Products Co. Inc.,
P.O. Box 4339
Whittier CA 90607-4339
Or via Phone:
Outside CA
1-888-4-A-PATCH
California Only:
BUS: (323) 721-6429
FAX: (323) 721-0826
Office Hours:
Monday through Thursday
7:00 AM – 4:00 PM
Pacific time.
Closed Fridays.
We collect aggregate information on website traffic; for example, what pages consumers access or visit. This statistical information we collect is used for internal review and to improve the content of our website. It is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes. We do not set any cookies from this website. We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
If you supply us with your postal address or email address via this website, you will only receive the information for which you provided us your postal address or email address.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. Crawford Products Co. Inc. only collects Personal Information that you submit voluntarily when you provide your name, address and any other contact information you choose to provide, on the “Contact” portion of the Site. Such Personal Information is collected for the sole purpose of adding your name and contact information to the Crawford Products Co. Inc. mailing list in order to provide you with newsletters, promotions, publications, updates and invitations to upcoming Crawford Products Co. Inc. events that may be of interest to you.
By providing Crawford Products Co. Inc. with Personal Information on these portions of the Site, you consent to the collection and use of such information in accordance with this privacy statement. Crawford Products Co. Inc. does not disclose any Personal Information to any third parties, except as required by law.
If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
SDS – Putty
SDS – Paste