https://creative-finance.com/privacy-policy/
Home »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Internet Privacy Policy
Your Personal Information
Creative Finance & Investments does not collect personally identifiable information on our website, such as your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number, without your knowledge. Such information is collected only when you knowingly and voluntarily submit it to us (as, for example, when you contact us via e-mail). Creative Finance & Investments uses such voluntarily submitted information for the purposes for which it was submitted.
The personal information you submit when filling out our forms online is treated as confidential by Creative Finance & Investments. We use this information to process your transaction, and we share the information with trusted parties necessary to qualify, process, close and service your transaction.
At any time, you may also access and correct personal information that you have submitted to Creative Finance & Investments by contacting us at the email address listed below.
Non-Personal Information
Creative Finance & Investments collects non-personal user information (for example, IP addresses) in aggregate form. An IP address is a number given to you by a web server. Examples of information provided by an IP address include service provider, type of browser and type of system used. An IP address is not used to obtain personal information about a user. Creative Finance & Investments may use non-personal user information to make its site better and more responsive to your needs.
Privacy Policy
CFI appreciates the trust you have placed in us, and we are committed to always providing you with professional service you deserve, and to protect your privacy along the way.
In this disclosure, you’ll find details about how we use and protect your information. We believe that protecting your privacy is an important part of the service we provide to you.
CFI does not share customer information with outside parties who may wish to market their products to you.
Highlights of Our Commitment to You
We do not sell customer information to third parties.
We do not share customer information with outside parties who may wish to market their products to you. You do not have to take any action or instruct us to keep your information confidential. We will protect your privacy automatically.
We safeguard your customer information carefully.
We have made it easy to communicate your privacy preference to us.
We are committed to protecting your customer information in every transaction, at every level of our organization. For this purpose, we have designed procedures, standards and technology, which are described in our policy.
We are committed to helping you protect your privacy every day.
On our web site, you’ll find tips to help you protect yourself from identity theft, and limit direct marketing from outside companies.
How We Protect And Use Customer Information
We begin by safeguarding the security and integrity of customer information. We are committed to protecting the security and integrity of customer information through procedures and technology designed for this purpose. For example:
We limit employee access to customer information to those who have a business reason to know this information. Employees are required to honor our code of conduct, which includes standards to protect customer confidentiality. They are subject to disciplinary action if they fail to do so.
We maintain policies and procedures covering the proper physical security of workplaces and records.
Our physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards meet or exceed federal standards regarding the protection of customer information.
We require independent contractors and outside companies who work with us to adhere to strict privacy standards through their contracts with us.
We use technological means (such as backup files, virus detection and eradication software, firewalls, and other computer software and hardware) to protect against unauthorized access or alterations to customer data.
We collect and maintain customer information as part of servicing your account and your customer relationship.  In the course of serving you, we collect information about you from a variety of sources, such as:
Information you provide to us on applications or forms, such as your income and accounts with others;
Information we receive from an outside company, such as a credit bureau, regarding your credit history or employment status; or
Information about your transactions or experiences with companies affiliated with us.
The customer information we collect is used to serve your accounts and meet your financial needs. Information may be used internally, as well as with authorized third parties (described in section 4), for a number of purposes, such as:
To protect your accounts from unauthorized access or identity theft.
To process your requests such as loan applications and purchases.
To keep you informed about financial services of interest to you.
We do not share information with outside parties who may wish to market their products to you.  We may disclose the information we collect, as described above, with non-affiliated third parties that are acting on our behalf, including:
Companies that perform support services for us, such as title or escrow companies.
There are other situations when we may disclose to third parties the customer information we collect as permitted or required by law. In these cases, third parties could include credit bureaus, government entities, courts or other entities (in response to subpoenas and other legal processes), and those with whom you have requested us to share information.
It is important to note that we do not share customer information with other companies for the purpose of marketing their products to you. It is not necessary for you to instruct us not to share information with these outside companies, because we will automatically keep your information confidential.
Within our organization, we share information so that we can work together to serve you.  We may disclose all of the information we collect, as described above, including:
Our administrative and service units which, for example, service your accounts or prepare your account statements.
Affiliated companies that provide financial and other services. These include insurance agencies, and real estate brokerage companies. By law, information that help us identify you or is derived from your transactions and experiences with us may be shared among affiliated companies. You can instruct us not to share other personal financial information about you with affiliated companies. Indicate your preference by calling 1-800-999-4809 at any time.
Your Privacy Is Our Concern
CFI knows it is important to protect your personal information. We collect and retain information about you to:
Communicate with you,
Process your requests for products and services, and
Inform you about financial opportunities that may be of interest to you.
We do not sell nonpublic personal information about current or former customers, nor do we share this type of information with anyone other than our affiliate partners. The examples in this Privacy Policy are illustrative only and are not intended to be exclusive.
Confidentiality and Security
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to only those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safety measures that comply with federal standards to guard your nonpublic personal information against unauthorized access and use.
Maintaining the accuracy of your information is a shared responsibility. We maintain the integrity of the information you provide us and will update your records when you notify us of a change. Please contact us at the phone number or email address listed below for information update notification.
What Information Do You Collect about Me and From Whom?
We obtain most of our information directly from you from our website, from emails with you, and from telephone conversations with you. Depending on the type of transaction, we may need additional information about you and others who may have an interest in your transaction.  We may obtain non-public personal information about you from some or all of the following sources:
Financial Information, such as credit history, banking information, and account numbers;
Public Records, such as a drivers license number, liens, bankruptcies, judgments, probate, divorces, and other civil and criminal court proceedings;
Consumer Reporting Agencies, such as credit reports;
Employment Information, such as your occupation and employer; and
General Information, such as birth date, social security number, phone, fax, email, street, and mailing address.
What Does Creative Finance & Investments Do with Information Collected About Me?
With information collected, Creative Finance & Investments does the following:
Reviews the information collected about you when researching and evaluating a transaction,
Maintains this information in our contract records and may use it for purposes related to real estate loans, buying payment streams and collecting pledged or assigned payments, and
Potentially uses this information to identify opportunities for you to learn more about products and services that may be of interest to you.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Creative Finance & Investments does not lease, sell, or share personal data or information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you’ve requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with CREATIVE FINANCE & INVESTMENTS under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help CREATIVE FINANCE & INVESTMENTS communicate with you about offers from CREATIVE FINANCE & INVESTMENTS. These companies do not have any independent rights to use this information. We respond to court orders, subpoenas, or legal process, to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We believe it is necessary to share information to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, suspected fraud, terms of use violations, and as otherwise required by law. We transfer information about you if CREATIVE FINANCE & INVESTMENTS is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, CREATIVE FINANCE & INVESTMENTS will give notice before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Our Former Customers
We manage information about our previous customers in the same respectful manner as we handle information about our current customers.
Updates to Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy will be posted on the website. We will provide written notice of any revised policy to current customers and those customers whose nonpublic personal information we share as described above. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time.
If you have any questions about the information in this notice, please email us at Info@CREATIVE-FINANCE.com or call us toll free at 1-800-999-4809.
We value your relationship… and we work diligently every day to honor the trust you place in us.
Summary
The information we obtain is used for the purpose of evaluating and closing a transaction.
FAST APPROVALS
Call us direct with your scenario, or click on Loan request or Sell my Contract Bid Request
QUICK CLOSING
We get you to the closing table fast.
No financials required.
Not credit driven.
Over 35 years of experience in the industry.
It all adds up the easiest closing you’ll ever have!
RESPECT FOR PRIVACY
We do not share your information with any party other than for the purpose of completing the Contract Purchase or Loan.
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Website Design by Bigfork Web Development, Inc.