https://creativebeartech.com/content/privacy-policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Creative Bear Tech ("us", "we", or "our") operates https://creativebeartech.com (the "Site"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.IntroductionCREATIVE BEAR TECH (creativebeartech.com) provides B2B Data Lists and Software including CBT Web Scraper and Email Extractor and CBT Mass Email Sender. CREATIVE BEAR TECH is a business, and as such the collection and processing of your personal data is in regard to the fulfilment of our business aims.Your own personal privacy should be of importance to you and we take our position seriously. This Privacy Notice describes our policies and practices regarding the collection and use of your personal data and explains your privacy rights. We recognise that information privacy is an ongoing responsibility, and so we will from time to time update this Privacy Notice as we undertake new personal data practices or adopt new policies.Data Protection OfficerCREATIVE BEAR TECH is headquartered in London in the United Kingdom. CREATIVE BEAR TECH have not appointed an internal data protection officer as our processing is not of a type or scale that requires one. However, should you have any questions or concerns about CREATIVE BEAR TECH personal data policies or practices, you can contact us at anytime.How we collect and use (process) your personal informationPersonal information you give to us:Corporate CustomersWhen you become a customer of CREATIVE BEAR TECH or contact us regarding the services we offer, we collect information about you including (but not limited to) your name, your employer’s name, your work address (including your country location), your telephone number and your email address.We process your information under the General Data Protection Regulation Article (6)(b) to provide you will the product / service you have purchased, undertake standard business functions such as billing, and to inform you of relevant events, content, and other benefits or opportunities. CREATIVE BEAR TECH may also use this information to help us understand our customers’ needs and interests and to better tailor our products and services to meet those needs.Registered Users – Newsletters & Forum AccountsWhen you become a registered user of creativebeartech.com, we collect information about you including (but not limited to) your name, and email address. We collect these details for the purposes of sending a newsletter or allowing you to log in to the forum to post messages.We process your personal information under the General Data Protection Regulation Article (6)(b) in order to provide you with information and internet forum services. We may also process this information to undertake standard business functions and under the General Data Protection Regulation Article (6)(f) to inform you of relevant events, content, and other benefits or opportunities. CREATIVE BEAR TECH may also use this information to help us understand our customers’ needs and interests and to better tailor our products and services to meet those needs.PublicationsCREATIVE BEAR TECH offers a large range of content on our website. In addition to producing original content, we also subscribes to content produced by others which we often link to from our website. This means you may find yourself on the CREATIVE BEAR TECH website or reading an email from us and we will offer you a link to another organisation’s website where you will find content that we feel will be relevant and useful to you. At these times, you will be leaving the CREATIVE BEAR TECH website. CREATIVE BEAR TECH is not responsible or liable for content provided by these third-party websites or personal information they may happen to gather from you.You may manage your subscriptions to CREATIVE BEAR TECH newsletters by subscribing or unsubscribing at any time. If you unsubscribe from our newsletter we will still retain your email address but we will honour your preferences and not send you any further messages. If you would like your email address completely removed from our systems or if you have any difficulties managing your email or other communication preferences with CREATIVE BEAR TECH, please contact us.CREATIVE BEAR TECH uses Google Analytics to track how often people gain access to our website. We use this information in aggregate to understand what content our customers find useful or interesting to help us produce content and services to meet your needs.Your correspondence with CREATIVE BEAR TECHIf you correspond with us by email, the postal service, or other form of communication, we may retain such correspondence and the information contained in it and use it to respond to your inquiry; to notify you of CREATIVE BEAR TECH services; or to keep a record of your complaint and the like. As always, if you wish to have CREATIVE BEAR TECH “erase” your personal information or otherwise refrain from communicating with you, please contact us.Purposes for processing your dataAs explained above, CREATIVE BEAR TECH processes your data to provide you, or the company you work for, with the goods or services you have requested or purchased from us. We use this information to refine our goods and services to better tailor them to your needs and to communicate with you about other services we offer that may assist your business.Personal information we get from third partiesCREATIVE BEAR TECH does not receive personal information about individuals from third parties.What happens if you don’t give us your dataYou can enjoy much of the information on our website without giving us your personal data. Some personal information is necessary so that CREATIVE BEAR TECH can supply you with the forum service you have requested or newsletters, and to authenticate you so that we know it is you and not someone else. You may cancel your forum account or newsletter subscription at any time by emailing us.Use of the CREATIVE BEAR TECH WebsiteAs is true of most other websites, the CREATIVE BEAR TECH website collects certain information automatically and stores it in log files. The information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, the region or general location where your computer or device is accessing the internet, browser type, operating system and other usage information about the use of our website, including a history of the pages you view. We use this information to help us design our site to better suit our users’ needs. We may also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website, analyse trends, track visitor movements, and gather broad demographic information that assists us in identifying visitor preferences. CREATIVE BEAR TECH website also uses cookies, web beacons and click tracking. It does not track users when they cross to third party websites, does not provide targeted advertising to them, and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.Cookies, web beacons and click trackingCookies are pieces of data that a Web site transfers to a user’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Web beacons are transparent pixel images that are used in collecting information about website usage, e-mail response and tracking. Click tracking is a means of measuring the number of clicks a particular advert/image/banner receives.The Site uses cookies to provide enhanced functionality on the site (e.g., user ID and password prompts) and aggregate traffic data (e.g., what pages are the most popular). These cookies may be delivered in a first-party or third-party context. CREATIVE BEAR TECH may also use cookies, click tracking and web beacons in association with e-mails delivered by CREATIVE BEAR TECH. Our Site also captures limited information (user-agent, HTTP referrer, last URL requested by the user, client-side and server-side clickstream) about visits to our Site; we may use this information to analyse general traffic patterns, to perform routine system maintenance or to provide our clients with metrics related to the success of their advertising campaign. You have many choices with regards to the management of cookies on your computer. All major browsers allow you to block or delete cookies from your system. To learn more about your ability to manage cookies and web beacons, please consult the privacy features in your browser.This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purposes of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using CREATIVE BEAR TECH website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.When and how we share information with othersRegistered Users:When you register with creativebeartech.com we create an account for you and store your data in one of our UK based servers.Corporate Clients:As a client of creativebeartech.com we create an account for you and may store your data in our USA based CRM system and UK based finance system.In both cases we do not otherwise reveal your personal data to third-parties for their independent use unless: (1) you request or authorize it; (2) it’s in connection with a request, from you, for information about a service offering from one of our partner organisations; (3) the information is provided to comply with the law (for example, to comply with a search warrant, subpoena or court order), enforce an agreement we have with you, or to protect our rights, property or safety, or the rights, property or safety of our employees or others; (4) the information is provided to our agents, vendors or service providers who perform functions on our behalf; (5) to address emergencies or acts of God; or (6) to address disputes, claims, or to persons demonstrating legal authority to act on your behalf. We may also gather aggregated data about our customers and Site visitors and disclose the results of such aggregated (but not personally identifiable) information to our partners, service providers, advertisers and/or other third parties for marketing or promotional purposes.The CREATIVE BEAR TECH website uses interfaces with social media sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and others. If you choose to “like” or share information from the CREATIVE BEAR TECH website through these services, you should review the privacy policy of that service. If you are a member of a social media site, the interfaces may allow the social media site to connect your site visit to your personal data.Data subject rightsThe European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation and other countries’ privacy laws provide certain rights for data subjects. A good explanation of them (in English) is available on the website of the United Kingdom’s Information Commissioner’s Office.This Privacy Notice is intended to provide you with information about what personal data CREATIVE BEAR TECH collects about you and how it is used. If you have any questions, please contact us.If you wish to confirm that CREATIVE BEAR TECH is processing your personal data, or to have access to the personal data we may have about you, please contact us.You may also request information about: the purpose of the processing; the categories of personal data concerned; who else outside of CREATIVE BEAR TECH might have received the data from us; what the source of the information was (if you didn’t provide it directly to us); and how long it will be stored. You have a right to correct (rectify) the record of your personal data maintained by us if it is inaccurate. You may request that we erase that data or cease processing it, subject to certain exceptions. You may also request that CREATIVE BEAR TECH cease using your data for direct marketing purposes. In many countries, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about how CREATIVE BEAR TECH processes your personal data. When technically feasible, CREATIVE BEAR TECH will — at your request — provide your personal data to you or transmit it directly to another controller.What legal basis do creativebeartech.com rely on to process personal information?Consent (this can be withdrawn at any time)To fulfil a contract (either a paid for clients or providing a newsletter with news featured on our website)Legitimate interest (including relevant and tailored communications related to contracting and selling and supplying advertising services to our customers)Legal Obligations (to comply with any legal representations)Security of your informationTo help protect the privacy of data and personally identifiable information you transmit through use of this Site, we maintain a range of physical, technical and administrative safeguards. We update and test our security technology on an ongoing basis. We restrict access to your personal data to those employees and clients who need to know that information to provide benefits or services to you. In addition, we train our employees about the importance of confidentiality and maintaining the privacy and security of your information. We commit to taking appropriate disciplinary measures to enforce our employees’ privacy responsibilities.Data storage and retentionYour personal data is stored by CREATIVE BEAR TECH on its servers, and (if you are a business customer) on the servers of the Customer Relationship Management company that we engage, located in the United States. CREATIVE BEAR TECH retains data for the duration of the users or business relationship with us. For more information on where and how long your personal data is stored, and for more information on your rights of erasure and portability, please contact our privacy officer.Changes and updates to the Privacy NoticeBy using this site, you agree to the terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Notice and Conditions of Use and/or any other agreement that we might have with you. If you do not agree to any of these terms and conditions, you should not use this site or any CREATIVE BEAR TECH services. You agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Notice and Conditions of Use, or any other agreement we have with you, will be governed by the laws of the United Kingdom.As our business changes from time to time, this Privacy Notice and Conditions of Use is expected to change as well. We reserve the right to amend the Privacy Notice and Conditions of Use at any time, for any reason, without notice to you, other than the posting of the amended Privacy Notice and Conditions of Use at this Site. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and terms and conditions and will e-mail customers of material changes thereto, but you should check our site frequently to see the current Privacy Notice and Conditions of Use that is in effect and any changes that may have been made to it. The provisions contained herein supersede all previous notices or statements regarding our privacy practices and the terms and conditions that govern the use of this site.Questions, concerns or complaintsPlease contact our privacy officer.