https://credithelp.caprocessing.com/about/privacy-policy/
888-533-3016
support@caprocessing.com
What does Consumers Alliance Processing Corporation do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number
Name
Address
E-mail
Credit account numbers
Balances
Bank accounts info
Payment histories
How?
All financial companies need to share personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their personal information; the reasons Consumers Alliance Processing Corporation chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we share your personal information
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Consumers Alliance share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes —
Such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes —
Such as to to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes —
Such as information about your transactions and experiences
No
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes —
Such as information about your creditworthiness
No
For our affiliates to market to you
No
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
What we do
How does Consumers Alliance protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to guard personal information. We restrict access to those who have a business need. We educate our employees on the importance of confidentiality.
How does Consumers Alliance collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, through your application or enrollment in a Consumers Alliance debt management plan.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
In that case, your choice will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
To limit our sharing
To limit our sharing, or if you have questions, please:
Call 888-533-3016 (Monday through Friday 8am to 5pm Pacific Time)
Vist out Contact Us page