https://crglp.com/info/privacy-policy
home
About Us
People
Portfolio
News
Contact Us
INVESTOR LOGIN
Fund I Investor Login »
Fund II Investor Login »
Fund III Investor Login »
home
About Us
People
Portfolio
News
Contact Us
Fund I Investor Login »
Fund II Investor Login »
Fund III Investor Login »
Privacy Policy
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Thank you for visiting the website of CR Group and its affiliates (together, “CRG”, “we” or “us”) located at www.crglp.com (“Website”). This Privacy Policy seeks to help you understand whether and how we collect information about you when you visit the Website, and how we use such information.
Your visit to the Website is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.  By visiting the Website, you agree to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, which may be updated by us at any time. If we update our Privacy Policy, we will post the updated Privacy Policy here. Any such changes will be effective upon posting. You should consult the “Privacy Policy” bar on this Website each time you visit the Website. If you do not agree with it, you should not use the Website.
This Privacy Policy concerns only the Website and does not concern any site to which the Website may link. Should you choose to visit these third-party sites, you should review their privacy policies to ensure that you understand and are comfortable with their practices concerning your personally identifiable information. Similarly, this Privacy Policy does not concern your interaction with CRG in any matter other than your use of the Website. Finally, this Privacy Policy does not address our privacy practices with respect to any nonpublic personal information we may collect from you as an investor in us or in funds that we sponsor or manage. We address these practices in separate notices to investors or potential investors.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@crglp.com, CRG L.P., 1000 Main Street, Suite 2500, Houston, TX 77002, (713) 209-7350.
Information We Collect
When you enter and browse the Website, we may collect information you provide to us, and information we collect through technology.
Information You Provide to Us
In order to obtain access to certain information or materials provided via the Website, you may have to provide information that we collect and store in a way that allows us to relate it to you personally, including but not limited to your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, facsimile number and the type of investor you are (e.g., individual, analyst, broker). We refer to such information as personally identifiable information. Additionally, we may collect and retain a record of all communications with you.
Information We Collect Through Technology
We may collect information about you through technology. For example, we may collect your IP address each time you request a page during a visit to the Website. (An IP address is often associated with the portal through which you enter the Internet.) At times, we may also use IP addresses to collect information regarding the frequency with which users browse various parts of the Website.
The Website may also use other technical methods to track and analyze the traffic patterns on the Website, such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of the Website. These technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf. We may also use these technical methods in HTML e-mails that we send our Website users to determine whether such users have opened those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those e-mails. We may collect the information from use of these technical methods in a form that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and How We Use Them
Cookies are small text files that may be placed on your browser when you visit our web site. Cookies are used primarily for administrative purposes, to improve your experience with our web site. For instance, when you return to the Website after logging in, cookies provide information to the Website, including personal information, so that the Website will remember who you are.
CRG.com uses cookies primarily to capture anonymous analytics to improve our web site experience and performance. This includes compiling statistical information concerning, among other things, the frequency of use of our site, the pages visited, and the length of each visit, as well as information about your computer, operating system, browser, language, and country. We do not use cookies to store any personal information that could be read or understood by others.
Using the settings of your Internet browser, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. Consult your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you choose to turn off cookies, you may not have access to many features make your browsing of our Website smoother, and some of our services may not function properly. You may at any time delete any cookies set by using the relevant option of your Internet browser or by deleting the cookies on your hard drive. If you would like to modify your browser to notify you when you receive a new cookie or to disable cookies altogether, please refer to Managing Cookies.
If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you accept receipt of all cookies on the CRG website.
Our Use of Your Personally Identifiable Information
CRG does not disclose any nonpublic personally identifiable information about its Website users to any nonaffiliated third party, except as set forth below.
We may use or disclose certain personally identifiable information we collect about you when you visit and browse the Site as part of our normal business operations, or to send you administrative communications either about your interactions with us or about features of the Website, including any future changes to this Privacy Policy.
We may also use service providers to facilitate our services or platform functions on our behalf. These companies and individuals may have access to your personally identifiable information, as needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for another purpose.
We will use or disclose personally identifiable information when we believe that such disclosures are required by law, regulation, legal process, subpoena, document request or governmental request. For example it may be necessary, under anti-money laundering and similar laws, to disclose information about investors in order to accept subscriptions from them. We may also do so to help enforce our Terms of Use, protect your safety or security, including the safety and security of property that belongs to you, or protect the safety and security of our websites, databases or third parties, including the safety and security of tangible or intangible property that belongs to us or to third parties. Also, in the event that CRG, or substantially all of the assets of CRG or one or more of its businesses, are acquired or merged with another entity, whether an affiliate or a third party, user information may be one of the transferred assets. We may transfer all user information (which may include personally identifiable information) to our acquirers or successors. CRG, however, reserves the right to use any personally identifiable information in any manner permitted by law.
How We Use Your Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Non-personally identifiable information is information that does not personally identify you, including anonymous information and aggregate data. We may use this information to understand better how our visitors use the Website, research our visitors’ demographics, interests, and behavior, improve the Website, provide visitors with customized services and information, and for other similar purposes. We may combine this information with personally identifiable information. We may share this information with others, such as investors, for information or promotional purposes, and may use this information in any manner permitted by law, but any disclosure that identifies you personally will be governed above.
Protection of Information
We endeavor to protect your personally identifiable information. We use technical, administrative and physical methods to maintain the integrity and security of our databases, including firewalls. Please be aware though that there is no such thing as “perfect security” on the Internet, and third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. We will not be responsible or liable for any damages, losses or causes of action arising out of or in connection with the disclosure of your personally identifiable information.
Do Not Track
CRG does not track its customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals. However, some third party sites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. If you are visiting such sites, your browser allows you to set the DNT signal so that third parties (particularly advertisers) know you do not want to be tracked. You should consult the help pages of your browser to learn how to set your preferences so that websites do not track you.
Children
Although this Website is not targeted toward children, we are concerned about the safety and privacy of children who use the Internet. If a child under 13 has provided personally identifiable information to us through the Website, a parent or guardian may inform us at the address for legal notices above, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete it from our database, subject to applicable law and this Privacy Policy.
International Use
CRG makes no claims that materials on the Website are appropriate or may be downloaded for use in locations outside the United States. Access to the Website from countries or territories where such access is illegal is prohibited. Furthermore, our databases are located in the United States. If you access this website from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk. By sending us your data, you consent to its transfer to and storage within the United States. Those who access the Website from outside the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, rules and regulations.
Limitation of Liability and Disclaimers
CRG its affiliates and their respective officers, directors, managers, partners, members, shareholders, employees, affiliates and agents (collectively “Related Persons”) make no representations or warranties and specifically disclaim any and all warranties of any kind, express or implied, with respect to the Website and the Content, including any representations or warranties with respect to merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement, availability, security, accuracy, freedom from viruses or malware, completeness, timeliness, functionality, reliability, sequencing or speed of delivery. Your use of the Website and the Content is on an “as is” and “as available” basis.
In no event shall CRG, its affiliates or their Related Persons be liable to any party for any claims, liabilities, losses, costs or damages under any theory, including but not limited to any direct, indirect, punitive, special, incidental, or consequential damages arising out of in connection with any access, use (or inability to use) or distribution of the Website, or any Content therein. This is true even if CRG has been advised of the possibility of such damages or losses.
E-mail and Marketing
Individuals who complete the registration process to access the CRG Website and investor portal are at the same time granting CRG permission to send them e-mail messages for marketing and general communication purposes at the e-mail address they have provided. CRG does not sell its customers' e-mail addresses, nor will we provide your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes. CRG will not send you e-mail messages without first receiving your permission, unless it relates to servicing your account or unless you have consented to receiving electronic delivery of fund documents as part of our service. It is our policy to include instructions for unsubscribing from these permission-based programs. We recommend that you do not send us any individual personal information via non-secure methods of correspondence, including via public electronic communication channels, such as Internet e-mail, which are generally not secure.
Governing Law and Forum
The laws of the State of Texas govern these Terms of Use. Any dispute relating to these Terms of Use or your use of the Website shall be resolved solely in the state or federal courts located in Houston. You agree to waive trial by jury in any such action.
Last updated September 2017.
© CRG 2020 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
© CR GROUP 2020 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Contact Us
|
Privacy Policy |
TERMS AND CONDITIONS