https://crosstimbersland.com/privacy-policy/
Current Land for Sale
Customized Property Marketing
See What We’ve Sold
By accessing or using this site, you agree to the terms, conditions and notices contained herein.
NO OFFER OR SOLICITATION
No federal, state or other agency has judged the merits or value, if any, of the properties listed.  This is not an offer or solicitation of an offer where prohibited by law.
VOID WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW
This site does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy real property. The materials provided at this site are strictly for information purposes as a service to internet users and shall not be construed as an offer or solicitation in any jurisdiction where prior registration or other advance qualification is required.  All of our responses are subject to the qualification.
LIABILITY DISCLAIMER
The information presented on this site has been compiled by Cross Timbers Land, LLC from internal and external sources.  However, no representation is made or warranty given as to the completeness or accuracy of such information.  In particular, you should be aware that this information may be incomplete, may contain errors or may be out of date.  All prices, plans, designs, dimension, specifications, materials and other depictions, as well as the number, type, size, location, appearance and availability of facilities and amenities, are subject to change without notice.  You should contact Cross Timbers Land to verify information obtained from this site before you act upon it.  Cross Timbers Land, and its agents or affiliates shall not be liable for any damages or injury resulting from your access to, or inability to access this site, or from your reliance on any information provide in this site.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
The site may contain links to third party web sites (“Linked Sites”).  The linked sites are not under the control of Cross Timbers Land and Cross Timbers Land is not responsible for the contents of any linked site, including without limitation any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to a linked site. Cross Timbers Land is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any linked site nor are they responsible if the linked Site is not working appropriately.  Cross Timbers Land is providing these links to you only as a convenience and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of the site, its contents or any association with its operators.
CHANGES TO SITE
We may make improvements or changes in the information, services. products and other material on this site or terminate this site at any time without notice.  Modifications to these Terms of Use may be made and posted at any time.  Accordingly, you agree to review these Terms of Use periodically, and your continued access or use of the site shall be deemed your acceptance of the modified Terms of Use.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
Cross Timbers Land collect personal information when you register with Cross Timbers Land, when you use Cross Timbers Land products or services and when you visit Cross Timbers Land pages.  When you register we may ask for information, not limited to your name, email address, mailing address and zip code.  Once you register with Cross Timbers Land and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.  Cross Timbers Land collects information about your transactions with us, including information about your use of products and services that we offer.  Cross Timbers Land automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including you IP address, Cross Timbers Land cookie information and the pages you request.  Cross Timbers Land uses information for the general purposes of fulfilling you request for products and services, improving our service and to contact you.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
Cross Timbers Land does not rent, sell or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you have requested.
COOKIES
Cross Timbers Land may set and access Cross Timbers Land cookies on your computer.