https://crosschannelproductions.com/privacy
Skip to content
HomePrivacy
PRIVACY POLICYWe recognise that respecting user privacy over the Internet is of utmost importance. This privacy statement is designed to provide information about the privacy and data collection practices for the site: crosschannelproductions.com which is owned by Cross Channel Entertainments Ltd at the address below.32 Y MaesCaernarfonLL55 2NN
Identifying InformationIn general you can visit this Site without telling us who you are or providing any information about yourself. In some areas of the Site we ask you to provide information that will enable us to process an enquiry, to help you in some other way or to follow up with you (with your consent). Generally, we request identifying information when you:Request a Quotation.Send an on-line Enquiry Form.Provide feedback to an on-line survey or tell us about an idea or suggestion.Request information to be posted to you.
In these instances we will ask for your name, email address, phone number and other appropriate information needed to provide you with these services.
How We Will Use Your InformationIf you choose to give us personal information for any of the purposes above, this information is retained by us and will only be used to support your customer relationship with us. The information you provide will be held by us whilst you are a customer, however you also have the right to request that we delete/remove the details we hold about you at any time (see below).
Cookies.Cookies are small text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.
This site sets the following cookies:
Category: Necessary (1)Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secureareas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies
Category: Statistics (1)Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reportinginformation anonymously.
Category: Marketing (4)Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant andengaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Access To Your Information and CorrectionsYou have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email or write to us at the address below.We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct information you think is inaccurate or for your information to be removed.
What Others May Do With Your Information
We do not share, rent, or sell any personally identifying information provided through our Sites (such as your name or email address) to any outside organisation for use in its marketing or solicitations.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties only:In the Artists representation process to prospective employers o for artistic projects.In the event we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we might disclose your personal data to the prospective buyer or seller.If we are under a legal duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with or meet any legal obligation.
Third Party LinksWe do provide links to other sites. Other Internet sites and services have separate privacy and data collection practices. Once you leave crosschannelproductions.com, we cannot control, and have no responsibility for, the privacy policies or data collection activities at another site.
Changes To Our Privacy PolicyWe keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 24/05/2018.
How To Contact UsPlease contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you:by emailcontact@crosschannelproductions.comor by post to: Cross Channel Entertainments Ltd , 32 Y Maes, Caernarfon, LL55 2NN , United Kingdom
CCP ACT OF THE WEEKARTISTSBANDSDUOSSOLO FEMALE SINGERS/PERFORMERSSOLO MALE SINGERS/PERFORMERSPIANISTSCLASSICAL & INSTRUMENTALISTSCOMEDYSPECIALITYTRIBUTESKIDS ENTERTAINERSFLAMENCO & LATINPIANO BAR DUOSCELEBRITIESCELEBRITY APPEARANCES
Studio
RECORDING STUDIOS COSTA DEL SOL
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
necessary
Always Enabled
non-necessary