http://crownva.com/privacy
PRIVACY POLICY
This notice is provided pursuant to the Privacy of Consumer Financial Information Act and the Federal Trade Commission's implementing regulation thereunder, 16 CFR Part 313.1.    Crown Mortgage (Crown) collects nonpublic personal information about borrowers from the following sources:  Information received on applications or other forms; Information about your transactions with us or others; and Information received from consumer reporting agencies.   2.    Crown does not disclose any nonpublic personal information about our customers or former customers to anyone, except as permitted by law.   3.    Crown restricts access to nonpublic personal information only to those employees who need to know the information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your nonpublic personal information.Basic Principles:
We respect our current and former customer’s right to keep all personal information confidential and secure from fraud.   We do not disclose account numbers to any non-affiliated third parties for telemarketing, direct mail marketing or electronic mail marketing.   We have established standards and procedures to insure the security and confidentiality of customer records, to protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of customer records, and to protect against unauthorized access to or use of customer records which could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to the customer.   We educate and train our employees on the importance of confidentiality and customer privacy.Licensing
Crown Mortgage is an equal housing mortgage broker headquartered in Charlottesville, VA. Crown is licensed to engage in mortgage business in the Commonwealth of Virginia.  License number MB-2907.External Links Disclaimer
The appearance of external hyperlinks does not constitute endorsement by Crown of the linked web sites, or the information, products or services contained therein. Crown bears no responsibility for the accuracy, legality or content of the external site or for that of subsequent links. Contact the external site for answers to questions regarding its content.
Safeguard and Disposal Policy
To comply with FTC guidelines, Crown has instituted a Safeguard and Disposal Policy.  The goal of this policy is to protect the confidentiality and integrity of personal information of past, present and potential clients of Crown.
Crown has appointed a Safeguard and Security Officer to oversee the company's Safeguard and Disposal Policy.  If you have questions about how we protect your data please contact Michael Martin at michael@crownmortgage.com.
Got a Question?
Do you have a question? We can help. Simply fill out the form below and we'll contact you with the answer, with no obligation to you. We guarantee your privacy.
Your Information
* Name:
* Email:
Phone:
Your Question
Question:
SMS Messaging:
By checking the box, you agree that Crown Mortgage may call/text you about your inquiry, which may involve use of automated means and prerecorded/artificial voices.. Message/data rates may apply.
Submit