https://crsth.com/about/privacy-policy/
CRS Temporary Housing Privacy Policy
Temporary Housing, Inc., an Arizona corporation, d/b/a CRS Temporary Housing (“CRS”, “we”, “us”, “our) is committed to protecting your privacy and personal information that you provide to us when using our website or services. This privacy policy (this “Policy”) explains how we gather and use the information that we collect during your visit to our website and use of our services. This Policy may change over time, so please be sure to reread it from time to time. Amendments, modifications or changes to this Policy will be posted at this URL and will be effective when posted. Your continued use of our website or services following the posting of any amendment, modifications or change to this Policy shall constitute your acceptance thereof. If you do not agree with the terms in this Policy, please do not use our website or services and do not provide any information to us.
Authorized Users
Our website and services are not directed to and are not intended for access and use by persons under the age of 18. We do not intentionally collect or use personal information from users that we have reason to believe are under the age of 18.
Information Collected
As you navigate within our website and use our services, we will collect and track your information, either by asking you to tell us something about yourself (such as your name, address or e-mail address) or by using data-tracking software which records your IP address and tells us what parts of the website you have browsed.
We do not use our website or services to collect any personally identifiable information about you other than what you provide voluntarily for various purposes. In connection with certain services provided by CRS, you may need to create an account. In such event, we will ask for personal information so that we can provide the services you request. “Personal Information” includes information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual, which may include, but is not limited to: name; postal address (including billing and shipping addresses); telephone number; email address; identification information such as usernames and user IDs; the employer or company with which an individual is associated and his or her role and title; user profile information; geo-location information; information about any computer or mobile device with which you access our website; and information about your use of the website. Information we collect is intended to be limited to where you are acting on behalf of an entity or business and when the communication or transaction occurs solely within the context of conducting due diligence regarding, or providing or receiving a product or service to or from your entity or business and us.
We may use anonymized (or de-identified information), that was derived from Personal Information, but in its anonymized form cannot be identified with a specific individual. This de-identified information is not considered Personal Information for purposes of this Policy and is not covered by this Policy. However, if such information is used or formatted in such a way that it is possible for that information to be identified with a specific individual, then it will be considered Personal Information as appropriate.
If you choose not to provide any Personal Information about yourself, we may not be able to fulfill a request you may have. If you provide Personal Information, you agree to provide complete and accurate information in connection with your registration and to promptly notify us of any changes in the registration information.
Use of Information
CRS may use your Personal Information to enhance your website experience, to determine eligibility for special offers, for introduction of new services, and as otherwise provided for in this Policy. CRS may use your Personal Information to send you information that we think will be useful to you. You may opt-out of receiving future mailings from CRS by following the instructions set forth in the opt-out section below. Your Personal Information may be used to contact you when necessary for your use of our website or services either by online electronic communications (such as e-mail), or by regular mail or telephone.
Occasionally third parties may be used to verify your contact information that you provide to us or to verify the existence or condition of your account with a financial institute, credit bureau, insurance provider, or other third-party. In certain circumstances, we may share your Personal Information with service partners that need access to your Personal Information to provide operational or other support services. We also may provide your Personal Information to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable law or when we otherwise believe in our sole discretion that the law requires it. In the event of a sale of all or part of CRS or the ownership interest in CRS, we may share your Personal Information as part of the transaction.
Anonymous Information
We will also be collecting and tracking information about activities on our website, however we will not know or keep track of precisely who you are as you use our services or website. The data is used to track what areas of the website are most frequently used to help us improve the website and services in the future.
Our website may use “cookies” and similar means to collect statistical information. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and are designed to be read only by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. We use cookies to identify your browser as you visit pages on our website. Cookies created on your computer by using our website do not contain personally identifiable information and do not compromise your privacy or security. Cookies allow us to gather anonymous information. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the features of this website.
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website.
Security
While there is no such thing as “perfect security” on the Internet, we will take reasonable steps to insure the safety of your Personal Information. Personally, identifiable information is stored on our server and is not publicly accessible. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we take reasonable precautions and have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Although we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining this information. We are not responsible for any breach of its security or for the actions of any third parties that may obtain any Personal Information. You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate security for or otherwise interfering with the operation of the website. We do not make, and expressly disclaim, any representation or warranty, express or implied, regarding the security or integrity of the website and your Personal Information.
Other Websites; Links
Our website contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website. Links to other websites do not imply endorsement of the materials disseminated at those websites. CRS is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other website. If you want to know the privacy policies of the other website, please refer to the sponsoring organization of the website in question. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked websites as their privacy policy may differ from ours. We are not responsible for the materials contained at any website linked to this site.
Consent
By visiting our website and accessing our services, you expressly consent to the collection and use by CRS of Personal Information according to this Policy.
Choice; Opt-Out
You may opt-out of receiving further communications from CRS and allowing CRS to share your Personal Information with third-parties by sending an e-mail to info@crsth.com. You may also request to have your Personal Information deleted from our systems by sending an email request to info@crsth.com. You are responsible for contacting us if you wish to opt-out or request your Personal Information be deleted. We are not required to comply with a request to delete if it is necessary for us to maintain the Personal Information in order to, for example, complete a transaction, detect security incidents, comply with a legal obligation, or otherwise use the Personal Information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which the consumer provided the information.
If you are a California resident, you the right to request that we disclose what Personal Information we have collected about you. You may submit a request by email to info@crsth.com. If we determine that your request is subject to an exemption, we will notify you of our determination. If you submit a request we determine if your request is subject to an exemption or we will comply with your request upon verification of your identity and, to the extent applicable, the identity of the California resident on whose behalf you are making such request. We will not discriminate against California residents if they exercise any of the rights as described in this section.
Correct; Update
CRS allows you to correct or update Personal Information previously provided by you. To make such request, please send an e-mail to info@crsth.com. We will use all reasonable measures to ensure that your information is corrected or removed in our records.
Governing Law and Enforcement of Privacy Policy
Use of this website is governed by United States law and the laws of the State of Arizona. If you are accessing the website or services from a physical location outside of the United States with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure that are different from United States laws, you agree that by accessing the website or services, you are transferring your Personal Information to the United States and you consent to the application of the laws of the United States and the State of Arizona with respect to use of the website and services and any dispute regarding the website or this Policy. You further consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Arizona. If any provision of this Policy is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable, or in conflict with any applicable law, the validity of the remaining portions or provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
California Do Not Track Disclosures; Shine the Light Law
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Policy or the practices of this website, you can e-mail us at info@crsth.com.
Share this!
Portal
×
Choose Your Portal
Adjuster Portal
Policyholder Portal