https://csfllc.com/terms-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Terms & Privacy Policy
This website is owned, operated and maintained by Cashin Spinelli & Ferretti, LLC (CSF). This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our service.
If you choose to use this website, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving programs offered. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of our programs that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive. Our website uses these “cookies” to collection information and to improve our website. Cashin Spinelli & Ferretti, LLC only uses your personal information for the original purposes it was given. Your personal information will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without your approval at the time of collection. Cashin Spinelli & Ferretti, LLC will not disclose, use, give or sell any personal information to third parties for any purposes unless required to do so by law. Further, Cashin Spinelli & Ferretti, LLC reserves the right to contact you regarding matters relevant to the underlying service provided and/or the information collected. Cashin Spinelli & Ferretti, LLC may disclose Contact Information in special cases where we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our terms and conditions of use or may be causing injury or interference with our rights, property, our customers or anyone who could be harmed by such activities.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy please contact us.
Home
About
Services
Projects
CE Classes
Contact