http://cshore.ca/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
C-Shore Communications Inc – Personal Information and Privacy Policy
At C-Shore Communications Inc (http://http://cshore.ca) we take your privacy as seriously as we take our own, and each of our staff members stands by the following policies.
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures designed to safeguard and secure the information we collect. Although no system can achieve 100% security, our standards are at or above industry norms.
If you have any complaints or inquiries about this policy or about your Personal Information that we have collected you should contact our offices by phone, fax or e-mail so we can investigate and address your inquiry immediately. You can also send postal mail to C-Shore Communications Inc at 258-1917 West 4th Avenue Vancouver, BC, Canada V6J 1M7.
1. General Privacy Policy
The following policy is part of our firm commitment to protect any personal information (“Personal Information”) that you may provide to us through this Web Site or by any other means.
This privacy policy complies with the “Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act” implemented January 1, 2004 for all organizations within Canada according to the Privacy Commissioner of Canada. We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting notice on this Web Site (http://cshore.ca) and only the current Privacy Policy may be deemed effective.
Please note that this privacy policy does not apply to other Web Sites linked through this Web Site. Personal Information that you choose to provide to other Web Sites will be subject to the privacy policies of those Web Sites.
a. We will not collect your Personal Information without the following:
(i) your knowledge and informed consent
(ii) providing you with a clear explanation of what information is being collected and why we are collecting it
b. We will not use or disclose your Personal Information unless you have given your permission, except for the following purposes:
(i) to assess, operate and improve this Web Site and the services provided through it;
(ii) to keep you informed about our organization, our services or this Web Site;
(iii) if we are required to disclose such Personal Information by any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
We will not sell, trade or rent your Personal Information to others unless you have given your permission. With your permission, we will only share your Personal Information with carefully chosen, reputable and trustworthy third parties. We will follow the relevant legal requirements and use all reasonable precautions to ensure that only responsible third parties see your Personal Information. However, we are not responsible for any breach of security or act or omission of third parties who receive the Personal Information.
C-Shore Communications Inc maintains security measures intended to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information we collect. Our security systems include authenticated access to internal databases, audits of procedures, and regular reviews of overall Web security. Paper files will be secured with physical locks and computer data will be secured behind industry-recognized security safeguards such as firewalls.
Upon your request, we will provide access to any of your Personal Information that we have collected upon verification of your identity as well as providing a method for you to submit corrections or updates to your Personal Information.
2. Privacy for Electronic Mail Subscribers
We consider our customers’ mailboxes and the content of all messages to be private. Individual mailboxes may fall under the jurisdiction of a particular individual’s employer and therefore be additionally regulated by that employer’s corporate e-mail policies. C-Shore Communications Inc recognizes and supports the employer’s right to all information sent via corporate e-mail.
a. We do not monitor or disclose e-mail messages unless we believe we must do so:
(i) To enforce our e-mail Terms and Conditions,
(ii) Because we are required to do so by law, or
(iii) To defend C-Shore Communications Inc in any legal action or to protect the property of C-Shore Communications Inc. Additionally, our subscribers must agree to respect the privacy and confidentiality of others. Since privacy is, in part, a function of our customers’ passwords, we encourage them to change their passwords frequently and to not share them with anyone.
3. Privacy for Web Site Users
Our Web server automatically records a visitor’s IP address. We use the IP address to identify server problems and administer our Web Site, and to analyze click-stream data to better understand user behaviour. We use server log data to help administer, analyze and measure access to our information products and services.
Please note that this privacy policy does not apply to other Web Sites linked through this Web Site. Personal Information that you choose to provide to other Web Sites will be subject to the privacy policies of those Web Sites.
This Web Site may, from time to time, use Cookies. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web Site transfers to your computer’s hard disk for record keeping purposes and they allow for a more personalized Internet experience by storing information about your preferences on a particular site. The use of Cookies is normal practice in the industry and many major Web Sites use them to provide useful features for their customers. Cookies do not personally identify users but they do identify a user’s computer. Most browsers are initially set to accept Cookies. If you prefer, you can set your Internet browser to refuse Cookies.
If you have any complaints or inquiries about this policy or about your Personal Information that we have collected you should contact our offices by phone, fax or e-mail so we can investigate and address your inquiry immediately.