http://ctsi-courtnetwork.org/privacy-policy/
About CTSI
FAQ’s
Helpful Links
Take Our Survey
File A Complaint
Employment
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
California Traffic Safety Institute (CTSI) has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for California Traffic Safety Institute (CTSI).
Private Information: We collect: a) e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, b) information volunteered by the consumer, such as traffic school information and/or contact requests. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Website, and improve the quality of California traffic school programs. The information we collect is not shared with other organizations for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you supply us with your postal address, it will only be used for the purpose for which you provided us your address. If you supply us with your telephone number(s), you will only receive telephone contact from us with information for which you provided us with your telephone number(s).
Security: To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. The site and the software have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Translate:
Live Support
Find
A Traffic School If your county is not listed, pleaseclick here.
Alameda County
Amador County
El Dorado County
Fresno County
Imperial County
Inyo County
Kern County
Kings County
Los Angeles Federal
Madera County
Mariposa County
Merced County
Mono County
Monterey County
Nevada County
Orange County
Placer County
San Bernardino County
San Luis Obispo County
San Luis Obispo Federal
San Mateo County
Santa Barbara County
Santa Barbara Federal
Santa Clara County
Shasta County
Sonoma County
Tulare County
Tuolumne County
Ventura Federal
Yolo County
Quick LinksHome
About CTSI
FAQ’s
Helpful Links
Employment
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Contact Us
Recent Posts
Important Laws
Make this Summer a Safe One
Advice for Winter Driving
Common Sense Safety Tips for Summer Travel
April is Distracted Driving Awareness Month
Search This Site
© 2020 . All Rights Reserved.