http://curvaturegroup.co.uk/wp/privacy-policy/
About Curvature Group Ltd.
Visitors to our website, http://curvaturegroup.co.uk should be aware that our web site is monitored and may capture information about your visit which will help us improve the quality of our services, our website and our relationships with customers.
We respect your privacy and will not disclose any personal information or information about you, your business or your browsing history, to any organisation other than our own. We do not sell your personal data.
The following Privacy Statement outlines how the information is collected and how it is used by us.  Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions or concerns you may have at any time.
How we collect information:
Directly from you when you email, call or write to us,Indirectly from you when you visit this site,When you respond to one of our emails, social media posts or other promotion.
What information do we collect?
When you contact us directly we can collect (depending on the information provided): your company, name, address, telephone and email details. In addition, we also may collect:
personal data that you provide by completing forms on the Website, including if you sign up to receive our newsletter or attend one of training events, search for a product, place an order on the Website, request any information, or enter into any competition or promotion;if you register or create account with us, your log-in and password details;information contained in messages when you post on our social media pages;information contained in communications you send to us, for example when you report a problem or to submit queries, concerns or comments regarding the Website or its content; anddata from surveys that we may, from time to time, run on the Website for research purposes, if you choose to respond to, or participate in, them
Indirectly, we can record which pages on the site you visit, how you were directed to the website, and which emails or other promotions you responded to.
Why do we collect it?
To improve the our website by determining how it is being used,To understand and monitor interaction with our content,To measure traffic to our website and from which channels.to conduct our internal business and management processes, for example accounting or auditing purposes; andfor any other purposes that you would reasonably expect.to provide you with information about other products we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes;
Where do we store personal data?
The personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, locations outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Where servers of our third party service providers are located in a country outside of the EEA, these countries may not have similar data protection laws to the UK.
Cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by the websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
How do cookies work?
The use of cookies is now standard for most websites. The information stored by cookies allows people to use the details to tailor pages specific to users or the page can use the data in the cookie to carry information from one visit to the website or related site, to the next. Cookies only use data that has been volunteered by the user or that a webserver already has stored.
Web Analytics
We use Google Analytics to monitor website performance and at no point will Google Analytics be used to track or collect personally identifiable information of visitors to the site. We may also collect information about your IP address which may be used to detect the organisation or ISP connecting to the site. If you are a returning visitor to our website, this information will be identified as will how you were directed to the website. For more information, please visit https://policies.google.com/privacy/partners?hl=en-GB&gl=uk
How can these cookies be disabled?
If you are uncomfortable with the use of cookies, you can manage and control them through your browser, including removing cookies by deleting them from your ‘browser history’ (cache) when you leave the site.
Information on deleting or controlling cookies is available at www.aboutcookies.org
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy or cookie policy, you may contact us using the information below.
6, 7 & 8 Harvington Park, Tunnel WayPitstone, Nr TringHerts, LU7 9GX
Contact Us 6, 7 & 8 Harvington Park, Tunnel Way
Pitstone, Nr Tring
Herts, LU7 9GX
Email info@curvaturegroup.co.uk
Phone +44 (0) 1296 663266
About Us We take pride in our product, and specialise in exceeding our client’s expectations with our high level of service, attention to detail and quick turnaround times whilst maintaining superb part quality and highest levels of finish.
Services
Model Making
Pattern Making
Creative Form Development
CNC Machining
Industries
Marine
Aerospace
Toy
Automotive
Full scale Transport Mock-Ups
Industrial and Product
Set and Exhibition Stands
© Copyright 2013
Website by The Detective Agency Limited
By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. Carry on browsing if you're happy with this, or 'read more' for our privacy policy.DismissPrivacy policy