https://customerdashboard.aegon.co.uk/content/help-and-support.html?tab=guides
Guides
FAQs
Customer Services
About us
Search Results
Read our guides
Results:
Next
Not found what your looking for?
If our guides can't answer your query try our FAQs or get in contact with us.
FAQs
Customer services
Frequently asked questions (FAQs)
Personal details
How do I update my personal details?
Please contact us to change any details which are incorrect. Select the 'Customer services' link under the 'Help and Support' tab at the top right of the page to get in touch.
How do I change my email address?
To change your email address firstly Sign in. Then go to Profile, select Security & Notifications, then Change email address to start the process of updating your details.
How do I change my address?
Unfortunately, at this time, you can't change your address online. To change your address, simply sign in and select the 'Help and Support' tab and choose 'Customer Services' from the drop down menu to get in touch with us so we can help.
How do I change my contact preferences?
Sign in and select 'Profile' in the top right corner of the screen and select the 'Security and Notifications' tab. From here you'll have the option to change your contact preferences under the 'Marketing communications' section.
How do I change my name?
Unfortunately you can't change your name online. To change your name, simply sign in and select the 'Profile' tab and choose 'Customer services' from the drop down menu to get in touch with us so we can help. You will need to provide us with official documentation
Where can I find all my documents once I open/activate my account?
You'll find these in each of the individual product dashboards. Simply choose the name of one of your product you want to view details on (e.g. Stocks and Shares ISA) and select the 'Documents' tab. From here, you will be able to download the documents connected with your account.
I can’t find my activation code - how do I get a new one?
Please contact us  so we can help.
What do you need to register the planholder's death?
We'll need an original death certificate, the planholder’s product number and your details so we can discuss it with you. Please contact us so we can help.
What is my customer number for?
Your customer number is used to verify your identity / account. If you've forgotten your customer number you can view this in the 'Your details' section of your Profile.
What do we mean by 'habitually resident in the UK'?
This means your main permanent residential address has to be within the United Kingdom.
How do I get a financial adviser?
You can find a financial adviser near you by using unbiased.co.uk or findanadviser.org
Please note that throughout our websites and documentation, wherever possible, we use the word ‘intermediary’ to mean both a financial adviser and an execution only broker. There will be some instances where for clarity we have to refer to financial adviser. Please bear this in mind when you see references to intermediary.
How do I add a bank account?
To add a new bank account, select ‘Bank details’ from your Profile. Select ‘Add a bank account’ to begin the process.
Who can certify a document and how do they do it?
You can make changes by contacting us. Before making any changes to your policy, we recommend that you speak to a financial adviser.
Copies of documents can be certified by one of the following people, who may charge for this service:
We accept:
Doctor/dentist;
Ministers of religion;
Teacher;
Social worker;
Credit union employee;
Post Office official (through the post office’s certification service);
Accountant;
Bank / building society employee;
Barrister / solicitor / paralegal;
Councillor;
Financial adviser;
Justice of the peace;
Member of Parliament;
Serving police officer.
The person certifying your document should write the following on the copy document:
Their name in block capitals;
The name of the company they work for and their occupation;
The statement 'I certify this to be a true likeness of the original';
and their signature and date.
See more FAQs for Personal details
Access and Security
Should I use my personal email address?
You should always use your personal email address on your account. For security reasons, you should not use your work email. This will also enable us to remain in contact regardless of your employment status. Please don't include personal or banking information when contacting us by email as this isn't a secure form of communication. Our Staying Safe guide provides more information.
How do I access my account?
To access your investments on your customer dashboard, you'll need to activate/upgrade your account. You’re required to keep your details on your customer dashboard up to date so your investment details are kept secure. You only need to activate your account once.
For new customers
If you've recently purchased an Aegon product and haven't completed your account activation, please check your personal inbox for an activation email from Aegon.
For previous Cofunds customers
If your intermediary had a Cofunds microsite, go to their original site and you'll be automatically redirected.
Then, once you've followed the 'Update your details' instructions, you'll receive email verification with an invitation to sign in to your intermediary’s site on the customer dashboard.
If you signed in directly at cofunds.co.uk then please go to customerdashboard.aegon.co.uk or you can go to cofunds.co.uk and you'll be automatically redirected.
Then, once you've followed the 'Update your details' instructions, you'll receive email verification with an invitation to sign in to your intermediary’s site on the customer dashboard.
For IPS customers
In all cases, once you have successfully signed in, remember to bookmark this page for the next time you wish to access your account.
Why haven't I receive an email with my account activation code?
If you haven't received your account verification email, please can you check your email junk folder, otherwise please contact us
How do I change my security details?
You can reset/change your password by following the option on your ‘Sign in’ page. Any other security details can't be changed online at present, instead, simply sign in and select the 'Help and Support' tab and choose 'Customer Services' from the drop down menu to get in touch with us so we can help.
How do I change my password?
If you want to change your password, please sign out of your account and go back to the Sign in page. You will see a prompt 'Need help signing in?'. Select this link, and then follow the option for 'I've upgraded my account and forgotten my password?'.
If you think the security of your account has been compromised please contact us immediately.
What should I do if I think my account details may have been compromised?
If you believe or know that the security of your account username and/or password has been compromised, you must contact us.
You should also change your account password as soon as possible. Sign out of your account and select the link to 'Need help signing in?' then choose the 'I've upgraded my account and forgotten my password?' link. Follow the instructions to change your password.
I've forgotten my password, what do I do?
Don't worry. Simply select "Need help with signing in?" then select "Forgotten your password or want to reset it?" and follow the instructions.
I’ve forgotten my user name, what do I do?
Don't worry. Your user name is normally your email address. However, if you're still having problems after you keying in your email address, please contact us.
How do I get to see the information that Aegon holds about me?
You have the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold on you.  When you request this information, this is known as making a Subject Access Request (SAR). In most cases, this will be free of charge, however in some limited circumstances, for example, repeated requests for further copies, we may apply an administration fee. To exercise this right, please write to Data Protection Officer, Aegon, Edinburgh Park, Lochside Crescent, Edinburgh, EH12 9SE or email dataprotection@aegon.co.uk
If contacting us by email, please don’t include any personal or banking information as email isn’t a secure form of communication.
What do you do with my personal information?
We're committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and information.
Take a look at our privacy policy to find out more.
This policy explains:
Why we need your information
What we do with it
Who we might share it with
How you can exercise your rights.
How many banks do you (Scottish Equitable plc and Cofunds Limited) hold accounts with?
We use multiple banks to hold your money. We may spread any money we hold on your behalf across those banks to help reduce the risk to your money if any one bank has financial difficulties.
The banks we currently use are:
Lloyds Bank Plc
HSBC Bank Plc
RBS
Does using an older version of my browser affect my online experience?
Yes, this could. We always try to design our websites and online systems to take advantage of all the features that modern web browsers provide. If you don’t use the latest version of your web browser, there is a chance you’re missing out of some of the features the browser has to offer. This could also affect your experience when using our website or online systems. We aim to support older versions of browsers but updating to the most up to date version will give you the best experience.
If you don’t use the most up to date version, this may also have security implications for example personal information being made public. We would always recommend you use the most up to date version.
See more FAQs for Access and Security
Contact us
What’s the best way to get in touch with you?
Simply sign in and choose 'Customer services' which is under the 'Help and Support' tab to get in touch with us.
What's your postal address?
Customer Services, Aegon, Edinburgh Park, Edinburgh, EH12 9SE
How do I make a complaint?
We hope you never have cause to complain, but if you do, please contact us by any of the methods below:
Email: CustomerExperienceComplaints@aegon.co.uk
If contacting us by email, please don't include any personal or banking information as email isn't a secure form of communication.
Write to: Complaints Department, Aegon Cofunds Administration
PO Box 17491
Edinburgh
EH12 1PB
Telephone: 0345 604 4001
Please include your product number. You can find this on your Aegon dashboard.
Who do I contact for queries relating to my Portfolio Plus SIPP and Portfolio Plus Pension?
Contact ReAssure for all queries relating to your ReAssure Portfolio Plus SIPP and ReAssure Portfolio Plus Pension, including cheques for any additional contributions.
ReAssure SIPP
2nd Floor, Fitzalan House
Fitzalan Court
Fitzalan Road
Cardiff
CF24 0EL
You can call ReAssure on 0345 646 0381 (Monday to Friday 8:30am to 5:30pm. Call charges will vary).
For product or administration queries email reassuresipp@mercer.com
As email isn't a secure method of communication, please don't send any personal, financial or banking information.
See more FAQs for Contact us
Stocks and shares ISA
Can I open an ISA without a National Insurance number?
Yes – an ISA manager can accept an application for a stocks and shares ISA, a cash ISA or an innovative finance ISA if you don’t have a National Insurance number, or you have a temporary one.
However, you must have a National Insurance number to apply for a Lifetime ISA.
You need to provide your National Insurance number during the online application process for an Aegon ISA or contact us to complete a paper form if you don’t have one.
Why do I have a cash facility within my ISA?
The cash facility lets you hold cash in your ISA. This money can be used to invest into funds, to pay charges or can be withdrawn.
You may also be able to re-direct and pay your ongoing charges from your ISA through your GIA cash facility (which is automatically set up for you when you buy an ISA from Aegon) rather than through your ISA.
How much tax will I pay?
Returns from an ISA are free from any personal liability to income tax and capital gains tax. You also don’t have to disclose them on a tax return.
The tax efficiency of ISAs is based on current rules. The current tax situation may not be maintained. The benefit of the tax treatment depends on individual circumstances.
If I change my mind, can I get a refund?
Yes. You have 30 days to cancel opening an ISA starting from the day you receive the documents with your contract details. If you cancel within this period, the payment won’t count towards your ISA allowance. However, if you cancel after the 30 day period has expired, the payment will count towards your ISA allowance.
For full information regarding your cancellation rights, please see the Key Features document for the Aegon ISA.
How do I transfer an existing ISA into my ISA?
Our transfer guide will help you with this.
How do I switch to a new fund?
Speak to your intermediary, if you have one, or contact us.
Can I still make payments to my ISA if I'm no longer resident in the UK?
No. We can only accept payments from you if you're:
a resident in the UK for tax purposes (HMRC defines 'a resident in the UK' broadly as if either you spent 183 or more days in the UK in the tax year (6 April - 5 April) or your only home was in the UK - you must have owned, rented or lived in it for at least 91 days in total - and you spent at least 30 days there in the tax year performing duties as a Crown employee serving overseas and paid out of public revenue of the UK (for example, a member of the armed forces, or a diplomat)); or
married to, or in a registered civil partnership with someone performing duties as a Crown employee serving overseas and paid out of public revenue of the UK.
How do I close my ISA?
Please contact us or your intermediary, if you have one, if you want to close your ISA.
To contact us, sign in and select the 'Help and Support' tab and choose 'Customer services' from the drop down menu.
I made a mistake during the application process. What should I do?
Simply sign in and select the 'Profile' tab and choose 'Customer services' from the drop down menu to get in touch with us so we can help.
Why is my transfer in to my account not showing up?
Transfers are currently an offline process.
If you have a transfer in progress, please contact us to find out its current position.
How can I make payments?
To make a one-off payment, sign in to your account and select 'View & manage' for the account you’re making a payment to. Then select 'Top up’ and follow the instructions to make a one-off payment by debit card, bank transfer and/or cheque.
If you want to change the contributions you’re currently making to your ISA, please contact us on 0345 604 4001 to request an illustration and an application form. Please have the following information ready:
the amount you are looking to contribute and the frequency of contribution
the names and SEDOL numbers for the funds you want to invest this contribution in
the percentage of the regular contribution you would like to invest in each fund.
There are minimum monthly amounts required for some funds - these are listed in the Key Features document:
ISA key features
Can I add money into an ISA from my general investment account (GIA)?
Yes, you can do this using your Aegon dashboard. Go to the GIA product page and select ‘More options’, then ‘Transfer money from GIA to ISA’ and follow the instructions on screen.
If you don’t already have an ISA, then one will be set up as part of this process.
We don't provide advice or personal recommendations and you should be comfortable with the decisions you're making. If you're unsure, you should seek financial advice or guidance.
Can I manage regular withdrawals from my ISA or general investment account (GIA) online?
Yes, go to the ISA or GIA product page, select ‘Manage regulars’ and follow the instructions on screen.
Can I take a one-off withdrawal from my ISA or general investment account (GIA)?
Yes, go to the ISA or GIA product page, select ‘More options’, then ’One-off withdrawal’ and follow the instructions on screen.
Can I see my remaining ISA allowance?
You can see your remaining ISA allowance on the ISA product page under the ‘Overview’ tab and as part of the ‘Manage regular contributions’ transaction.
The remaining allowance takes into account any money that you've already contributed and the value of any scheduled payments you've already set up for the current tax year. This doesn't take into account ISAs you may hold elsewhere.
Can I make one-off payments by direct debit, or do I need to do a bank transfer?
No, we only accept one off payments by bank transfer, debit card or cheque. You can make regular payments by Direct Debit.
Do you accept regular payments by bank transfer?
No, we can only accept regular payments by Direct Debit. You can make one off payments by bank transfer.
I’ve missed a regular ISA payment. How do I bring this up to date?
Simply sign in to your account to view your investments. Select 'View and manage' for the ISA you wish to bring up to date. Select 'Top up'. Follow the instructions to make a one-off payment by debit card, bank transfer and cheque.
Can I make payments from a joint bank account?
If you have a joint bank account, you must be able to give authorisation on your own to make payments.
Where can I see the charges that have been taken from my account?
When you sign in, simply select the name of one of your products (e.g. Stocks and Shares ISA) and select the 'Transactions' tab. From here, you'lll be able to view the charges taken from your account.
Is there a charge for switching funds?
No - it won't cost you anything to switch funds.
What rate of interest is payable on cash in my ISA cash facility?
The rate of interest is paid at the Bank of England base rate less 0.05%. For more information on my cash facility please read our Guide to ISA
What's the maximum amount I can pay in to an ISA?
The maximum amount (also known as the ISA allowance) for the 2020/21 tax year is:
£20,000 for a stocks and shares ISA, cash ISA and innovative finance ISA. This £20,000 covers the total amount paid into a stocks and shares ISA, cash ISA, an innovative finance ISA and a lifetime ISA.
£4,000 for a lifetime ISA. Please note, this is included in the overall ISA limit of £20,000. A lifetime ISA can’t be used to increase your limit to £24,000.
You can split your ISA allowance between a stocks and shares, cash, innovative finance and lifetime ISA as best suits your circumstances. The rule is that you mustn’t have more than the annual ISA allowance split between the different types of ISA. It's your responsibility to make sure you don’t exceed the annual ISA allowance.
We don’t currently offer a lifetime, cash or an innovative finance ISA.
What is my annual allowance?
The maximum annual allowance for ISAs is £20,000 for the 2020/21 tax year.
See more FAQs for Stocks and shares ISA
Junior ISA
What's the maximum amount that can be paid into a Junior ISA?
The maximum amount that can be paid into a Junior ISA for the 2020/21 tax year is £9,000.
How do I switch to a new fund?
Speak to your intermediary, if you have one, or contact us.
How do I transfer over an existing Junior ISA?
If you have an intermediary, you should organise a transfer through them.
Unfortunately, we don't currently offer the ability to transfer over an existing Junior ISA if you don’t have an intermediary.
See more FAQs for Junior ISA
General Investment Account (GIA)
Why does every customer get a General Investment Account (GIA)?
We may also set up a General Investment Account (GIA) as an option to allow you to pay any charges from and invest in. There’s no charge for this until you decide to use it. Find out more in our Guide to paying your charges through our GIA and our Guide to GIAs.
What's the maximum amount I can pay in to a GIA?
There is no restriction on what you can pay into a GIA.
How much tax will I pay?
Unlike an ISA or pension, there are no tax benefits for investing in a GIA. You pay income tax on any income you receive from the GIA, and capital gains tax on any realised gain you make on your GIA.  The tax paid will depend on your personal tax situation.
Why do I have a cash facility within my GIA?
You have a cash facility within your GIA to enable us to take charges and make payments to you.
If you have another product on the customer dashboard within the same service profile, for example an Individual Savings Account (ISA), you can elect to re-direct and pay your ongoing ISA charges from the cash facility within your GIA, rather than pay them from your tax efficient ISA product.
How do I transfer over an existing GIA?
Our transfer guide will help you with this.
How do I switch to a new fund?
Speak to your intermediary, if you have one, or sign in to your online account and choose the relevant product. Then, if you have access, select 'Switch funds' and follow the instructions.
Switching fund will not affect the investment of any regular contributions you may be paying. To change the investment strategy of regular payments, please get in touch with 'Customer service' using the Help and Support drop down menu.
What rate of interest is payable on cash in my GIA cash facility?
The rate of interest is paid at the Bank of England base rate less 0.05%. For more information on my cash facility please read our Guide to ISA
Can I manage regular withdrawals from my ISA or general investment account (GIA) online?
Yes, go to the ISA or GIA product page, select ‘Manage regulars’ and follow the instructions on screen.
See more FAQs for General Investment Account (GIA)
Investment fund information
Can I check the distribution type of a fund I'm invested in?
Yes, on a product page, select ‘More options’ and then ‘Convert fund distribution type’.
We don't provide advice or personal recommendations and you should be comfortable with the decisions you're making. If you're unsure, you should seek financial advice.
How can income be paid from my investments?
Dividend payments and interest from your funds can be distributed to you as income or reinvested back into the fund itself.
We’ll ask you what you want us to do with any income generated if you choose one or more income funds.
You have three options:
Transfer income into your bank account so that it’s available for you to use day to day. Income will be paid on the 12th day of each month. Income below the minimum payment amount of £2.50 will be held in your cash account until the minimum is reached, then paid into your bank account on the next payment date.
Hold income as cash within your Aegon account so that you can choose what you want to do with it from there. The cash facility associated with your account is designed as a short-term holding place for use when transferring savings from one fund to another, and for paying any charges. It isn’t designed for long-term saving and inflation is likely to exceed returns. Find out more about the cash facility.
Reinvest income back into the fund at the next valuation point, so that it helps to grow your savings over time. This option is more likely to be used by those who are investing for the long term and aren’t reliant on near-term income payments to supplement living costs.
The income payment method you choose will apply to all funds held in that pension, ISA or GIA. However, you can set up different payment methods for each product you hold.
Income generated may go down as well as up, in accordance with the dividend payments and/or interest received from the investments it holds.
What do fund charges include?
Fund charges cover the cost of managing investments on an ongoing basis. They vary depending on the funds you choose and how they invest your money.
Fund charges are in addition to any product of adviser charges and include a fixed management fee plus expenses that vary with the day to day costs of running the fund.
For UCITs regulated funds we show an ongoing charge figure (OCF), and for other fund types we show a total expense ratio (TER). Both include a fixed management fee plus expenses that vary with the day to day costs of running the fund. The OCF includes some one-off charges that aren't in the TER, but the two measures are otherwise very similar.
You can find more information about fees and charges in the product's relevant charges guides, available on our website.
What are distribution types?
Income generated from your funds, for example dividend payments or interest, can be reinvested for the future (accumulation type), or paid to you as income (income type).
If you choose an accumulation fund the reinvested income will add to your investment, helping it to grow over time.
If you choose an income fund, you may receive regular payments from your fund, which could be used to supplement living costs or provide an income in retirement. Find out how income is paid.
Income generated from a fund may go down as well as up, in accordance with the dividend payments and/or interest received from the investments it holds.
What is Cash?
Generally considered the least volatile of all the main investment types. This means its price doesn't tend to move much either up or down on a daily basis. The downside is that cash tends to have far less potential to grow than other investments and it can actually fall in value in real terms because of inflation. This is why it's most suited to investors as a shorter-term investment. Cash generally includes money, typically held in bank deposits, and other types of money market investments, which pay the investor regular interest.
What are Pending Trades?
They're instructions that we're processing and haven't been finalised. For example, switching units between funds during a fund switch or waiting for money after a withdrawal request.
What if an investment fund is missing a factsheet?
If you're looking for information about an investment fund and the factsheet is missing, please get in touch with us so we can help. To do this, select the 'Help and Support' tab and choose 'Customer Services' from the drop down menu.
What is Aegon Investment Limited’s (AIL) voting policy?
Aegon Investments Limited (AIL) is an investment manager of Open Ended Investment Companies (OEICs). These OEICs are funds of funds, which means they invest only in other funds, also known as collective investment schemes.
A voting right is the right of shareholders to vote on matters of corporate policy, for example the appointment of a board director or significant changes to a company’s operations. As we only manage funds of funds, we do not invest directly in securities e.g. equities or bonds. This means we can only exercise voting rights in relation to the underlying funds our OEICs invest in; we don’t have voting rights relating to the companies that the underlying funds are in turn invested in.
Therefore, AIL’s voting policy has two distinct sections:
Voting on a material change relating to an underlying fund we have invested in.
Consideration of the voting policy of the fund manager of an underlying fund we have invested in or are considering investing in.
For more information on each section, please read AIL’s voting policy
What is Aegon Investment Limited’s (AIL) commitment to the Financial Reporting Council’s UK Stewardship Code?
The UK Stewardship Code is a set of principles that investment managers are expected to follow. The Code aims to enhance the quality of engagement between investors and companies with the aim of improving long-term risk-adjusted returns to shareholders.
Aegon Investment Limited (AIL) - statement of compliance*
AIL is the company that manages Aegon’s open-ended investment company (OEIC) fund ranges. AIL is pleased to endorse the principles of the Code.
In practice, as we manage fund of funds, we are not directly able to influence the companies held by the collective investment schemes we invest in. However, we consider the disclosures made by underlying fund managers to assess their commitment to the Financial Reporting Council’s UK Stewardship Code.
Read more about the Code.
This applies to all funds where AIL is appointed as investment manager.
The value of investments can fall as well as rise and isn’t guaranteed. Investors may get back less than the amount invested.
*This sets out the extent to which AIL complies with the Financial Reporting Council’s UK Stewardship Code.
Can I manage regular withdrawals from my ISA or general investment account (GIA) online?
Yes, go to the ISA or GIA product page, select ‘Manage regulars’ and follow the instructions on screen.
See more FAQs for Investment fund information
Pensions
Can I take my pension benefits before I'm 55?
The minimum statutory age that you can take your benefits is 55. However, in some rare instances, you may be able to take them before age 55 if you’re suffering from ill-health or serious ill-health or have a protected pension age relating to benefits built up before 5 April 2006.
What should I consider before transferring other pension pots into a new pension plan?
There are a number of things to consider before you transfer other pension pots into a new pension plan.
You might lose valuable features and other benefits like:
protected tax-free cash
protected pension age
guarantees
waiver of contribution
life assurance benefits
any self-investment option
You might incur higher charges so make sure that you’re satisfied any such charges are justified.
Any trusts or expression of wish you’ve already set up won’t transfer over to a new Aegon Pension.
There’s no guarantee that new investments you choose will perform better than investments under your current plan.
If you're unsure whether this is right for you, please seek advice or guidance.
How can I track down a lost pension?
You can track down a lost pension by using the Government backed pension tracing service.
What is the annual allowance?
The annual allowance is the maximum amount of pension savings an individual can have each year that benefit from tax relief. In practice, an individual is subject to a tax charge (the annual allowance charge) where their pension savings exceed their available annual allowance for a tax year.
There is nothing to stop an individual paying in more than their available annual allowance. An annual allowance charge would be payable on the excess and they would still be able to claim tax relief on all their personal and third party contributions up to the higher of 100% of an individual’s relevant UK earnings or £3,600 per annum. The annual allowance tax charge will probably cancel out most (if not all) tax relief if you exceed your annual allowance.
The current annual allowance limit is £40,000.
Unused annual allowance from the previous three tax years can be used in the current tax year once the current tax year's annual allowance has been used up. This is known as Carry Forward.
The value of any tax relief depends on your individual circumstances. This information is based on our understanding of current, taxation law and HMRC practice, which may change.
What is the tapered annual allowance?
Although the annual allowance remains at £40,000, from 6 April 2016 a tapered annual allowance applies to higher earners. Individuals who have an adjusted income greater than £240,000 and whose threshold income is greater than £200,000 will see their annual allowance reduced. For every £2 of adjusted income over £240,000, their annual allowance will be reduced by £1, subject to a remaining annual allowance of not less than £4,000. In other words, anyone subject to the taper whose adjusted income is £240,000 and over will have an annual allowance of £4,000.
If you're subject to the money purchase annual allowance (MPAA) rules because you’ve flexibly accessed benefits under a money purchase arrangement since 6 April 2015 (or had a flexible drawdown plan at any time before 6 April 2015), the amount that can be paid by or for you into money purchase arrangements without incurring a tax charge will be restricted to the MPAA, even where the tapered annual allowance also applies to you.
With effect from 6 April 2017 the MPAA limit was reduced from £10,000 to £4,000. If you think you're affected by these limits please speak to an intermediary.
Adjusted income includes:
·         taxable income, which includes employment income, most pension and savings interest income plus any share, rental or trust income, less certain reliefs;
·         the value of employer pension contributions;
·         the amount of any excess relief on personal contributions to a net pay scheme;
·         the amount of any pension contributions deducted from pay in relation to a net pay scheme;
·         certain relief claimed by non-domiciled individuals in relation to contributions to overseas pensions schemes, less
·         the amount of certain lump sum death benefits.
Threshold income includes:
·         taxable income;
·         any salary sacrificed in return for pension  contributions on or after 9 July 2015, less
·         the gross amount of any relief at source  contributions and the amount of certain lump sum  death benefits.
This information is based on our understanding of current, taxation law and HMRC practice, which may change. The value of any tax relief depends on your individual circumstances.
What is the money purchase annual allowance?
If you've flexibly accessed your benefits, the Money Purchase Annual Allowance (MPAA) is the amount that can be paid in one year to your money purchase arrangements without a tax charge applying. For the 2020/2021 tax year, the MPAA will be £4,000.
If the MPAA provisions apply to you, and during the year more than £4,000 has been paid to your money purchase arrangements under all of your registered pension schemes, a tax charge:
will apply on the money purchase contributions above £4,000, and
may apply on the value of any savings made to defined benefit arrangements that are higher than £36,000 plus any carry forward you have available.
Special rules apply in the year that the reduced MPAA rules first apply to you. In that year, any money purchase contributions paid before the date the rules apply are treated as if they had been made to a defined benefit arrangement, and tested against the £36,000 plus carry forward limit. Please speak to a financial adviser for more information.
What is the lifetime allowance?
This is the maximum value of benefits you can take from all your registered pension schemes before you have to pay a lifetime allowance tax charge - unless you have enhanced protection.
When you take your benefits, they’ll be tested against your available standard lifetime allowance or personal lifetime allowance (unless you have enhanced protection). If you go over this, a lifetime allowance tax charge will be payable on the excess - this is currently 55% for lump sums, and 25% for funds used to buy pension income (which is also taxed under the Pay As You Earn (PAYE) system).
The standard lifetime allowance for the tax year 2020/2021 is £1,073,100.
However, if you have applied for fund protection, you'll have a higher personal lifetime allowance. This is as follows:
£1.8 million if you have fixed protection 2012;
£1.5 million if you have fixed protection 2014;
£1.25 million if you have fixed protection 2016;
the protected amount (more than £1.25 million and not more than £1.5 million) if you have individual protection 2014; and
the protected amount (more than £1 million and not more than £1.25 million) if you have individual protection 2016.
How will death benefits be taxed?
There are a number of factors that determine how death benefits from pensions are taxed:
If you die before taking benefits from your pension
Your pension pot can be paid to your beneficiaries as:
Death before age 75
Death after reaching age 75
A tax-free lump sum (up to your available lifetime allowance with any excess subject to a 55% tax charge), or
A taxable lump sum - taxed at their marginal rate of tax, or
A tax-free income (if your pension plan offers it).
A taxable income - taxed at their marginal rate.
There will normally be no inheritance tax to pay.
If you die after taking benefits from your pension
The tax that applies after taking benefits from your pension depends on the benefit option you're receiving and your age when you die.
Drawdown
Your remaining drawdown fund can be paid to your beneficiaries as:
Death before age 75
Death after age 75
A tax-free lump sum, or
A taxable lump sum - taxed at their marginal rate of tax.
A tax-free income.
A taxable income - taxed at their marginal rate.
There will normally be no inheritance tax to pay.
Annuity
Your beneficiary can receive:
Death before age 75
Death after reaching age 75
Joint-life annuity
Ongoing annuity payments tax free.
Ongoing annuity payments taxed at their marginal rate.
Guaranteed term annuity
Remaining annuity payments tax free.
Remaining annuity payments taxed at their marginal rate.
The income payments will normally stop when you die if you don’t buy a joint-life annuity or a guaranteed annuity.
State Pension
You can find details of what happens to your State Pension when you die at gov.uk/state-pension/further-information
Important
This information is based on our understanding of current, taxation law and HMRC practice, which may change.
It’s important to review your own personal circumstances as exceptions to the above may apply in certain circumstances, and different plans and providers offer different product options.  Please speak to a financial adviser if you need further information.
What rate of interest is payable on cash in my SIPP cash facility?
The rate of interest is paid at the Bank of England base rate less 0.05%. The current rate is 0.75% (i.e. Base rate of 0.5% - 0.05%).
Why can’t I see my Legal & General Portfolio Bond and/or Legal & General Portfolio Plus Pension or SIPP?
The Aegon Platform no longer provides services for the Portfolio Bond and for insured funds in the Portfolio Plus Pension and SIPP. These products have been removed from the Aegon Platform. You can still manage any collective funds (investments that are available on the Aegon Platform that pool investors’ assets together) you hold on the Aegon Platform in your Portfolio Plus Pension and Portfolio Plus SIPP.
The Portfolio Plus Pension and Portfolio Plus SIPP has transferred from Legal & General to ReAssure. You’ll notice we’ve updated the name of the product on the Aegon Platform to ReAssure Portfolio Plus SIPP.
For more information, including a definition of insured funds, view our Changes to the Legal & General bond and pension products webpage.
How do I carry out transactions in my ReAssure Portfolio Plus SIPP on the Aegon Platform?
You can carry out a switch online within your ReAssure Portfolio Plus SIPP on the Aegon Platform. You can switch cash inside your SIPP into funds on the platform, between funds or from funds into cash.
For all other transactions, you will need to contact ReAssure:
ReAssure SIPP
2nd Floor, Fitzalan House
Fitzalan Court
Fitzalan Road
Cardiff
CF24 0EL
You can call ReAssure on 0345 646 0381 (Monday to Friday 8:30am to 5:30pm. Call charges will vary).
For product or administration queries email reassuresipp@mercer.com
As email isn't a secure method of communication, please don't send any personal, financial or banking information.
How do I change the nominated fund to pay fees from my ReAssure Portfolio Plus SIPP?
The fees will automatically pay from the largest fund in your SIPP, but this can be changed to one nominated fund by completing our Change to product details form.
If you'd like the charges paid from more than one fund you'll need to speak to your intermediary or contact us if you don't have one.
See more FAQs for Pensions
Payments
Where do I send cheque payments to?
You can send us a cheque in the post. The details we require are as follows:
Amount – The amount you wish to pay into your account.
Payee – Cofunds Ltd.
Reference - Please provide your plan number and surname on the back of the cheque so we can identify your account.
Please send the cheque to - Aegon Cofunds Administration, PO Box 17491, Edinburgh, EH12 1PB.
Once we receive your cheque and the funds clear, we'll credit your account.
How do I make a bank transfer payment?
You can make payment by bank transfer using the details provided during the online journey. It can take up to five business days for your payment to reach us.
Please contact us if you have any questions about where to send your payment.
My bank account isn't 8 digits - what do I do?
You need to set up a bank account to open one of our products. This is usually an eight digit account number and six digit sort code. However, some banks and building societies have account numbers of different lengths – please use the following details to convert them into a different format, where necessary.
Bank
Instructions
Change from
Change to
National Westminster
Bank plc
Use the last eight digits only. If there’s a
hyphen in the account number between
the second and third numbers this
should be ignored
0123456789
or
01-23456789
23456789
Co-operative Bank plc
Use the first eight digits only
1234567890
12345678
Alliance & Leicester
Commercial Bank plc
National Savings Bank
National & Provincial
Building Society
Replace the last digit of the sorting
code with the first digit of the account
number, then use the last eight digits of
the account number only
nn-nn-nn
123456789
nn-nn-n1
23456789
Nationwide Building
Society
Where a nine digit account number starts
with a six, use the last eight digits of the
account number only
612345678
12345678
Other banks
as appropriate
Where a seven digit account number is
used prefix the account number with a
zero (0)
1234567
01234567
Other banks
as appropriate
Where a six digit account number is used
prefix the account number with two
zeros (00)
123456
00123456
What is Aegon's Order Execution Policy?
Our Order Execution Policy is available to be viewed and/or downloaded.
How can I add a provider to an approved list for debit card payments?
Banks are introducing additional security measures for debit card payments. If you’re making a debit card payment, you may need to verify the transaction. The verification is likely to be a code sent by SMS text message or online banking that will need to be entered during the online transaction to authorise payment.
Here’s some suggestions to try to minimise the chances of the bank asking for verification for specific providers:
Add the provider (Aegon in this case) to the ‘safe list’ or select ‘don’t ask me again on this device’ at the time of making the first payment.
You can add via your online banking account.
You can call your bank or building society and ask for the provider (Aegon in this case) to be marked as safe.
There are exceptions to this such as the first time you submit a debit card payment from a device or location – how this is triggered is down to the each bank or building society’s rules, so it may vary.
You may find the following links useful to see how the different banks and building societies are operating strong customer authentication.
Bank of Scotland
Barclays
First Direct
HSBC
Halifax
Lloyds
Nationwide
Natwest
Royal Bank of Scotland
Santander
See more FAQs for Payments
Investor Portfolio Service (IPS) customers only - charges
What charge will I pay you for managing my Investor Portfolio Service (IPS) account?
You’ll pay Aegon an annual charge for using the Aegon Platform. This charge covers the service and the administration involved in managing your IPS account.
Annual charge
The annual charge is tiered so it reduces as the value of the investments you hold in your account increases as follows:
Value of your investments
Annual charge
Up to £10,000
0.70%
Between £10,000 and £20,000
0.35%
£20,000 and above
0.25%
We may vary these charges in future.
How do you calculate the charge?
We calculate it using the value of your relevant products under your IPS account on the last business day of the month.
Here’s an example:
If you had an Aegon ISA valued at £15,000 and an Aegon GIA valued at £7,500 on the last working day of the month then your charge would be calculated as follows:
Value of your investments
Value
Annual charge
Charge amount
Up to £10,000
£10,000
0.7000%
£  70.00
Between £10,000 and £20,000
£10,000
0.3500%
£  35.00
£20,000 and above
£  2,500
0.2500%
£    6.25
Total
£22,500
0.4944%
£111.25
As you can see from above, the overall annual charge is calculated as £111.25 which is equivalent to 0.4944% of your total account value of £22,500.
The charge we’d deduct for the month would therefore be £111.25 divided by 12 = £9.27
As you have two products the £9.27 charge would be proportioned between the two products as follows:
Aegon ISA charge = £15,000 multiplied by 0.4944% = £6.18
Aegon GIA charge = £  7,500 multiplied by 0.4944% = £3.09
Where do you deduct the charge from?
We’ll normally take the charge from any available cash you have in the cash facility of the product the charge was calculated on.
What if I don’t have enough cash in the cash facility of my product?
We’ll use any available cash you hold, and then sell down any balance required from the largest available valued investment under your product.
You can ask us to sell down from a specific investment by contacting us. We’d then only sell from the largest available valued investment if there wasn’t enough cash in the cash facility and your nominated investment to pay the charge.
What if I don’t want my Aegon ISA charges deducted from that product?
If you don’t want charges to reduce the value of your Aegon ISA, you can request that those charges are directed to be taken from your Aegon GIA. If you choose for this option it’s your responsibility to ensure there’s sufficient cash and/or investments held in your Aegon GIA to cover any charges due. You can request this by contacting us. If we have to sell investments in your Aegon GIA you should be aware this might give rise to a liability to capital gains tax.
If we’re unable to deduct a charge due on your Aegon ISA from your Aegon GIA because there isn’t enough available cash and/or investments to cover the charge, we’ll direct the charge back and deduct it from your Aegon ISA.
See more FAQs for Investor Portfolio Service (IPS) customers only - charges
Not found what you're looking for?
If our FAQ's can't answer your query try doing a search as our guides have a lot of helpful information.
Get in contact with us
Sometimes it's easier to just have a quick chat or message.
Customer services
Customer Services
Our phones lines are currently closed
Our offices are currently closed in line with government Coronavirus guidance and we’re unable to answer phones. If you have a query, you can contact us using our online services on the Contact Us page.
Written communications
You can write to us at Aegon, Edinburgh Park, Edinburgh EH12 9SE.
You can email us at enquires@aegon.co.uk
Submit a complaint
Happy to answer any non-sensitive data related questions on our social connections
You can email us at complaints@aegon.co.uk
Aegon Assist -
Free expert guidance
A team of trained specialists, who have years of experience in financial services.
More about Aegon Assist
General guidance to help you make your own decisions and our expertise in Aegon products. We don’t cover all of the market and any products we discuss will be restricted to those offered by Aegon and our affiliated products.
Help to understand the options available to you when saving for retirement.
Discuss your options and the flexibility to help you take your retirement benefits, from age 55.
Book a call back from an Assist Associate
About Aegon
Aegon is an international provider of life insurance, pensions and asset management. With over £607 billion assets under management, we have businesses in over 25 countries around the world and around two million customers in the UK alone*.
We’re proud to have been helping people take responsibility for their financial future since 1831.
At Aegon it’s our mission to help the UK achieve a lifetime of financial security.  We’ve led the way in innovation that can make people’s financial assets work smarter as well as harder. From online technology that gives one-stop access to a universe of investment opportunity – to retirement products that make wealth planning simple, easy and fulfilling – we’re dedicated to getting people closer to their financial goals every day.
On 1 January 2017 Cofunds and IPS, the UK’s largest investment administration service, became part of Aegon. Cofunds administers £77.5 billion in pensions, ISAs and other products on behalf of around 760,000 investors as at 30th June 2016. By combining the scale and experience of Cofunds and IPS, with the innovation, financial strength and product knowhow of Aegon, we aim to provide even better support for your adviser or intermediary to manage your financial planning.
Work has already begun to create a financial planning platform with a wider investment choice and the very best in online functionality, that’s simple, powerful and intuitive to use.
History of Aegon UK
Founded in Edinburgh, and still headquartered here, we’ve been serving the UK for over 180 years. During that time we’ve evolved our brand, while staying steadfastly committed to our original purpose; helping people take responsibility for their financial future in order to achieve a lifestyle of financial security.
Aegon facts & figures*
Global savings and investment provider serving 30 million customers in over 20 countries
Founded in 1831 as Scottish Equitable and became part of Aegon in 1994
Over 29,000 employees, with over 2,000 based in the UK.
Manages over £607 billion in assets on behalf of savers and investors worldwide
Lead partner of British tennis since 2009
*Asset value is correct at 30 June 2016, all other information is correct at 11 August 2016.
Find out more
Aegon UK
Aegon Global
Get in contact
Please wait!
While we search the best result for you.
Search results
Results
-
of
for '
' (
seconds)
Results: Previous
Next
Tags
Filters
By Date
(newest first)
Show guides only
Show FAQs only