https://custom-optics.rossoptical.com/cookie-and-privacy-policy
ITAR Registered
l
ISO 9001:2015
l 915-595-5417
l
Capabilities
Custom Optics
Engineering
Materials Selection
Optical Fabrication
Coatings
Assembly
Inspection
Inventory Management
Catalog
Micro Optic
Achromats
Plano Convex Lenses
Plano Concave Lenses
Bi-Convex Lenses
Simple Lenses
Plano Convex
Bi-Convex
Plano Concave
Bi-Concave
Fused Silica Lenses
Ball Lenses
Aspherical Lenses
Cylindrical Lenses
Positive Cylinder
Negative Cylinder
Rod Lens
Doublets & Triplets
Std. Achromats
Precision Aplanats
Negative Achromats
Laser Achromats
Steinheil Triplets
Windows
BK7 Precision
BK7 Standard
Fused Silica
Sapphire
Mirrors
Round Mirrors
Square Mirrors
Elliptical Mirrors
Prisms
Right Angle
Equilateral
Dove
Amici
Wedge
Penta
Retroreflectors
Beamsplitters
Plate Beamsplitters
Cube Bleamsplitters
Waveplates
Zero Order
True Zero Order
Low Order
Ring Holders
Band Pass Filters
Color Glass Filters
Polarizers
Glan-Taylor
Glan Laser
Glan-Thompson
Wollaston
Rochon
Large Optics (100mm+ dia)
About
Our History
Our Team
Careers
News & Events
Contact Us
General Request
Custom Optical RFQ
Free System Review
Resources
Downloads
Optical Calculator
Case Studies
Optical Dictionary
Rolyn Part Match
Optical Blog
Privacy and Cookies
Your Privacy. Our Commitment.
We are always committed to keeping your data safe and secure. To keep you up to date, we have outlined why we need it and how we use it:
1. We will only use your data to better your experience.
2. We’ll protect your data like it’s our own.
3. You’ll always receive straight talk from us, there won't be any surprises.
4. You get to decide if you want to hear from us.
Your privacy is our priority.
Ross is fully committed to protecting the privacy and security of our customers and site visitors (that means you). Our team understands, appreciates and respects how important privacy is. If you have any questions about how we Protect Your Privacy, contact us.
Get all the details.
How we use your information
Below is a list of ways we use your data and why.
Information sent by email about our services keeps you up to date and is only sent with your permission.
Ross Optical advertisements keep you informed about our latest news.
Finding out what types of information you, and other customers, like helps us make sure you receive the updates you want.
Contact history data is used to provide the best possible customer service and support.
Device information and how you use our website when you're on that device will help us improve our website for your viewing experience.
The information you share with us when you browse our site, such as IP address, device type, and location data (if chosen) will help us learn how you use our website and will also let us better protect the site.
Responses given on surveys or promotions can be chosen to be anonymous, but this information is always used to provide better customer experiences.
Sharing your information
Your personal data, including name, address, or email information, will never be sold to third parties. Your information will only be used in conjunction with service providers who help us run our business and make it possible to get you the information you have requested including social media sites. We follow the same guidelines for our online catalog.
Marketing messages
If you have said we can, we will send you marketing emails to keep you up to date on our latest company news and to help you keep up with industry trends.
You can choose to stop receiving marketing messages from our team at any time.
Visit our Email Preferences page to unsubscribe. Your preferences will automatically be updated and we will respect your choice to not receive further marketing messages.
Keeping your information
Your information will be on record for as long as it is needed in order to provide you with the services you have inquired about or to provide you with information you have requested.
Your rights
The following rights relate to your personal information and are protected under GDPR and CCPA for citizens living in those protected domains. Ross Optical extends those rights to all consumers:
To request disclosure of our data collection and sales practices in connection with the requesting consumer (listed above)
To request a copy of the specific personal information collected about them during the 12 months before their request
To request that we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances
The right to request that personal information not be sold to third parties. (We do not sell personal data to third parties. See below).
The right not to be discriminated against because they exercised any of the new rights
To request the correction of inaccurate personal information
To stop direct marketing emails or withdraw consent for other consent-based processing
To request transfer of your data either to you or another service provider
To complain to your data protection regulator
If you want to exercise your rights, have a complaint, or just have questions, please contact us.
If you want to exercise your rights, have a complaint, or just have questions, please contact us.
Changes to how we protect your privacy
This page may change from time to time as we make updates to how your data is processed. If the changes are significant, we will make you aware of that on the Ross Optical website or in other forms of contact such as email. This way you will be able to review the changes before you continue using our website.
Cookies
We use cookies on our website to help us make sure you receive the best browsing experience based on your needs and preferences. Below are the four primary types of cookies and why each is important:
Site functionality – These cookies allow you to navigate the site and use the features we have implemented.
Site analytics – With these cookies, we can measure and analyze how our customers use the site in order to improve functionality.
Customer preference – This type of cookie will remember your preferences (ex. language or location), so your browsing experience is seamless and more personalized.
Targeting or advertising cookies – When used, these cookies are used to deliver relevant ads to you and limit the number of times you see an ad. This allows for measured effectiveness of marketing campaigns.
When using our site, you can choose to allow or disable the placement of these sorts of cookies on your device. If cookies are deleted or disabled, your user experience may be affected.
Need Custom Optics?
Home
Catalog
Capabilities
About
Resources
Optical Blog
1410 Gail Borden Place, A3, El Paso, TX 79935
1-915-595-5417
Copyright 2020.
All Rights Reserved
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Latest Blog Posts