https://customer-service.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Our privacy policy sets out how Service Quality Institute (http://customer-service.com) uses and protects any information that you give Service Quality Institute when you use this website.Service Quality Institute respects your privacy. It is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. When we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.Service Quality Institute may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from March 29, 2013.What we collect We may collect the following information:name and job titlecontact information including email addressdemographic information such as postcode, preferences and interestsinformation about employment, job title and place of workpayment informationother information relevant to customer surveys and/or offersWhat we do with the information we gatherWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:Internal record keeping.We may use the information to improve our products and services.We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. We may use this information to provide marketing materials for you which you have requested.We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.We may provide your information to our third party partners for marketing or promotional purposes.We will never sell your information.Security We are committed to ensuring the security of your information. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.How we use cookies A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.List of cookies we collectThe table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.COOKIE nameCOOKIE DescriptionCARTThe association with your shopping cart.CATEGORY_INFOStores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.COMPAREThe items that you have in the Compare Products list.CURRENCYYour preferred currencyCUSTOMERAn encrypted version of your customer id with the store.CUSTOMER_AUTHAn indicator if you are currently logged into the store.CUSTOMER_INFOAn encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDSStores the Customer Segment IDEXTERNAL_NO_CACHEA flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.FRONTENDYou sesssion ID on the server.GUEST-VIEWAllows guests to edit their orders.LAST_CATEGORYThe last category you visited.LAST_PRODUCTThe most recent product you have viewed.NEWMESSAGEIndicates whether a new message has been received.NO_CACHEIndicates whether it is allowed to use cache.PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CARTA link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.POLLThe ID of any polls you have recently voted in.POLLNInformation on what polls you have voted on.RECENTLYCOMPAREDThe items that you have recently compared.STFInformation on products you have emailed to friends.STOREThe store view or language you have selected.USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIEIndicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDSThe products that you have recently viewed.WISHLISTAn encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.WISHLIST_CNTThe number of items in your Wishlist.Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. Once you have used these links to leave our site you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. We cannot be held responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting other sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question when visiting other websites linked to through Service Quality Institute’s website.Opt-out policyWe give users options wherever necessary and practical. Such choices include:* Opting not to register to receive our emails.* Opting not to agree to the terms and conditions for being a user.Distribution of InformationWe may share information with governmental agencies or other organizations assisting in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Service Culture
3 Year Service Culture Plan
Buck-A-Day “BAD” Campaign
Good Idea Campaign
Software
About SQI
Testimonials
Clients
Become a Partner
Media Releases
Published Articles
Customer Service Quotes
Choose Language
English
Bulgarian Chinese (Traditional) English Indonesian Russian Spanish Vietnamese
Facebook
Linkedin
x
Newsletter sign up – customer-service.com
* = required
City
State
Country
First Name
Last Name
Email*
Email Confirmation*
Company
Title/Position
Phone Number
Please select which Language You Prefer: Newsletter - English
Newsletter - Russian
Newsletter - Spanish
leave this blank