https://cutraining.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Acceptance
These terms and conditions govern your access to, and use of, the CU Training website (this “site”) and the content, information and services provided on or through this site. This site is owned by CU Training Inc. (CU Training). Your use of this site will be deemed to constitute your acceptance of and agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions. Each time you use this site, the most current version of these terms and conditions will govern your use.
Copyright and Trademark Notice
All material, trademarks or other intellectual property (“Intellectual Property”) appearing on this site is either the property of CU Training or is used with the authorization of the owner and is subject to copyright. You may copy information from this site for your personal use only, provided that each copy includes any copyright or trademark notice or attribution as it appears on the pages copied. Information on this site (including Intellectual Property) may not otherwise be copied, displayed, distributed, downloaded, licensed, modified, published, reposted, reproduced, reused, sold, transmitted, used to create a derivative work or otherwise used for public or commercial purposes, without the express written permission of CU Training. Nothing on this site shall be construed as granting any license or right to use any Intellectual Property rights, whether by estoppel, implication, or otherwise. You are also advised that CU Training will aggressively enforce its property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including criminal prosecution.
All other trademarks and service marks that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners and are used solely to refer to those companies’ products and services.
Disclaimer of Warranties
Information and documents provided on this site are provided “as is” without any warranty. CU Training uses reasonable efforts to furnish accurate and up-to-date information on this site; it does not, however, warrant its accuracy, adequacy, timeliness or completeness.
Your use of this site is at your own risk. In no event will CU Training, its suppliers, and the other parties involved in creating and delivering this site’s contents be liable for any damages, losses or expenses of any kind arising from or in connection with this site or its use or any person’s inability to use this site, or in connection with any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus or line or system failure, loss of data or otherwise, even if CU Training, or its representatives, are advised of the possibility of such damages, losses or expenses.
No endorsement of any third party products, services or information is made or implied by any information, material or content referenced or included on, or linked from or to this site.
Use of Email
Email is not secure or confidential unless properly encrypted. Consequently, CU Training discourages the use of email to send personal, corporate, or financial information to CU Training. Persons that use email for those purposes do so at their own risk, and CU Training will not be responsible or liable to you or any other person for any loss or damage suffered as a result of your use of email to communicate with CU Training, or the use of email by CU Training to communicate with you or other persons at your request.
Personal Information transmitted through this site is subject to the CU Training® Website Privacy Statement. Any information you communicate to CU Training through this site (including any comment, suggestion, idea, graphics, etc.) will become exclusive property of CU Training, without compensation to you or any other party. In addition, any such information will not be treated by us as confidential.
Links to Third Party Sites
This site provides links to third party sites which are not maintained or controlled by CU Training. CU Training does not warrant the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of any information available via linked third party sites. CU Training provides the linked sites to you only as a convenience and the inclusion of any such link on this site does not imply that CU Training endorses the site, the organization operating such site, or any products or services or any opinions expressed on such sites. You are responsible for viewing and abiding by the privacy statements and terms of use posted at the linked sites. Your access or use of linked sites is entirely at your own risk.
Hyperlinks
Unless you have a written agreement in effect with us that states otherwise, you may only provide a hypertext link to this site from your site pursuant to the following terms and conditions:
Links shall be text-based using the words: “CU Training – learning solutions for credit unions” or www.cutraining.com.
Use of the CU Training® logo or any other Intellectual Property as a link to this site is not permitted.
By linking to our site, you acknowledge and agree that, other than as set forth herein, all rights to the Intellectual Property, the information and content on this site and the design of this site are the property of CU Training or other identified parties.
You must ensure any link to this site points to the URL “https://cutraining.com” and not to any other page within this site.
You will ensure that the appearance, position and other aspects of any link to this site does not damage or dilute the goodwill associated with CU Training or its property.
You must not misrepresent your relationship with CU Training or present false or misleading impressions about CU Training. Any link to this site may not be used in a manner that implies or suggests that CU Training approves or endorses you, your site or your products and services.
You may not create frames around this site or use other techniques that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of this site.
CU Training shall have no responsibility or liability for any content appearing on your site. You agree to indemnify and defend CU Training against all claims arising out of, or based upon, any hypertext link to this site.
Your site must not contain any context or materials that may be interpreted as libellous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights.
CU Training reserves the right at any time and in its sole discretion to request that you remove all links or any particular link to this site from your site.
Applicable Laws and Regulations
Your access to and use of this site is governed by the laws of British Columbia, Canada without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof. You agree and hereby submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the courts of the Province of British Columbia. We reserve the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of these terms and conditions, including the right to block access from a particular Internet address to this site.
Changes to these Terms and Conditions
In its discretion, CU Training may supplement or change these terms and conditions from time to time, for any reason and without any prior notice or liability to you by posting revised terms and conditions on this site. Each time you use this site you should check the date of these terms and conditions (which appears at the top of these terms and conditions) and review any changes since the last version. By using this after these terms and conditions have been revised, you accept and agree to be bound by the revised terms and conditions. If you do not agree with each provision of the revised terms and conditions you may not use this site. You may not supplement or change these terms and conditions in any way.
Inquiries
Thank you for visiting cutraining.com. Inquiries should be directed to: contactus@cutraining.com.