https://cutraining.com/our-privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
CU Training Inc. (CU Training) is committed to protecting the privacy of our credit union clients (Learning Partners), their employees, and that of all individuals accessing our website and/or using our online training systems. This privacy statement describes our intention and practice regarding how we may collect, use, and protect the personal information you choose to share with us.
Collection of Information
All personal information collected by CU Training is voluntarily provided through completion of a web-based, information request form or directly from our Learning Partners for the purpose of either requesting contact by CU Training or for providing access to the CU Training System and Learning Management Systems (LMS) so that the employees of our Learning Partners may use the training programs we provide.
The personal information we collect can include your email address, name, address, telephone number, fax number, as applicable. CU Training never asks for, nor collects personal financial information.
The personal information collected by CU Training is used exclusively for the purposes listed above and for no other purpose. Moreover, CU Training collects only the personal information that is strictly necessary in the course of our relationship with you. CU Training will keep a record of your personal contact information, including copies of any correspondence you send to us and your history of transactions with CU Training.
From time to time, CU Training may update the purpose for which it collects, holds, uses and communicates personal information, in which case you will be notified accordingly so that you may agree to such modification.
Safeguarding your Information
CU Training makes all commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that personal information collected is protected against loss and unauthorized access. These safeguards apply to both electronic and hard copy forms of information.
We manage our own server environment appropriately and our firewall infrastructure is strictly adhered to. To safeguard against unauthorized access to your accounts, you are required to ‘login’ and apply a username along with a password to access any personal online accounts. If you are unable to provide the correct user name and password, you will not be able to access the account.
Sharing your Personal Information with Others
The information you provide to CU Training is strictly used only to deliver the services you requested, and to keep you informed of CU Training’s new services and offerings.
CU Training will not rent, sell or trade any of your personal information.
In a very limited number of circumstances, we may disclose your information to third party service providers who help us administer our relationship with you, in the normal course of business. For example, we may need to disclose your contact information to a third party from whom you have requested services that are delivered through the CU Training LMS.
We only share information that is necessary for the service provider to provide CU Training with the service. Our service providers are also contractually bound to keep your information confidential, to safeguard your information, to limit their use of your information to the purpose of rendering their service, and to destroy or return your information when it is no longer required.
Consent
By providing CU Training with personal and business information, you are granting CU Training consent to the collection of this information. If we wish to use collected information for a different purpose at a future date, we will only do so after obtaining additional, written consent. Individuals are entitled to withdraw consent at any time by contacting the CU Training Privacy Officer who will then process the request and inform the individual of the implications of withdrawing consent.
Access to Your Information
If you wish to request a copy of your personal information in our records or a list of third parties to whom we have disclosed your personal information, please send a written request to our Privacy Officer. We will require acceptable proof of your identification before providing you with a response.
If you feel the personal information in our records is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date, please advise our Privacy Officer and the necessary corrections will be made.
Use of Cookies
To make it easy and convenient for you to log in to our services, the CU Training website requires you to enable cookies to utilize our services. Because we use cookies, you can bookmark our website start page and access your account without logging in.
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard drive by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. For example, if you navigate within a site, a cookie helps the site to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the CU Training website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved so you can easily use the features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you will not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the CU Training website.
Changes to the Privacy Statement
CU Training reserves the right to make minor modifications to this Privacy Statement in the interest of further enhancing the protection of personal information. If any substantial changes are made, CU Training will post a notice on its website and contact affected users.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding CU Training’s privacy policies and practices, feel free to contact our Privacy Officer at:
Privacy Officer
CU Training Inc.
Suite 310 – 256 Wallace Street
Nanaimo, BC, V9R 2X3
Tel: (888) 466-1634
Fax: (250) 754-1687
Email: privacy@cutraining.com