https://cvp.com/support/page/privacy-policy
CVP.com - Support - Privacy Policy
Home
SupportPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
[[description]]
1.1     Policy Overview
At CVP, we’re committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Policy explains when and why we collect personal information about people who visit our website, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes. By using our website, you’re agreeing to be bound by this Policy.
Any questions regarding this Policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to gdpr@cvp.com or by writing to Data Protection Officer, CVP Limited, Priory Mill, Castle Road, Studley, Warwickshire. B80 7AA.  Alternatively, you can telephone 01527 854222.
1.2     Who are we?
We’re CVP, the country’s largest reseller of professional videography, cinematography and broadcast gear dedicated to helping everyone make better television, video and digital film. CVP is a registered company (no. 02391457). The registered address is 23 Shield Drive, West Cross Industrial Park, Brentford, Middlesex. TW8 9EX.
1.3     How do we collect information from you?
We obtain information about you when you register with us as a customer using our website or through conservation with our Account Management team, for example, when you contact us about products and services, to buy equipment or book repair/servicing, to create or edit ‘kits’ or to sign-up to an event or one of our newsletters.
1.4     What type of information is collected from you?
The personal information we collect might include your name, address, email address, IP address, and information regarding what pages are accessed and when. If you buy online or purchase a product from us, your card information is not held by us, it is collected by our third party payment processors, who specialise in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions, as explained below.
1.5     How is your information used?
We may use your information to:  process orders that you have submitted/made, carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into by you and us, dealing with enquiries/questions/returns etc, dealing with competition entry, seek your views or comments on the services we provide, notify you of changes to our services, send you communications which you have requested and that may be of interest to you (these may include information about products, events, promotional offers etc), process a job application.
We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We are legally required to hold some types of information to fulfil our statutory obligations (for duty for HMRC etc). We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.
1.6     Who has access to your information?
We will not sell or rent your information to third parties.
Third Party Service Providers working on our behalf: We may pass your information to our third party service providers, agents subcontractors and other associated organisations for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf (for example Worldpay and Paypal to process card payments or finance companies for facilitating credit arrangements or courier companies for ensuring delivery of goods/order fulfilment). When we use third party service providers, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own direct marketing purposes. Please be reassured that we will not release your information to third parties beyond the CVP Network for them to use for their own direct marketing purposes, unless you have requested us to do so, or we are required to do so by law, for example, by a court order or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime.
When you use the secure online payment pages, you are redirected to a secure third party payment portal (e.g. Worldpay or PayPal etc), our third party payment processors specialise in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions. If you have any questions regarding secure transactions, please contact us.
We will not share your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes (other than we may share details with Trustpilot to enable you to rate our service and leave a review if you have opted-in to CVP’s marketing activities).
We may transfer your personal information to a third party as part of a sale of some or all of our business and assets to any third party or as part of any business restructuring or reorganisation, or if we’re under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation or to enforce or apply our terms of use or to protect the rights, property or safety of our customers.  However, we will take steps with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected.
1.7     Your choices
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. If you do not want to receive direct marketing communications from us about our products, services, events, promotions and news then you can select your choices by ticking the relevant boxes situated on the form on which we collect your information.
We will not contact you for marketing purposes by email, phone or text message unless you have given your prior consent. We will not contact you for marketing purposes by post if you have indicated that you do not wish to be contacted. You can change your marketing preferences at any time by contacting us by email: gdpr@cvp.com or telephone on 01527 854222.
1.8     How you can access and update your information
The accuracy of your information is important to us. We’re working on ways to make it easier for you to review and correct the information that we hold about you. In the meantime, if you change email address, or any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please email us at: gdpr@cvp.com, update your online account profile directly, speak with your Account Manager over the phone or write to us at: Data Protection Officer, CVP Limited, Priory Mill, Castle Road, Studley, Warwickshire. B80 7AA.
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information CVP hold about you and we will provide this information free of charge provided that your request is fair and reasonable (we may charge £10 for information requests that are deemed to be repetitive, unreasonable or onerous).
1.9     How we protect against the loss, misuse or unauthorised alteration of your information
When you give us personal information, we take steps to ensure that it’s treated securely. We don’t store any credit or debit card details (we are PCIDSS accredited) and we do our utmost to protect all other details (including encryption and protection with 256 Bit encryption on SSL - when you are on a secure page, a lock icon will appear on the bottom of web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer).
Non-sensitive details (your email address etc.) are transmitted normally over the Internet, and this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your information, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. Where we have given (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
1.10     Profiling
We may analyse your personal information to create a profile of your interests and preferences so that we can contact you with information relevant to you. We may make use of additional information about you when it is available from external sources to help us do this effectively. We may also use your personal information to detect and reduce fraud and credit risk.
1.11     Use of 'cookies'
Like many other websites, the CVP website uses cookies. 'Cookies' are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit. They collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns and do not identify you as an individual. For example, we use cookies to store your country preference. This helps us to improve our website and deliver a better more personalised service.
It is possible to switch off cookies by setting your browser preferences. For more information on how to switch off cookies on your computer, visit our full cookies policy. Turning cookies of may result in a loss of functionality when using our website.
1.12     Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. This privacy policy applies only to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website.
In addition, if you linked to our website from a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site.
1.13     16 or Under
We do not knowingly provide services to customers under the age of 16.  It is a requirement of business that all CVP customers are over the age of 16.
1.14     Transferring your information outside of Europe
As part of the services offered to you through this website, the information which you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside the European Union (“EU”). By way of example, this may happen if you are buying goods for delivery outside of the EU and our chosen courier company is located outside of the EU. These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the UK. By submitting your personal data, you’re agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing. If we transfer your information outside of the EU in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Policy.
If you use our services while you are outside the EU, your information may be transferred outside the EU in order to provide you with those services.
1.15     Website recording
Our web site may also use a web site session recording service. CVP liaise with Google and Hotjar who have developed products that are capable of recording mouse clicks, mouse movements, page scrolling and any text keyed into website forms. The information collected does not include bank details or any sensitive personal data.   Anonymised session data generated during such visits may be used for aggregated and statistical reporting by Google and Hotjar.
1.16     Policy review
We keep this Policy under regular review. This Policy was last updated in April 2018.
Trustpilot
SUBSCRIBE
Please enter your email address below to sign up for product news, promotions, updates and events
Sign Up
Home
Departments
CamerasLensesAccessoriesAudioMonitoringLightingSupports & MotionStudioUsed & Ex-DemoClearance
Events
Services
CVP Live
Events
CVP TV
CVP Education
Careers
Professional Repair
Start a Repair
Camera Repairs
Video Tape Servicing
Monitor Repairs
Audio Repairs
Mechanics & Tripods
Lens Repair
My Repairs
Wishlist
My Account
Manage Profile
My Vault
My Kits
Reward Club
Track My Order
Order History
Return or Repair
My Repairs
Product Notifications
Manage Address Book
VAT Settings
Email Preferences
Track My Orders
Help and Contact
Contact Us
Create Account
Sign In