https://cybertradinguniversity.com/privacy-policy/
(877) 702-9237
support@ctutrading.com
Cyber Trading University
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Cyber Trading University uses and protects any information that you provide
Cyber Trading University is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Cyber Trading University may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 09-05-2012.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes and trusted third party offerings. Cyber Trading University or a trusted affiliate may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
you may contact us via our Contact Us Form to remove your information or request to restrict contact.
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at support@ctutrading.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to 6800 Jericho Turnpike, Suite 208W, Syosset, NY 11791.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
We are passionate about your success
Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site!
Duration: 4 Live Lessons MonthlyDifficulty: Advanced
PHASE II STOCK TRADING COURSE – SILVER PACKAGE
Trading is a tough business in which market players often try to deceive other participants in order to make a profit. The good news is that if you know how to spot and avoid these tricks you can use them to your advantage to earn a substantial living.
A large part of Phase II consists of live market demonstrations, so students will witness the lessons they’ve been taught in action, which helps to accelerate the education process.
Students will be given a deeper understanding of the inner workings of the market and the type of knowledge necessary to maximize their earning potential.
Phase II Covers: Scanning for tradable stocks, evaluating a stock for its tradability, locating your entry and exit points, identifying the dominant market makers of a stock, and finding important historical information about the activity of a dominant market maker.
×
Duration: 4 Live Lessons Monthly Difficulty: Intermediate
PHASE I STOCK TRADING COURSE – BRONZE PACKAGE
This is the prerequisite stock trading course for all of our education at Cyber Trading University and is a natural progression from our free beginner classes. Phase 1 includes extensive training on trading essentials, and showcases a variety of effective market strategies. In order to make the most money out of your trading experience, you must first have a solid understanding of the basic principles involved. This course delves deeply into these critical matters, such as finding highly tradeable stocks, defining support and resistance levels, determining proper entry and exit points, and interpreting and shadowing the moves of market makers.
You’ll benefit by participating in class discussions where you can ask us questions about a variety of trading situations, and practice using the direct access execution system. These real-life experiences are crucial to your development as a consistently profitable trader.
Phase I Covers: Stock Market Basics, Finding Tradable Stocks, Time & Sales, ECN Books, Shadowing Brokerage Firms, Charts, Graphs, Technical Analysis, and Other Essential Matters.
×
Onsite in NY or Webcast
Live One On One Coaching = More Successful Trades
In Phase IV, our coaches will help you by:
Analyzing your trades to identify problem areas and offering corrective advice
Trading alongside you to help train you to be a better trader
Answering your questions and engaging in dialogue
Teaching you their favorite trading tips and techniques
Helping you optimally configure your trading platform
Sharing their favorite trading resources
Being patient and catering to your unique learning style
Providing encouragement and support
All of the coaches at CTU are experienced traders who are ready and willing to help you achieve your financial goals, review your trading strategies, help you avoid common pitfalls, and evaluate your progress as a trader.
×