https://cybertradinguniversity.com/terms-of-use-disclosures/
(877) 702-9237
support@ctutrading.com
Cyber Trading University
Terms of Use & Disclosures
Terms Last Updated: January 1, 2020
Course Refund Policy
CyberTradingUniversity.com(CTU) does not offer a refund of class(es) once the purchaser participates in the class(es) and/or accesses the archive file(s). Please note that accessing the archive file(s) is an act of participating in the class. Once the purchaser accesses the archive file(s), then he/she has waived all rights to refunds and/or cancellation of service.
Refunds will only be issued for live course purchases if a refund and cancellation of participation is requested at least two weeks (2) before the beginning of the start of the class. Refund or cancellation requests must be made in writing by email
support@ctutrading.com and received two weeks (2) before the scheduled time of the class.
CyberGroup Trial and Cancellation Policy
Any free or paid trial of our CyberGroup Trading Chatroom & Workshops will automatically upgrade to the CyberGroup Monthly Membership with a recurring charge of $149/month. You can cancel at anytime by contacting support@ctutrading.com by providing written documentation of your cancellation request. You MUST cancel before the next billing date, or else you will be charged the monthly fee and a refund cannot not be issued. Please note that it may take between 24-48 hours to process cancellation if your request is placed after hours or on weekends.
Restrictions on Use of Our Online Materials
All online materials on the CyberTradingUniversity.com sites, including, without limitation, text, software, names, logos, trademarks, service marks, trade names, images, photos, illustrations, audio clips, video clips, and music are copyrighted intellectual property. All usage rights are owned and controlled by CyberTradingUniversity.com. You, the visitor, may download online materials for non-commercial, personal use only provided you 1) retain all copyright, trademark and propriety notices, 2) you make no modifications to the materials, 3) you do not use the materials in a manner that suggests an association with any of our products, services, events or brands, and 4) you do not download quantities of materials to a database, server, or personal computer for reuse for commercial purposes. You may not copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute online materials in any way or for any other purpose unless you get our written permission first. Neither may you add, delete, distort or misrepresent any content on the CyberTradingUniversity.com site. Any attempt to modify any online material or to defeat or circumvent our security features is prohibited.
Everything you download, plus all files, all images and all data accompanying it, is considered licensed to you by CyberTradingUniversity.com for your personal, non-commercial home use only. We do not transfer title of any material to you. That means that we retain full and complete title to all of the associated intellectual-property rights. You’re not allowed to redistribute or sell the material or to reverse-engineer, disassemble or otherwise convert it to any other form that people can use.
You acknowledge that you are responsible for any submission you make. This means that you (and not we) have full responsibility for the message, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality, and copyright.
CyberTradingUniversity.com is designed to help students obtain trading education. It discusses ways to trade in the markets using analysis in the decision process. There are no warranties implied. CyberTradingUniversity.com makes no guarantee that that you will make money trading in any market.
CyberTradingUniversity.com provides educational and informational services through electronic transmission via the internet.
The CyberTradingUniversity.com web site and its information are provided for guidance and information purposes only.
Other Terms and Conditions:
Online training courses may NOT be transferred to another student.
Orders placed with CTU are NOT eligible for refund, cancellation or transfer. NO EXCEPTIONS.
This Payment and Refund Policy governs your purchase of our goods and/or services.
By submitting your purchase, you authorize Cyber Trading University to charge your credit card for the goods and/or services purchased under the terms outlined in this Payment and Refund Policy.
If a payment is not successfully settled within seven (7) days of CTU initial attempt to charge your payment method, CTU may cancel your order and/or course enrollment.
Any Balance that remains outstanding after sixty (60) days will be referred to a collection agency.
Each student will receive their Course Agreement Package upon purchase. Each course agreement is required to be executed and returned to us within 14 days or your access to live classes will be restricted.
If you open the Cyber Trading University course Links or begin using your Cyber Trading University online student account, you are not eligible for any refund.
Please be advised that Cyber Trading University has a code of conduct for live classes and trading rooms. If you are rude or obstructive in any way Cyber Trading University reserve that right to remove you from said room and block any future access to live classes. Any negative comments posted on Social Media or on any internets site will results in the immediate removal of student access to our site and could result in legal actions seeking punitive damages.
You agree to use the Cyber Trading University goods and/or services, including all features and functionalities associated therewith, in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including public performance limitations or other restrictions on use of the service or content therein. You agree to keep any purchased Cyber Trading University materials confidential. You agree not to archive, download (other than through caching necessary for personal use), reproduce, distribute, modify, display, perform, publish, license, create derivative works from, offer for sale, or use (except as explicitly authorized by Cyber Trading University) content and information contained on or obtained from or through Cyber Trading University.
DVD, CD or Novelty Item Refund Policy:
Purchase of CDs, DVDs and novelties are final sale items. These items may be exchanged only if the merchandise is damaged and/or approved by a CTU administrator. In some cases, a restocking fee of 20% of the purchase price is required when an item is returned by mail. Prices listed do not include shipping and handling charges.
CyberGroup  Rules:
The CyberGroup Stock Chatroom rules have been put in place to help ensure that the Chatroom is a welcoming and useful resource for everyone that participates. The rules outline what is deemed unacceptable behavior and it is important to read them carefully.
NO racial or abusive comments will be tolerated
Do NOT heckle or mock moderators or members
Do NOT imitate a moderator or administrator to gain personal benefit
Do NOT ask or give out personal information like addresses and personal contact info (emails, websites, phone numbers, etc.)
Anyone seen giving out personal information will first be warned. If it continues, they WILL be banned
Do NOT attempt to set up meeting arrangements with anyone on our chat services
NO soliciting
NO SHARING trades or information to any other chat room or social networking outside of Cyber Trading University
You must log in with at least your first name and last initial. (No “S” or “SR”)
CANCELLATION POLICY
Subscription services can be cancelled by contacting CyberTradingUniversity.com. Notice may be given via email to support@ctucorp.com or by Fax to 516.558.1118. A pro-rata share will not be refunded for monthly subscription or re-subscription charges already processed. Refunds and/or cancellations will not be issued if the purchaser accessed the archive class(es). Cancellation of certain subscriptions will void promotional price and the subscriber will be liable for the regular (non-promotional) price for all months the subscription was used.
Restrictions on Use of Our Online Materials
All online materials on the CyberTradingUniversity.com sites, including, without limitation, text, software, names, logos, trademarks, service marks, trade names, images, photos, illustrations, audio clips, video clips, and music are copyrighted intellectual property. All usage rights are owned and controlled by CyberTradingUniversity.com. You, the visitor, may download online materials for non-commercial, personal use only provided you 1) retain all copyright, trademark and propriety notices, 2) you make no modifications to the materials, 3) you do not use the materials in a manner that suggests an association with any of our products, services, events or brands, and 4) you do not download quantities of materials to a database, server, or personal computer for reuse for commercial purposes. You may not copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute online materials in any way or for any other purpose unless you get our written permission first. Neither may you add, delete, distort or misrepresent any content on the CyberTradingUniversity.com site. Any attempt to modify any online material or to defeat or circumvent our security features is prohibited.
Everything you download, plus all files, all images and all data accompanying it, is considered licensed to you by CyberTradingUniversity.com for your personal, non-commercial home use only. We do not transfer title of any material to you. That means that we retain full and complete title to all of the associated intellectual-property rights. You’re not allowed to redistribute or sell the material or to reverse-engineer, disassemble or otherwise convert it to any other form that people can use.
Submitting Your Online Material to Us
All remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics, comments, or other information that you send to CyberTradingUniversity.com through our site (other than information we promise to protect under our privacy policy) becomes and remains our property, even if this agreement is later terminated.
That means that we don’t have to treat any such submission as confidential. You can’t sue us for using ideas you submit. If we use them, or anything like them, we don’t have to pay you or anyone else for them. We will have the exclusive ownership of all present and future rights to submissions of any kind. We can use them for any purpose we deem appropriate to our CyberTradingUniversity.com mission, without compensating you or anyone else for them.
You acknowledge that you are responsible for any submission you make. This means that you (and not we) have full responsibility for the message, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality, and copyright.
Warrantees and Disclaimers
CyberTradingUniversity.com is designed to help readers obtain trading education. It discusses ways to trade the markets using analysis in the decision process. There are no warranties implied. CyberTradingUniversity.com makes no guarantee that that you will make money trading any market.
CyberTradingUniversity.com provides educational and informational services through electronic transmission via the internet.
The CyberTradingUniversity.com.com web site and its information are provided for guidance and information purposes only.
The fundamental concept is that you should NOT rely solely upon the information or opinions you read. Rather, you should use what you read as a starting point for doing independent research on our analysis, and trading methods. Then judge for yourself the merits of the material that has been shared in CyberTradingUniversity.com. CyberTradingUniversity.com.com does not recommend or endorse any specific trading system or method. We recommend that you research all trading systems, methods and market strategies thoroughly. You should carefully consider whether trading the markets is appropriate for you in light of your experience, objectives, financial resources and other circumstances. This web site, its content and the services offered is not intended to provide investment, tax, or legal advice. The information contained herein has been compiled from sources deemed reliable and it is accurate to the best of our knowledge and belief; however, CyberTradingUniversity.com.com cannot guarantee as to its accuracy, completeness and validity and cannot be held liable for any errors or omissions. Changes are periodically made to this web site and may be made at any time without notice to you, the student. All information contained herein should be independently verified and confirmed. CyberTradingUniversity.com does not accept any liability for any loss or damage whatsoever caused in reliance upon such information. Reader agrees to indemnify and hold harmless CyberTradingUniversity.com from and against any damages, costs and expenses, including any legal fees, potentially resulting from the application of any of the information provided by CyberTradingUniversity.com. This disclaimer applies to any damages or injury caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or use of record, whether for breach of contract, tort, negligence, or under any other cause of action. Reader agrees to assume all risk resulting from the application of any of the information provided by CyberTradingUniversity.com. By using this web site, including content contained therein, the visitor agrees that the use of this web site and its information product is entirely at his/her own risk. As always, the advice of a competent legal, tax, accounting or other professional should be sought prior to investing in options. Links to Other Sites We sometimes provide referrals to and links to other World Wide Web sites from our site. Such a link should not be seen as an endorsement, approval or agreement with any information or resources offered at sites you can access through our site. If in doubt, always check the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) address provided in your WWW browser to see if you are still in an CyberTradingUniversity.com operated site or have moved to another site. CyberTradingUniversity.com.com is not responsible for the content or practices of third party sites that may be linked to our site. When CyberTradingUniversity.com.com provides links or references to other Web sites, no inference or assumption should be made and no representation should be inferred that CyberTradingUniversity.com.com operates or controls these Web sites.
Limitation of Liability
CyberTradingUniversity.com WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR INJURY THAT ACCOMPANY OR RESULT FROM YOUR USE OF ANY OF ITS SITE. These include (but are not limited to) damages or injury caused by any:
Use of (or inability to use) the site Use of (or inability to use) any site to which you hyperlink from our site Failure of our site to perform in the manner you expected or desired Error on our site Omission on our site Interruption of availability of our site Defect on our site Delay in operation or transmission of our site Computer virus or line failure Please note that we are not liable for any damages, including: damages intended to compensate someone directly for a loss or injury damages reasonably expected to result from a loss or injury (known in legal terms as “consequential damages.”) other miscellaneous damages and expenses resulting directly from a loss or injury (known in legal terms as “incidental damages.”) We are not liable even if we’ve been negligent or if our authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages or both. Exception: certain state laws may not allow us to limit or exclude liability for these “incidental” or “consequential” damages. If you live in one of those states, the above limitation obviously would not apply, which would mean that you might have the right to recover these types of damages. However, in any event, our liability to you for all losses, damages, injuries, and claims of any and every kind (whether the damages are claimed under the terms of a contract, or claimed to be caused by negligence or other wrongful conduct, or they’re claimed under any other legal theory) will not be greater than the amount you paid if anything to access our site.
There is a very high degree of risk involved in trading. Past results are not indicative of future returns. Cyber Trading University and all individuals affiliated with this site assume no responsibilities for your trading and investment results. The indicators, strategies, columns, articles and all other features are for educational purposes only and should not be construed as investment advice. Information for futures trading observations are obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy, or warrant any results from the use of the information. Your use of the futures trading observations is entirely at your own risk and it is your sole responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness and usefulness of the information. You must assess the risk of any trade with your broker and make your own independent decisions regarding any securities mentioned herein. Affiliates of Cyber Trading University may have a position or effect transactions in the securities described herein (or options thereon) and/or otherwise employ trading strategies that may be consistent or inconsistent with the provided strategies.
TD Ameritrade Disclaimer
TD Ameritrade has entered into a Marketing Partner Agreement with Cyber Trading University, Inc.(CTU) whereby TD Ameritrade compensates CTU for recommending TD Ameritrade as an executing broker. The existence of this Marketing Partner Agreement should not be deemed as an endorsement or recommendation of CTU by TD Ameritrade and/or any of its affiliated companies. Neither TD Ameritrade nor any of its affiliated companies is responsible for the privacy practices of CTU or this website. TD Ameritrade does not warrant the accuracy or content of the products or services offered by CTU or this website. Use of this site and its services and/or products is the decision of and at the discretion of the individual or entity choosing this service and/or product. TD Ameritrade makes no guarantees or warranties of any kind and of the products or services offered by CTU or by or through this website and shall have no liability therefore.
SHARING INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
CTU does not disclose your personal information to third parties, except as described in this Policy. Third party disclosures may include sharing such information with non-affiliated companies that perform support services for your account. Non-affiliated companies that assist CTU in providing services to you are required to maintain the confidentiality of such information to the extent they receive it and to use your personal information only in the course of providing such services and only for the purposes that CTU dictates. Furthermore, we may also disclose your personal information to third parties to fulfill your instructions or pursuant to your consent.
OPT OUT
You are not required to supply any of the personal information that we may request; however, failure to do so may result in our being unable to facilitate the educational course. If you do not wish to have your personal information disclosed to our affiliates or other third parties as described in this Policy, please contact us via e-mail at support@ctutrading.com
Hypothetical Performance Disclosure:
Hypothetical performance results have many inherent limitations, some of which are described below. no representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown; in fact, there are frequently sharp differences between hypothetical performance results and the actual results subsequently achieved by any particular trading program. One of the limitations of hypothetical performance results is that they are generally prepared with the benefit of hindsight. In addition, hypothetical trading does not involve financial risk, and no hypothetical trading record can completely account for the impact of financial risk of actual trading. for example, the ability to withstand losses or to adhere to a particular trading program in spite of trading losses are material points which can also adversely affect actual trading results. There are numerous other factors related to the markets in general or to the implementation of any specific trading program which cannot be fully accounted for in the preparation of hypothetical performance results and all which can adversely affect trading results.
Testimonials Disclosure:
Testimonials appearing on this website may not be representative of other clients or customers and is not a guarantee of future performance or success.
Live Trade Room Disclosure:
This presentation is for educational purposes only and the opinions expressed are those of the presenter only. All trades presented should be considered hypothetical and should not be expected to be replicated in a live trading account.
Partner Policies:
TD Ameritrade, Inc. (“TD Ameritrade”) has entered into a Marketing Partner Agreement with Cyber Trading University (“Marketing Representative”) whereby TD Ameritrade compensates Marketing Representative for recommending TD Ameritrade as an executing broker. The existence of this Marketing Partner Agreement should not be deemed as an endorsement or recommendation of Marketing Representative by TD Ameritrade and/or any of its affiliated companies. Neither TD Ameritrade nor any of its affiliated companies is responsible for the privacy practices of Marketing Representative or this website. TD Ameritrade does not warrant the accuracy or content of the products or services offered by Marketing Representative or this website. Use of this website and its services and/or products is the decision of and at the discretion of the individual or entity choosing this service and/or product. TD Ameritrade makes no guarantees or warranties of any kind of the products or services offered by Marketing Representative or by or through this website and shall have no liability therefore.
We are passionate about your success
Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site!
Duration: 4 Live Lessons MonthlyDifficulty: Advanced
PHASE II STOCK TRADING COURSE – SILVER PACKAGE
Trading is a tough business in which market players often try to deceive other participants in order to make a profit. The good news is that if you know how to spot and avoid these tricks you can use them to your advantage to earn a substantial living.
A large part of Phase II consists of live market demonstrations, so students will witness the lessons they’ve been taught in action, which helps to accelerate the education process.
Students will be given a deeper understanding of the inner workings of the market and the type of knowledge necessary to maximize their earning potential.
Phase II Covers: Scanning for tradable stocks, evaluating a stock for its tradability, locating your entry and exit points, identifying the dominant market makers of a stock, and finding important historical information about the activity of a dominant market maker.
×
Duration: 4 Live Lessons Monthly Difficulty: Intermediate
PHASE I STOCK TRADING COURSE – BRONZE PACKAGE
This is the prerequisite stock trading course for all of our education at Cyber Trading University and is a natural progression from our free beginner classes. Phase 1 includes extensive training on trading essentials, and showcases a variety of effective market strategies. In order to make the most money out of your trading experience, you must first have a solid understanding of the basic principles involved. This course delves deeply into these critical matters, such as finding highly tradeable stocks, defining support and resistance levels, determining proper entry and exit points, and interpreting and shadowing the moves of market makers.
You’ll benefit by participating in class discussions where you can ask us questions about a variety of trading situations, and practice using the direct access execution system. These real-life experiences are crucial to your development as a consistently profitable trader.
Phase I Covers: Stock Market Basics, Finding Tradable Stocks, Time & Sales, ECN Books, Shadowing Brokerage Firms, Charts, Graphs, Technical Analysis, and Other Essential Matters.
×
Onsite in NY or Webcast
Live One On One Coaching = More Successful Trades
In Phase IV, our coaches will help you by:
Analyzing your trades to identify problem areas and offering corrective advice
Trading alongside you to help train you to be a better trader
Answering your questions and engaging in dialogue
Teaching you their favorite trading tips and techniques
Helping you optimally configure your trading platform
Sharing their favorite trading resources
Being patient and catering to your unique learning style
Providing encouragement and support
All of the coaches at CTU are experienced traders who are ready and willing to help you achieve your financial goals, review your trading strategies, help you avoid common pitfalls, and evaluate your progress as a trader.
×