https://danaydesign.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions | Shipping | Returns | Taxes | Dänay Design
(863) 868-6908
info@danaydesign.com
Get a Quote
Wishlist
About
How to Order
Support a Project
Media
F A Q
Menu
Skip to content
Home
Products
Window & Wall Decal Packages
Compassion in Art™ 2D Character Cutouts
Window Decals
3D Mural Packages
3D Wall Art
Light Panels
Floor Graphics and Wayfinding
Photo Prints
Fine Art Prints
Porthole Frames
Fiberglass Sun
Aquarium Wraps™
Hallway Excursions™
Catalog
Services
View All Services
Consultation
Installation
Custom Projects
Sketches/Renderings
Round Table Video Conference
Before & After
Project Showcase
Videoblog
Blog
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Copyright
Dänay Design™ retains all rights to their published artwork.  It is copyrighted and cannot be reproduced.
Payment & Sales Tax
Dänay Design™ accepts credit card payments from Visa, Master Card and American Express, business checks, cashier’s checks, and wire transfers
Because Dänay Design™ operates in Florida, we are required to collect local sales tax on orders shipped to a Florida address. Those who live outside Florida will not be charged sales tax for orders placed on Dänay Design™ website, but should consult applicable tax laws in their state.
International Orders
Dänay Design™ is happy to ship items to international destinations. Please note that orders sent to freight forwarders must be inspected by the freight forwarder.  Dänay Designs™ liability for damages ends once the items have been signed for by the freight forwarder.
Security & Privacy
We understand your concerns regarding privacy and this policy is part of our strong commitment to you. Cookies are used on the site to help customers access and track items in their shopping cart. A cookie is sent to the individual to identify them upon return to the site. This allows the user to view items left in their shopping cart.
When signing up for an account with Dänay Design™, we ask you to provide certain details about yourself including your name, e-mail and mailing address. We do this in order to offer you a full range of information, products and services, as well as to notify you of site changes. It will also provide you with valuable offers from Dänay Design™. All newsletters and promotional emails have an “opt-out” feature. When you order products, we will also need your billing and shipping information. This information should be as accurate as possible because we will use it for all contact, billing and shipping purposes.
Since clients and their privacy are top priority at Dänay Design™, we use the most secure transaction software available. All credit card orders on Dänay Design™ are processed on a secure server. Any credit card or other personal information you provide Dänay Design™ is protected by encryption using Secure Socket Layer Protocol (SSL). Only Dänay Design™can decrypt this secure information. If you prefer not to place your order online, we would be pleased to take your order by phone. Please call our Customer Service team at 1-863-868-6908 Monday through Friday between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. (eastern). One of our customer service representatives will be happy to assist you.
Warranty Information
Dänay Design™ stands behind our craftsmanship.  Our murals are printed with archival inks and then clear coated for protection from light or fingerprints.  The murals can be wiped with a damp soft cloth. We will only warranty murals that are kept in a cool, dry environment and not exposed to direct sunlight coming in through a door or window.  Our one year warranty for dimensional artwork is limited to craftsmanship defects.  Our dimensional art is crafted from a resin material that is very durable but can be broken if dropped or abused.  We accept no responsibility for how our products are handled or used.  Some items have sharp edges and should be used in areas where young children will not be able to reach them.  These dimensional pieces are intended for securing onto the wall according to instructions that are sent with them.  We are not responsible for any deviation to our recommendations.  All our products are in accordance with fire safety regulations and infection control standards and comply with requirements of most healthcare facilities.  Specification sheets are available upon request.Dänay Design™ provides installation instructions with each order.  We  cannot be held liable for accidents resulting in personal injury that involve a product purchased on the website since we do not install the murals and dimensional artwork ourselves.  We cannot be held liable for any damage or injury that is incurred from improper installation.
Shipping & Returns
Shipping Methods
Smaller murals and artwork are typically shipped via ground service with small package carriers such as UPS and FedEx. Items shipped via UPS or FedEx should arrive within 5 to 7 business days from the time it leaves our facility. If your UPS or FedEx item arrives damaged, please retain all packaging materials and contact our office at 1-863-868-6908 within one week of delivery to arrange for a replacement.
How Are Oversized Items Handled?
Some heavy or oddly shaped items must be shipped alone using a freight trucking company.  Usually, oversized items arrive in 7-14 full business days after leaving our facility.  Business days are Monday through Friday, excluding federal holidays within the United States. Some larger and heavier items can only be sent via ground freight, and it’s important to note that the freight trucking company is not responsible for unloading the item from the truck, or carrying the item inside.
Returns
Dänay Design™ strives to provide our clients with the highest quality artwork and a positive shopping experience. If you are not completely satisfied with your artwork, you may return it for a credit. Returned items must be in their original condition and their original packaging.
Simply call us within 10 business days of receipt of the item and we will issue you a Return Authorization Number (RAN), which is valid for 10 business days. Upon receipt of your approved return, Dänay Design™ will issue a credit for the purchase price of your item(s). Please note that shipping charges cannot be refunded by Dänay Design™; all shipping charges are the customer’s responsibility. We encourage you to send all returns via insured mail for protection against loss or damage.
You can email Customer Service (customerservice@danaydesign.com) or call us at 1-863-868-6908 Monday through Friday between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. (eastern).
Cancellations
After an order is placed if it is cancelled before it is shipped, no fees apply.  Any order cancelled after it has been shipped, we ask that you cover the shipping costs, including to return the item.
No restocking fees are charged at any time.
Be Sociable, Share!
Tweet
Your Shopping CartProduct CategoriesSelect a category 3D Mural Package (35)
3D Wall Art (70)
Aquarium Wraps™ (2)
Bella Butterflies (26)
Compassion in Art™ 2D Character Cutouts (98)
Fiberglass Sun (1)
Fine Art Prints (143)
Floor Graphics and Wayfinding (6)
Hallway Excursions™ (28)
Light Panels (15)
Photography Prints (198)
Porthole Frame (1)
Splash (14)
Waves (12)
Window & Wall Decal Packages (12)
Window Decals (100)
Product Search
Search for:
Newsletter Signup
Sign up to receive fun & informative monthly updates.
Name
Email
Check to receive our newsletter.
Your Privacy Is Safe With Us!
Follow Us!
Before and After Photos
Check out these amazing transformations!
Click Here! to see the before and after photos.
Download Our Catalog
As Seen In:
DanayDesignAbout Us
Compassion in Art!
Contact Us
Get a Quote
Home
ProductsStorefront
Wishlist
ServicesConsultation
Installation
Custom Projects
Sketches/Renderings
Round Table Video
Media RoomPress Releases
Dänay Design™ News
Healthcare News
Archives
Newsletter
ShoppingTerms and Conditions
© Copyright 2020 Dänay Design™
info@danaydesign.com