http://datacable.ca/privacy
COVID-19 UPDATELearn More >COVID-19 UPDATE
For our U.S. Customers we also offer:
The Canadian Advantage 1 USD = 1.29 CAD*
1-877-395-5133
CONTACT
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
INDUSTRIES
EQUIPMENT & TOOLS
ABOUT US
NEWS
CONTACT
PRIVACY
Privacy Policy
We at The Data Cable Company, Inc. respect and value your privacy.
This privacy policy applies to this website - www.datacable.ca.
Any personal information supplied to us via the website will remain within our organization and will not be sold, shared, or disclosed to any external entity without your prior written consent. The Contact Us form on www.datacable.ca provides a convenient means for online visitors to contact Data Cable for more information about our services and to request a quote for services. The information submitted by a visitor through the Contact Us form will be used to reply to the visitor specifically about their contact request and may be stored in a sales database if the contact us form submission was a potential sales lead.
Our website utilizes cookies and web server logs to collect information about how our website is used. Cookies are a feature of web browser software that allows web servers to recognize the computer used to access a website. Cookies are files stored by a user's web browser on the user's hard drive. Cookies remember what information a user accesses on a given web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that specific site by the same user, making it easier for a user to move from web page to web page.
Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits, time spent on the website, pages viewed, and the websites visited immediately before and after our website. This information is collected on an aggregate basis; none of this information is associated with you as an individual, and no PII (personally identifiable information) is collected. We may share anonymous aggregated data with other companies for market research purposes.
We use Google Analytics, a free analytics measurement tool, to help better understand the overall usage of our website by its visitors, and to make it more useful for visitors. We also use Google Analytics to help measure and improve our online marketing efforts. Types of information collected and analyzed include: specific web pages visited, how long visitors spend on the website, general geographic and device information, what websites referred the most traffic, and what marketing channels are driving the most visitors to the site.
Google Analytics uses session cookies and persistent cookies to anonymously collect standard visitor behaviour and Internet log information. Persistent cookies are stored on your computer and expire two years after your last visit to www.datacable.ca. The information generated by the cookies about your use of www.datacable.ca will be passed on to Google. No personally identifying information (PII) is recorded or provided to Google. Aggregate Google Analytics data is only made available to designated Data Cable staff who need this information to perform their employment duties.
We may also use Google AdWords for Display and Remarketing advertising on other websites through the Google AdWords Display Network. For Remarketing advertising, Google AdWords uses cookies to display Data Cable promotional banner ads on other websites based off website visitors’ past visits to www.datacable.ca.
For more information, please review Google Analytics, How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps, and Google AdWords. For additional details on Google’s Privacy Policy, please visit http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
Please note that when using a link from our website to another website, our privacy policy is no longer in effect. Browsing and interaction on other websites, including websites with a link on our website, is subject to that website's policies. We recommend exercising caution and reviewing the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
This privacy policy may change at any time with or without notice. By using the information on this site, you accept and agree to the contents within this privacy policy.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or content on our website, please contact us at information@datacable.ca.
ABOUT US
Our Company
Our People
Community Giving
Careers
Policies
Regulatory & Environmental Info
Industries
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Products & Services
Equipment & Tools
Why Outsource to Data Cable
Advantages
Added Value
STAY INFORMED
News
CONTACT
31 Robb Boulevard
Orangeville, ON L9W 3L1
1-877-395-5133
CONTACT US
© 2020 The Data Cable Co. Inc.   |   Privacy Policy
*USD-CAD Exchange Rate Updated Hourly