https://daytraderswin.com/privacy/
Home
Services
Trades-3 Years
Trades 2020 (Jul – Dec)
Trades 2020 (Jan – June)
Trades 2019 (Jul-Dec)
Trades 2019 (Jan-June)
Trades 2018 (Jul-Dec)
Trades 2018 (Jan-June)
Trades 2017 (July-Dec)
Day Trader?
Day Trading?
Videos
Master Stock Coach
949-218-4114
Home
Services
Trading Stocks
Trades 2020 (7-12)
Trades 2020 (1-6)
Trades 2019 (7-12)
Trades 2019 (1-6)
Trades 2018 (7-12)
Videos
Trades 2020 (Jul – Dec)
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill you specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology; however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
Email: Support@DayTradersWin.com
Phone: 949-218-4114
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy.
Any changes to this policy will be posted.
What Clients Say...
Testimonials
I have implemented many of the ideas, day trading strategies, simple day trading rules you recommended to develop my trading skills and my financial performance has sky rocketed. You are the best.
Bobby Ferduson
John’s “in the now” online day trading perspective, ideas, calls, his intuitive skills, tips, and recommendations on how to remain a daytrade winner, to be highly competitive in today’s stock markets are invaluable, to say the least. Moreover, John delivers his day trading system and message with confidence, integrity and a style that is sure to command the attention and respect of any day trader in search of his dream of success.
Ben Madison
John knows Day Trading! Few traders can match John for creative thinking and having the right day trading system to get the job done. Although I have known John personally, this recommendation is purely based on his skills and ability he delivers as a day trader genius.
Christopher Anthony
John is one of the most engaging, insightful, knowledgeable and inspiring persons that I have ever met.
He is an exceptional and very intuitive day trader who has a wealth of knowledge in day trading and winning.
Selma Tanssy
Until this year, I’d always thought that my efforts were on track… that was until I reached out to John for some trading advice. John showed me just how much the markets and trading, short or long term, have changed and why I needed to change.
Christopher Anthony
John gave me valuable day trading insight on how to be a winning day trader, on building my own day trading business and some great day trading tips on how to be in the present moment bbefore, during, and after each trade, where before I mostly fretted about losing and begging the gods to win.
Darlene Elenor
John traded with me in a chat room scalping stocks intraday. His calls are spot on and he has a knack for finding the stocks that are moving right now. His bus motto, “if it ain’t movn why get on?” can help any novice trader learn to win the day trading game every day, in all market conditions.
Rahul Singhal
Not only is John a great day trader and coach for my winning – he is also a very compassionate and caring coach who cares about my needs helping me resolve my trading problems, now – either privately in the trading room, by phone, as available, and other near-instant means. That’s very valuable – nothing better than addressing issues as they occur, so it’s possible not to repeat.
Ever since I met John, he has been a money-making breath of fresh air for me, in a sea of day trading troubles.… Read more
Alvina Amabel
John’s coaching plugged me directly into what I needed to know and learn about the marketplace and my trading to shift from a do nothing day trader to a champion wealth builder.
Billy Jack
John’s support is candid, simple, yet captivating. I can’t wait to daytrade the next day with John, and celebrate the wins.
Laurensia Jovita
Don’t expect to get rich quick. Do expect to learn fast, stay in tune with the markets and stock day trading opportunities, and be on the big money side of most of his stock trading calls he makes in the day trading room.
Ben Madison
Please Like my Page, thanks
Back to Top