https://dba.com.au/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy2018-04-20T06:25:51+10:00
Privacy
What we record
When you visit the Disc Brakes Australia (DBA) web site, we record anonymous information about your visit and log the following information for statistical purposes: your server address, your top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, .uk etc), date and time of visit to the site, pages accessed and documents downloaded, referring site, and type of browser used.
This information is not specific to an individual and is used for system administration purposes, as well as statistical analysis. While anonymous information does not tell us anything about you specifically, it tells us about how you use our site
No attempt is made by DBA to identify users or their browsing activities except, in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect DBA’s logs.
Relevant legislation
DBA is subject to the Privacy Act 1988 (Cwlth). The Commonwealth Privacy Act 1988, Information Privacy Principles 1 to 3, regulate collection of personal information.
Cookies
Another type of anonymous information shared between your browser and our server is a cookie. A cookie is a small text file that a server places on your hard drive to identify that subsequent requests to a site have come from the same user.
DBA uses cookies to ‘remember’ your browser between page visits. In this situation, the cookie identifies your browser, not you personally.
DBA uses cookies on this web site to develop patterns of site usage. You are not obliged to accept cookies and can set your browser to disable them or prompt you before accepting them. No personal information is stored within DBA’s cookies.
For more information on cookies refer to http://www.microsoft.com/info/cookies.htm?RLD=291
Email Addresses
DBA will only record your email address if you send us a message. This information will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it and will not be added to a mailing list. We will not use your email address for any other purpose, and will not disclose it, without your consent.
Forms
The main way in which DBA collects information from users is through forms provided on web pages. The user’s information is not collected by DBA without the user’s consent, that is, the user must click on a button provided to submit their information to DBA.
At or before the time DBA collects personal information, DBA will give notice, to the user of the DBA web site, of the purposes for which the information is collected.
Accountability
Users inquiring about their rights and remedies for breaches of privacy can access detailed information at the Australian Privacy Commissioner’s web site at http://www.privacy.gov.au/rights
External sites that are linked to or from DBA’s Internet site are not under our control and you are advised to review their privacy statements.
X
JOIN OUR MAILING LIST
First Name*
Last Name*
Email Address*
Company Name
I confirm that I have read and understood the DBA Privacy Policy
Go to Top