https://dc-system.dk/cookie-and-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Cookie and Privacy Policy
Home/Cookie and Privacy Policy
Cookie and Privacy Policyadmin2018-01-08T10:55:31+01:00
When you visit our website, information about you that is used to personalize and improve our content and to increase the value of the ads displayed on the site is collected. If you do not want information to be collected, you should delete your cookies (see instructions) and avoid further use of the website. Below we have elaborated on the information that is collected, their purpose and which third parties have access to them.
Cookies
The website uses "cookies", a text file that is stored on your computer, mobile or Similarly, for the purpose of recognizing it, remembering settings, performing statistics and targeting ads. Cookies cannot contain malicious code such as E. G. Virus.
It is possible to delete or block cookies. See instructions: http://minecookies.org/cookiehandtering
If you delete or block cookies, ads may become less relevant to you and will appear more frequently. In addition, you may not be able to work optimally and that there are content that you cannot access.
The site contains cookies from third parties that may include in varying degrees:
[Insert List of third parties that put cookies on the site. See Automatic Cookie History Update
or refer To this list of: Frequent third parties by digital advertising]
Personal data
General
Personal data are all kinds of information that can be attributed to you to some extent. When you use our website, we collect and process a number of such information. It happens for example. At Alm. Receipt of content If you sign up for our newsletter, participate in competitions or surveys, register as a user or subscriber, other use of services, or make purchases through the website.
We typically collect and process the following types of information: a unique ID and technical information about your computer, tablet or mobile phone, your IP number, geographic location, and what pages you click (Interests). To the extent that you expressly consent to this and enter the information yourself, the name, telephone number, e-mail, address and payment information are also processed. This will typically be associated with the creation of login or on purchase.
Security
We have taken technical and organisational measures to prevent your information from being deleted, disclosed, lost, impaired or unlawfully known, misused or otherwise treated in violation of Legislation.
Purpose
The information is used to identify you as a user and show you the ads that will be most likely to be relevant to you, to record your purchases and payments, and to provide the services you have requested, such as To submit a newsletter. In addition, we use the information to optimize our services and content.
Period of storage
The information is retained for the time allowed by law and we delete them when they are no longer necessary. The period depends on the nature of the information and the background for storage. Therefore, it is not possible to set a general time frame for when information is deleted.
Disclosure of information
Data about your use of the website, which ads you receive and possibly. Geographical location, gender and age segment, etc. disclosed to third parties to the extent that this information is known. You can see which third parties are in the "Cookies" section above. The information is used to target advertising.
We also use a number of third parties for data storage and processing. They only process information on our behalf and may not use them for their own purposes.
Transfers of personal data such as name and e-mail, etc. Will only happen if you give consent to it. We only use data processors in the EU or in countries that can provide adequate protection for your information.
Insights and complaints
You have the right to be informed of the personal data we process about you. You may also object to the use of information at any time. You can also revoke your consent to the processing of information about you. If the information processed about you is incorrect, you have the right to be corrected or deleted. This can be done to: info@dc-system.dk. If you would like to complain about our processing of your personal data, you also have the opportunity to make contact with the data Protection Supervisor.
Publisher
The website is owned and published by:
DC-System Insulation A/S
Nordvestvej 8
9600 Aars
Phone: + 45 98 62 42 00
Email: info@dc-system.dk
Toggle Sliding Bar Area
We use cookies Read moreAccept
Go to Top