https://ddwcolor.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
California Privacy Rights
Cookie Policy
Effective Date: March 31, 2020
This Privacy Policy describes information DDW, Inc. (“DDW” or “we”) may collect when you visit www.ddwcolor.com (the “Site”), submit a direct inquiry to DDW through electronic means, attend our promotional stands or online events  where you may share your personal data with DDW,  contact us via telephone, interact with us on social media, or click on or respond to any advertisements. This Privacy Policy discloses how DDW stores, uses, discloses, or shares that information.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. If you do not agree, please do not access or use the Site. By accessing or using the Site, or by clicking “I agree,” you agree to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. DDW will post the modified version at this link. Your continued use of the Site after the Privacy Policy is modified is deemed to be acceptance of those modifications.
1. Scope(a) Use of Site. This Privacy Policy applies to information collected when you use the Site, and in electronic communications transmitted through the Site. It does not apply to information collected offline. In addition, this Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by any third parties, whether or not the Site includes links to the websites of those third parties.
(b) Intended Audience. This Site is not intended for individuals who have not yet reached the age of majority or are under the age of 18. If you have not reached the age of majority or you are under the age of 18, do not use or provide any information on or through this Site.
2. Information We CollectDDW collects personal information and non-personal information. DDW collects information that may personally identify you, such as your name, email address, company name, title, street address, phone number, and information that permits DDW to contact you. If you request a sample, DDW collects your name, email address, title, company name, phone number, street address, and any information you submit about the application on which you are working (e.g. bakery, beverage, confectionary). For purposes of this Privacy Policy, personal information includes information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could be reasonably linked to you. DDW collects some information that is about you individually, but does not identify you, and collects information about your internet connection, your device used to access the Site, and your use of the Site. If DDW combines that information with personal information, it will treat it as non-personal information.
3. How We CollectDDW collects information from and about you directly when you provide such information to DDW and automatically when you use the Site.
(a) Information You Provide. DDW collects information you provide when you make inquiries using the “contact” form, request a sample, or otherwise correspond with DDW. The information collected may include anything submitted by you to the Site and may include copies of the correspondence.
(b) Information Collected Automatically. When you visit or otherwise use the Site, DDW collects details about your access and use of the Site automatically through cookies, pixels, and other technology, including details about your device, internet connection, operating system, browser type, browsing actions, and the resources that you access and use on the Site, other traffic data and location data. The information DDW collects automatically may include personal information or DDW may associate it with personal information it collects in other ways or receives from third parties. If DDW associates such data with personal information, DDW will treat it as personal information, but if such data is not associated with other personal information, DDW will treat it as non-personal information.
4. Cookies and Related TechnologyDDW may use the following technologies to collect data as you visit the Site. To learn more about DDW’s use of cookies and your choices, please see DDW’s Cookie Policy. [link]
Browser cookies are small files placed on your device. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting, you may be unable to access or use certain parts of the Site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse browser cookies, DDW’s system will issue browser cookies when you direct the browser to the Site. Below is a chart showing the cookies that DDW currently uses on the Site:
Cookie
Description
Type
_ga
This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site’s analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors.
Analytics
_gid
This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing. The data collected including the number of visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visited in an anonymous form.
Analytics
_gat
This cookie is installed by Google Universal Analytics to throttle the request rate to limit the collection of data on high traffic sites.
Analytics
5. How We UseDDW uses information that you provide and/or that DDW collects to present the Site to you, improve the Site, deliver a more personalized service to you, to provide you with information, samples, and/or services that you request from DDW, to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide such information, to provide you with information you requested, in any other way DDW may describe when you provide the information, and for any other purpose with your consent. The way DDW uses such information is described in more detail in the chart below. DDW may aggregate the information you provide or that DDW collects from you with information collected from other users to allow DDW to evaluate its products and services. DDW may use the information it collects to contact you about DDW’s products and services that may interest you; and, if required by law, we will obtain your approval to do so. If you do not want DDW to use your information this way, please see Section 7 below.
Why DDW processes your information
Legal basis for the processing purpose
To respond to your request, to provide you with the sample you requested, to fulfill the purpose for which you provide the information.
o   Performance of a contract
o   Your consent
To personalize and improve your experience with the Site
o   Legitimate interest
To ensure technical functionality and proper operation of the Site
o   Legitimate interest
To improve our products and develop new products and services
o   Legitimate interest
To communicate with you for services-related purposes, such as regarding support issues and customer service inquiries
o   Performance of a contract
o   Legitimate interest
o   Consent
To communicate with you, for the following purposes: to respond to a request, marketing, research, or other promotional purposes, via email, notifications or other messages, consistent with any permissions you may have communicated to us
o   Consent
o   Legitimate Interest
To comply with our legal obligations
o   Legitimate Interest
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights
o   Legitimate Interest
o   Contract
In any other way described when the information is collected
o   Legitimate interest
o   Consent
6. To Whom We Disclose(a) General. DDW may disclose aggregated information about its users and information that does not identify any individual without restriction. DDW may disclose personal information that it collects or you provide as described in this Privacy Policy, to DDW’s affiliates, contractors, distributors, or service providers, and other third parties DDW uses to support its business; to a purchaser or successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of DDW’s assets; to fulfill the purpose for which you provided the personal information; for any other purpose when you consent to such disclosure at the time you provide the information. DDW may also disclose your personal information to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request, to enforce DDW’s terms of use and other agreements, and if DDW believes disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of DDW, its customers, or others.
(b) No Disclosure for Third Party Direct Marketing. DDW does not share personal information it receives or collects from you with third parties for their direct marketing purposes (to market their own goods or services directly to you) and will not do so in the future unless you have first consented and then only unless or until you withdraw your consent.
(c) Google Analytics. The Site uses Google Analytics. Google Analytics assists DDW with collecting and monitoring data about traffic to the Site. Google Analytics collects visitation information via Google advertising cookies and identifiers. We will use the information collected by these analytics providers to gain a better understanding of the users of our Site, to improve our Site, to show Google ads for and to improve our services and product offerings. You can learn how Google collects and processes data by visiting the following website: www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. If you would like to opt-out of the collection of data by Google Analytics, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/. For information about how to opt out of Google Marketing Platform’s use of cookies, visit https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1. For more information about targeting and advertising cookies and how to opt out of those, visit optout.aboutads.info.
7. Your ChoicesYou have some choices about how personal information you provide to us or that we collect is used.
(a) Do Not Track. DDW’s Site does not respond to web browser Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
(b) Tracking Technologies. You may set your browser to refuse some or all browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how to manage Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that parts of the Site may not be accessible or may not function properly.
(c) Updating Information. You may contact DDW at the contact information set forth below to request access to, correct, or delete certain personal information that you have provided to DDW. DDW may not accommodate a request to change information if DDW believes the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
(d) California Residents. You may see the Supplemental Notice applicable to California residents here [link].
8. For Residents of EEAIf you reside in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), the following provisions apply to you:
(a) Access. You may request access to your personal information and the following information regarding our use of it: (i) purpose of the use, (ii) categories of personal information used, and (iii) to whom we have disclosed your personal information.
(b) Correction. You may request that DDW correct any inaccurate personal information we have.
(c) Right to Be Forgotten. You may request that DDW erase your personal information when DDW no longer needs such data.
(d) Withdraw Consent. If DDW’s ability to use your personal information depends on consent you have given, you may withdraw such consent.
(e) Restriction. You may request that DDW restrict (or suspend) use of your personal information.
(f) Object. You may object to DDW’s use of your personal information to perform services you have not requested.
(g) Copies and Portability. You may request copies of your personal information that DDW possesses in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and you may request that this be transmitted to another controller.
(h) Complaint. You may lodge a complaint with the supervising authority of your country.
9. Data TransferDDW stores your personal information in the United States. The privacy protections in the United States may not be the same as in your home country. If you are located in a country outside the U.S. and submit personal information to DDW, you consent to the general use and disclosure of such information as provided in this Privacy Policy and to the transfer and/or storage of that information to the U.S.
10. Data Retention and Security(a) Data Retention. DDW may store your personal information as long as you use DDW’s services and/or request DDW’s goods in order to provide you with such goods and services and for legitimate business purposes. DDW may store your personal information to the extent required to comply with DDW’s legal, accounting, and/or reporting requirements and to provide information about DDW’s products or services that you may request. Additionally, DDW may continue to store your personal information contained in standard back-ups. Upon your request, DDW will delete or de-identify your personal information unless DDW is legally required or allowed to maintain such personal information.
(b) Data Security. DDW has implemented some measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. DDW cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to or through the Site. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. DDW is not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained in the Site.
11. Changes to Privacy PolicyChanges to the Privacy Policy will be posted on this page. If DDW makes material changes to the way it treats users’ personal information, it may choose to notify you by email or through a notice in addition to posting. The date the Privacy Policy was last revised appears at the top of the Privacy Policy. You are responsible for ensuring DDW has a current email address for you and for periodically visiting the Site and the Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
12. ChildrenThe Site is not for children. DDW does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18 through the Site. If DDW learns that it has collected or received such information, it will delete that information. If you believe we might have information from or about a child under the age of 18, please let us know by contacting us using the information set forth in Section 13.
13. Contact InformationIf you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy and DDW’s privacy practices, please contact DDW at:
DDW, Inc.
Attn: Ann Leonard
100 S. Spring St.
Louisville, KY 40206
Phone: (800) 227-2631
Email: ann.leonard@ddwcolor.com
If you have any questions or comments about this Cookie Policy and DDW’s privacy practices, please contact DDW at:
DDW, Inc.
Attn: Ann Leonard
100 S. Spring St.
Louisville, KY 40206
Phone: (800) 227-2631
Email: ann.leonard@ddwcolor.com
We use cookies on our website to provide you with the best experience. By using our site you consent to the use of cookies and our privacy policy. You can read more about what cookies are and how we use them in our privacy policy.I understandprivacy policy