http://debacscales.com/terms.aspx
About
Services
Products
Gallery
Documents
Contact Us
Home
About
Services
Gallery
Documents
Contact Us
NEW for 2015, Newton EJ Series - EJ-123 Compact Balance w/ 5 Year Warranty!
Full List of Services & Products
Terms & Conditions
Usage Information.
Please note that this website is provided "as is" and should be accessed and used by you at your own risk. Although reasonable efforts are used to ensure that the website will be current and will contain no errors or inaccuracies, no representations, warranties, guarantees or conditions (whether expressed or implied) are given as to the operation of this website or that this website and the information, content or materials included in this website will be error free, or completely accurate, or current at all times, or at any time.
All content, including without limitation, all text, design, graphics, drawings, photographs, code and software, and all organization and presentation of such content, which forms a part of this website, are subject to intellectual property rights, including copyright and trade-marks held by or licensed to DEBAC Electronic Scale Supply All such rights are expressly reserved.
You are permitted to copy electronically and print hard copies of pages from this website for your own non-commercial and lawful use, provided that such copies clearly display the copyright and any other proprietary notices of DEBAC Electronic Scale Supply No other copying of this website, in whole or in part, is permitted without the expressed written authorization of DEBAC Electronic Scale Supply
"DEBAC Electronic Scale Supply", "debacscales.com.", and certain other names, words, logos, slogans and images used on this website are the property of and are subject to trade-mark rights held by DEBAC Electronic Scale Supply Certain other trade-marks, trade names, words, logos, slogans and images listed on this website are the property of their respective owners. Use of any such property, except as expressly authorized, shall constitute a violation of the rights of the owner of the property.
This website may contain links to other websites. All such other websites are independent from this website and from DEBAC Electronic Scale Supply has no control over and expressly disclaims any liability for such websites or their contents. The provision of any link does not constitute an endorsement of such linked website by DEBAC Electronic Scale Supply
DEBAC Electronic Scale Supply and its directors, employees, agents, representatives, successors and assigns shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out, or related to access to, or use of this website or any other website linked to this website, whether or not such damages might be foreseeable and even if DEBAC Electronic Scale Supply is informed of their possibility, including without limitations liability for direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages (including lost profits, lost savings, business interruption or loss of data).
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by visiting us at www.debacscales.com.
Upon request, we offer visitors no ability to have factual inaccuracies corrected in information that we maintain about them.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information, such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us via phone or email by visiting the “Contact Us” page above.
Related
Read Integra Technologies' Privacy Policy. What does this mean? A privacy policy is a statement that declares how we collect, store, and release personal information we collect. Any information we collect is kept confidential. Want to learn more? Click Here
Request a Quote
Contact us directly at (586) 752-2751 or electronically submit your question directly to us.