https://defected.com/privacy-policy
Cookie Consent
Defected would like to use cookies to store information on your computer to improve our website and to enable us to advertise to you those products and services which we believe may be of interest to you. One of the cookies we use is essential for parts of the site to work and has already been sent. You may delete and block all cookies from this site but some elements may not work correctly. To find out more about online behavioural advertising or about the cookies we use and how to delete them, please refer to our privacy policy. By closing, you're agreeing to cookies being used in line with our Cookie Policy.
Allow Cookies
DSTORE – WORLDWIDE SHIPPING - ORDER NOW FOR CHRISTMAS DELIVERY
DSTORE – WORLDWIDE SHIPPING - ORDER NOW FOR CHRISTMAS DELIVERY
facebook
google
twitter
spotify
close
close-white
defected_logo
arrow-thin
search
Youtube-color
Instagram-color
Spotify-color
Facebook-color
deezer old
deezer
apple-music
soundcloud
user
beatport
traxsource-1
play-music
shop
arrow
menu
angle-down
mastercard
amex
maestro
visa
close-bold
amazon
pause
snapchat
snapchat-color
youtubemusic
playlist
deezer
deezer
download
whatsapp
youtubemusic
youtube
traxsource
tidal
spotify
soundcloud
mixcloud
itunes
google-play
defectedrecords
beatport
bandcamp
applemusic
serv-icon-applemusic-large
amazonmusic
amazoncd
amazon
napster
download
Privacy
Policy
DEFECTED INTERNET PRIVACY AND COOKIES POLICY
General:At Defected we are committed to safeguarding and preserving the privacy of our visitors. This privacy policy explains what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you whilst you visit www.defected.com (“Website”) and how we use cookies on this Website. We do update this policy from time to time so please do review this policy regularly albeit we will advise you of any update via email or pop-up on your next visit following any such update in any case.Information that we collect: 1. In running and maintaining our Website we may collect and process the following data about you: Information about your use of our site including details of your visits such as pages viewed and the resources that you access. Such information includes traffic data, location data and other communication data.2. Information provided voluntarily by you. For example, when you register for information (including name, date of birth, residential address, email address, telephone number, payment information and location data). 3. Information that you provide when you communicate with us by any means. Occasionally we may receive information about you from other sources, for example from any third party websites, applications or sign-in services (such as Facebook Connect) that integrate or communicate with the Website in relation to you. If so, we will add this information to the information we already hold about you in order to help us carry out the activities listed below. In certain cases you will be required to indicate your consent to the processing of your information as set out in this privacy policy when you first submit such information to Defected.Use of cookies:Cookies provide information regarding the computer used by a visitor. We may use cookies where appropriate to gather information about your computer in order to assist us in improving our Website. We may gather information about your general internet use by using the cookie. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer and stored on the computer’s hard drive. Such information will not identify you personally. It is statistical data which does not identify any personal details whatsoever.Our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have no control. Such cookies (if used) would be downloaded once you click on any advertisements that may appear on our Website.You can adjust the settings on your computer to decline any cookies if you wish. This can be done within the “settings” section of your computer. For more information please read the advice at AboutCookies.org.Use of your information:From 25th May 2018, under applicable Data Protection Law we may only process your information if we have a “legal basis” (i.e. a legally permitted reason) for doing so. For the purposes of this privacy policy our legal basis for processing your information is based on the provision of your consent.We use the information that we collect from you to provide our services to you. In addition to this we may use the information for one or more of the following purposes:1.To provide information to you that you request from us relating to our products, services, promotions, offers and competitions.2.To inform you of any changes to our Website, services or goods and products. We never give your details to third parties to use your data to enable them to provide you with information regarding unrelated goods or services.
Add our Defected app to home screen: tap
and then Add to home screen Close