http://derrick.com/privacy
FAMILY OWNED AND OPERATED SINCE 1951
Global Network
Resource Center
Contact Us
About Derrick›
About Derrick ‹ Back Letter from the Family
Global Family®
Pioneering Technology®
Derrick Innovations
Markets Served›
Markets Served ‹ Back Mining & Industrial
Oil & Gas Drilling
Civil Construction
Products›
Products ‹ Back
BELT SCALPERS
Flo-Line Primer
Flo-Line Primer II
PUMPS
Centrifugal Pump
CENTRIFUGES
Full Hydraulic Drive
Gearbox Drive
Variable Frequency Drive
DEGASSERS
Atmospheric Degasser
Vacuum Degasser
DRY SCREENING MACHINES
Front-to-Back Dry Machines
Traditional Dry Machines
FLOW DISTRIBUTORS
Integrated Flo-Divider
Shaker Flo-Divider
Wet Screening Flo-Divider
HYDROCYCLONES
Desanders
Desilters
INTERSTAGE SCREENS
G-Vault Interstage Screen
MUD AGITATORS
Mud Agitator
MUD HOPPER
Mud Hopper
SCREEN MEDIA
API RP 13C (ISO 13501) Compliant Screens
SYNTHETIC SCREENS
Polyweb Screens
Urethane Scalping Screens
WOVEN WIRE SCREENS
Flat Screens
Pyramid Screens
Sandwich Screens
SHALE SHAKERS
Dual Pool 600 Series
Flo-Line Cleaner 2000
Flo-Line Cleaner 400
Flo-Line Cleaner 500
Hyperpool Series
Hyperpool Kits
TANK SYSTEMS
Fines Recovery System
Mini Separation System
Modular Slurry Separation Plant
VIBRATORY MOTORS
Super G
Super G2
Super G3
W Motor
WET SCREENING & DEWATERING MACHINES
HI-CAP
HI-G Dewatering Machine
High Shear Screen
Linear Motion
Multifeed
Repulp
Stack Sizer
SuperStack
Service & Support›
Service & Support ‹ Back Education & Training
Customer Service
Patents
Product Manuals
Technical Support
Testing Facility
News & Events›
News & Events ‹ Back News
Events
Privacy
Home /
Privacy
DERRICK CORPORATION PRIVACY POLICY
Acceptance of the Terms of Use
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) is entered into by and between you and Derrick Corporation (“Company”, “we”, “us”, “our”).  This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect, how it is used, and how it is secured, including, but not limited to, information collected through our website www.derrick.com (the “Website”).  We have created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our commitment to the privacy of our customers and Website users.  Because we gather important information from our Website users, partners and visitors, we have established this as a means to communicate our information gathering and dissemination practices.
This Privacy Policy is effective with respect to any data that we’ve collected, or collect, about and/or from you, according to our Terms of Use.  Please read the Privacy Policy carefully before you start to use the Website.  By using the Website or by clicking to accept or agree to the Privacy Policy when this option is made available to you, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, found at http://derrick.com/terms, incorporated herein by reference (the “Terms of Use”).  If you do not want to agree to the Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy, you must not access or use the Website.
If you have any questions or comments, or if you want to update, delete, or change any personal information we hold, or you have a concern about the way in which we have handled any privacy matter, please contact us at:
Derrick Corporation
590 Duke Road
Buffalo, New York 14225 U.S.A.
info@derrick.com
(716) 683-9010
Information Collection and Usage
In your dealings with the Company, you may provide us with personal information.  Personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy means information that can be used to personally identify you or is associated with any such information, or personal information may be defined by the laws of the location where you live.
We require customers who request information, and subsequently use our products and services, to provide contact information such as their name, company name, company address, company phone number, company email address and (later) company billing information such as billing name and address.  We may maintain log files tracking IP addresses to analyze trends, help diagnose problems with our Website servers, and to monitor Website traffic/usage in order to provide better service to our customers and visitors.  We do note use IP addresses to personally identify individuals, and we does not link IP addresses to other forms of personal information, however IP addresses alone may be considered to be personal information under the laws of certain jurisdictions.
We use the collected information to set up accounts for our business customers.  We may also use personal information to contact individuals at our current or prospective business customers to further discuss their interest in our services and to send related information to them, if such individual has so opted to receive these communications.  You will always have the opportunity to choose to opt-out from receiving our newsletter or other non-account related emails.  We also reserve the right to use aggregated data for any lawful purpose, provided that the data is not linked to any specific individual.
We may use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us.  We may also use and/or disclose personal information in order to: provide you with any products or services that you have engaged us for; understand and meet your needs and preferences; develop new and enhance existing service and product offerings; manage and develop our business and operations; and meet legal and regulatory requirements.  We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order, to provide you with requested information, or to process a payment.  We do not share personal information with third parties for marketing or advertising purposes.
To be able to serve you, your personal information may be collected, stored and/or processed or otherwise used by or on our behalf in the United States by third party service providers, to perform cloud storage, payment processing and functions on our behalf.  As a result, U.S. courts, government or law enforcement agencies could obtain disclosure of such information under U.S. law.  Except where we are required by law to disclose personal information, we will use reasonable efforts to require any person to whom we provide your personal information to agree to comply with our then current Privacy Policy.  However, to the extent allowed under applicable law, we will have no liability to you if any person fails to do so.
Your Access to and Control Over Your Information
You may opt out of any future non-account related contacts from us at any time.  You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the mailing address, email address or phone number provided in this Privacy Policy:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you (except as set forth below).
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
We will work to keep your data accurate and up to date, to the extent that you provide us with the information we need to do that.  If your data changes (like a new email address), then you are responsible for notifying us of those changes.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we will retain your information for as long as your customer account is active or as long as needed to provide you with the products or services that you have requested.  We may also retain and use your information in order to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent abuse, and enforce our agreements.  We do not intend to retain personal information longer than necessary for such purpose(s), unless required for compliance with a legal obligation.
We will provide an individual with access to any personal information we hold about them within thirty (30) days of any request for that information.  Individuals may request this information from us by contacting us using the contact information provided above.  Unless it’s prohibited by law or otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy, we’ll remove any personal information about an individual from our servers at their request.  There is no charge for an individual to access or update his or her personal information.
Cookie Policy
We may use “cookies” from time to time to help personalize your online experience with us. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer, and can help us make your visit to our Website more user friendly.  Cookies provide us with information about your use of the Website that can help us improve the Website and your experience with it.  Any personal information collected about you through cookies will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  If you have set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you should receive a warning message with each cookie.  You may refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser, however you should be aware that our Website, like most other popular sites, may not work as well with cookies disabled.
This site uses analytics cookies from Google Analytics.  These widely used functional cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our Website is being used, how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our Website for you in order to enhance your experience.  We do not have access or control over these third party cookies.  For more information about Google Analytics, please refer to the website, “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Security
We will make reasonable efforts to ensure that your personal data are properly secured, however, nobody is safe from hackers.  If a security breach causes an unauthorized intrusion into our system that materially affects you, then we will promptly notify you in accordance with applicable legal requirements.
Online Tracking / Do Not Track
We do not track our visitors across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore we do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.  However, some third party sites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you.  If you are visiting such sites, your internet browser may allow you to set the DNT signal on your browser so that third parties (particularly advertisers) know you do not want to be tracked.
No Collection of Children’s Personal Information
Our Website is intended for audiences at least 18 years old.  We do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.  We reserve the right to delete any information we believe to be in violation of this Privacy Policy.
Data Privacy Rights for Individuals in the European Union and/or the European Economic Area
In addition to your right to certain information contained in this Privacy Policy, pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation, you have the following rights regarding your personal data that we hold:
be informed of our intent to transfer your personal information to another country or international organization, the recipients of that information, and where information regarding the applicable privacy safeguards may be obtained;
request access to your personal information;
request correction of your personal information if it is incorrect;
request that we delete or stop processing your personal information under certain circumstances;
object to our processing of your personal information under certain circumstances;
request that we restrict our processing of your personal information, and where our processing is based on your consent, withdraw that consent (which may be done by emailing: info@derrick.com) without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal;
request that we transmit your personal information either to you or another service provider under certain circumstances (costs may apply);
be informed of your right to complain to a supervisory authority if you feel that we have not complied with applicable laws regulating your personal information (contact information for supervisory authorities may be found at:  http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm).
Please note that the above rights are not absolute, and we may be entitled to refuse requests where exceptions apply.  For more information, or to make a request, please email: info@derrick.com with your name, email address, request, and basis for your request.
Social Media Platforms and Links to Other Websites
Our website includes social media features and links to third party websites, such as links to our Facebook® and LinkedIn® pages.  These third parties may collect information about your IP address and which page you’re visiting on our Website, and they may set a cookie to make sure any related Website features function properly.  Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site.  Any information, communications, or materials you submit to us via a social media platform is done at your own risk without any expectation of privacy.  We cannot control the actions of other users of these platforms or the actions of the platforms themselves.  Your interactions with any such third party features and platforms are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them.
No Liability
You understand that electronic communications may be accessed by unauthorized parties when communicated across the Internet, network communications facilities, or other electronic means.  You agree that we are not responsible for any electronic communication and/or any of your data which may be lost, altered, intercepted or stored without authorization during the transmission of any data whatsoever across networks not owned and/or operated by us.  We do not guarantee that your information will not be misused or disclosed to third parties.  We will not have any liability to you for any such misuse or disclosure.
Consent
By using the Website or by engaging our services, you consent to the collection and use of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.  Except as required or allowed by law, we will not use or disclose your personal information for any purpose for which you refuse us consent or later withdraw your consent.  If you withdraw consent, you agree that in spite of this withdrawal we may continue to use the personal information previously provided to us to the extent that we are legally or contractually obligated to do so and to the extent necessary to enforce any contractual obligations you may have to us.  You also understand that although you can use our Website for some purposes without providing us with any personal information, we need personal information about you for some services, including those that involve an ongoing relationship with us or our partners.  If you refuse to provide us with the information we require or later withdraw your consent to use and disclose this information, we may no longer be able to provide you with these services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and customer feedback or changes to data privacy legislation.  We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of how we are using and protecting your personal information.  This Privacy Policy has an effective date of 10/16/2018.
Our success is fully dependent on people. Priority one is to serve our global families; our tenured employees, multi-national partners, and surrounding communities. Our unique, close-knit culture and shared, long-term outlook is not only paramount to our success, but to the success of all integral stakeholders.
Proudly made in the U.S.A.
Contact Us
Derrick Corporation
(Corporate Headquarters)
590 Duke Road
Buffalo, New York 14225 U.S.A.
Phone: +1 (716) 683 - 9010
Derrick Equipment Company
(Oil & Gas Headquarters)
15630 Export Plaza Drive
Houston, Texas 77032 U.S.A.
Phone: +1 (281) 590 - 3003
Contact Us
Recent News
Derrick® Selected for Newbuild Rig Equipment Package
ARCELORMITTAL NIPPON STEEL INDIA (FORMERLY ESSAR) INTRODUCES DERRICK® SUPERSTACKS IN DABUNA IRON ORE BENEFICIATION PLANT
NEW DERRICK® MINING & INDUSTRIAL REPRESENTATIVE FOR CARIBBEAN & CENTRAL AMERICA
DERRICK® INTRODUCES G-VAULT® POLYURETHANE INTERSTAGE SCREEN
DERRICK® AWARDED 1st
PLACE FOR SOLIDS CONTROL EQUIPMENT
DERRICK® PARTNERS WITH NEW DISTRIBUTOR IN NORWAY FOR STATFJORD A SHAKER UPGRADE
AMP BECOMES AN EXCLUSIVE DERRICK® (M&I) AUTHORIZED DISTRIBUTOR FOR SPAIN & PORTUGAL
DERRICK® LAUNCHING SUPERSTACK® TECHNOLOGY AT VALE IN BRAZIL
BRH-GARVER REAPS BENEFITS OF HIGH EFFICIENCY, RAPID SETUP SEPARATION PLANT
PRODUCING PREMIUM GRADE IRON ORE IN UKRAINE WITH DERRICK® STACK SIZER® TECHNOLOGY
Connect
Facebook
LinkedIn
Customers
Make Payment
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
© 2020 Derrick Corporation.  All rights reserved.  Derrick and its products indicated by trademark symbols are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Derrick Corporation.
Please note: Information on this website is subject to change. To obtain accurate dimensions and equipment configurations, please contact the Derrick Houston Engineering Department for an updated GA drawing.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
DE-7200 Centrifuge Notification
Read More