https://designetics.com/privacy/
Privacy
Designetics Inc. Global Internet Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to Designetics, Inc. (“Designetics Inc.” or “we” or “us” or “our”) and the visitors to this Web Site (the “Web Site”).
We respect the privacy of our visitors.  We collect only such personal information as is needed to provide the information, service, or assistance that you request.
Information We Collect Automatically
If you visit the Web Site to browse, read, or download information:
Your web browser automatically sends us (and we may retain) information such as the Internet domain through which you access the Internet; Internet Protocol address of the computer you are using; type of browser software and operating system you are using; date and time you access the Web Site; and the Internet address of the site from which you linked directly to the Web Site.
We will use this information as aggregate data to help us maintain the Web Site, e.g., to determine the number of visitors to different sections of the Web Site, to ensure the Web Site is working properly, and to solve technical problems with the service, to calculate overall usage statistics, and to otherwise help us make the Web Site more accessible and useful.
We will not use this information to identify individuals, except for site security or law enforcement purposes.
We will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit the Web Site, unless you choose to provide such information.
We reserve the right to contact visitors regarding account status and changes to the subscriber agreement, privacy statement, or any other policies or agreements relevant to site visitors.
Other Information We Collect
If you choose to identify yourself (or otherwise provide us with personal information) when you use our online forms:  We will collect (and may retain) any personally identifying information, such as your name, street address, email address, and phone number, and any other information you provide. We will use this information to try to fulfill your request and may use it to provide you with additional information at a later time. We will not disclose such information to third parties, except as specified in this Privacy Policy.
Personal data collected by Designetics Inc. will be used by us for editorial and feedback purposes, for marketing and promotional purposes, for a statistical analysis of users’ behavior, for product development, for content improvement, to inform advertisers as to how many visitors have seen or clicked on their advertisements, to communicate with visitors regarding their orders, and to customize content and layout of the Web Site.
If you request information, services, or assistance, we may disclose your personal information to those third parties that (in our judgment) are appropriate in order to fulfill your request. If, when you provide us with such information, you specify that you do not want us to disclose the information to third parties, we will honor your request. Note, however, that if you do not provide such information, it may be impossible for us to refer, respond to or fulfill your request.
If your communication relates to a law enforcement matter, we may disclose the information to law enforcement agencies that we deem appropriate.  Designetics Inc. may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Designetics Inc. will not collect or post information from children under the age of 18 (“children”) without their parent’s or guardian’s consent. Designetics Inc. does not provide any personally identifying information collected from children, regardless of its source, to any third party for any purpose whatsoever. No information collected from children is used for any marketing or promotional purposes whatsoever, either inside or outside Designetics Inc. Designetics Inc. encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate in any interactive activities offered on the sites.
How Long We Keep Information
We may keep information that we collect for an unlimited period of time.
Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only the policy of the Web Site and not sites that users access via links from the Web Site. Designetics Inc. is not responsible for the information collection policies of other sites, nor for the practices employed by websites linked to or from the Web Site, nor for the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Security
Please note, electronic communication, particularly email, is not necessarily secure against interception. Please do not send sensitive data (e.g., Social Security, bank account, or credit card numbers) by email or web form.
Cookies
We may use cookies in order to customize this Web Site for return visitors.  These cookies are not required for site functionality.  Additionally, third-party widgets such as YouTube or Flickr may install cookies depending on their configuration.  You are not required to accept any cookies to use the Web Site. Internet cookies save the visitor’s name, password, user-name, shopping cart, screen preferences, the pages of the Web Site viewed by the visitor, and the advertisements viewed or clicked by the visitor. When the visitor revisits the Web Site, Designetics Inc. may recognize the visitor by the Internet cookie and customize the visitor’s experience accordingly. Internet cookies are stored on the visitors hard drive and are not stored, in any form, by Designetics Inc.
Google Analytics
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of the Web Site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit the Web Site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the Web Site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve the Web Site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit the Web Site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Web Site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use (as amended for government websites) and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to the Web Site by disabling cookies on your browser.
Site Monitoring
For site security purposes our computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic. Anyone using this system consents to the monitoring of their use by system or security personnel.
Unauthorized use, tampering with or modification of this system—or its supporting hardware or software—may violate federal or other statutes and may subject the violator to criminal and civil penalties. In the event of unauthorized intrusion, all relevant information regarding possible violation of law may be provided to law enforcement officials.
Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that Designetics reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (eg. to track technology and/or legal changes), and these practices are subject to change at any time and for any reason, in our sole discretion.
This statement does not create an agreement between Designetics Inc. and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.