https://dieboldinsurance.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Personal
Commercial
Benefits
Team
Offices
Contact
Zywave
Menu
Home
Personal
Commercial
Benefits
Team
Offices
Contact
Zywave
Website Privacy Statement
We work to connect you with insurance product and services to meet your insurance needs. The terms “we”, “us”, and “our” refer to Diebold Insurance Agency and Diebold Detroit Insurance Agency. We are an independent agency that connects you to companies who can provide you with your insurance products and services. In connecting you with an insurance company, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We want you to understand when, how and why we collect, use and disclose your personal information.Personal information we collect and useWe do not collect any personal information about you at our website unless you choose to provide it to us voluntarily. We do not request or recommend that you provide personal information such as your Social Security Number, date of birth, or payment information through our website. The “personal information” we may request is contact information that is unique to you and might include your phone number, email address, name, or mailing/location address. If you encounter a screen or page that requests information you do not want to share with us, do not enter the information and do not proceed with that screen or page.If you do provide us with personal information, we will use it for the purposes described where it is collected, and we will not sell, license, transmit or disclose this information outside of the agency.E-MailWe appreciate your requests for insurance quotes from the Companies we partner with and welcome your e-mail messages to mailboxes listed on our website. We will share your messages with those withint our agency who are most capable of addressing the content of your message. We will keep a copy of your message until we have had an opportunity to address your concerns, and your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose.Confidentiality and securityIf you submit sensitive information to us at this website, the information is not protected. Do not provide sensitive information in the message box when you use our website contact forms to “request a quote” or “contact us”. We route the content of your message to our employees and others who need to know that information to provide services to you or in the course of conducting our normal business operations. We maintain what we believe to be appropriate physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect personal information from unauthorized access and use.Links to other sitesFor your convenience, we may provide links to other websites and web pages that we do not control. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any websites or pages not under our control. We do not endorse any of those websites or pages, the services or products described or offered on such sites or pages, or any of the content contained on those sites or pages.Use of “cookies”A cookie is a piece of information that a web server may place on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies are commonly used by websites to improve the user experience and have not been known to transmit computer viruses or otherwise harm your computer. Many cookies last only through a single website session or visit. Others may have an expiration date, or may remain on your computer until you delete them.We may use cookies for a number of purposes – for example, to maintain continuity during a user session and to gather data about the usage of our website. Our cookies will track only your activity relating to your online activity on this website, and will not track your other internet activity. Our cookies do not gather personally identifiable informaiton. You can decide if and how your computer will accept a cookie by configuring your preferences or options in your browser.Changes to our website privacy statementWe may change this Website Privacy Statement at any time. The most recent version of the Website Privacy Statement is reflected by the version date located at the bottom of this statement. This statement is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal right in or on behalf of any party.What customers can do to helpWe are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers. You can help by following these simple guidelines:Protect your policy numbers and information.Use caution when disclosing your policy number, social security numbers, etc., to other persons. If someone calls you, explains the call is on our behalf and asks for your policy number, you should beware. If you are already our customer, our authorized staff will have access to your information and will not need to ask for it.Keep your information current. It is important that we have current information on how to reach you. If we detect potentially fraudulent or unauthorized activity, we will attempt to contact you immediately. If your address or phone number changes, please let us know.Contacting usIf you have any questions about this Statement or would like to learn more about how we protect privacy, please write to us at info@dieboldinsurance.com.Last Updated: February 2017.
Quick Links
CONTACT US
REQUEST A QUOTE
ZYWAVE LOGIN
PERSONAL INSURANCE
COMMERCIAL INSURANCE
BENEFITS INSURANCE
WEST BRANCH
817 W Houghton Ave PO Box 188 West Branch, MI 48661
(989)345-0200
(989)345-0232
Our Locations
PRUDENVILLE
1414 W Houghton Lake Dr
PO Box 1037 Prudenville, MI 48651
(989)366-4606
(989)366-4540
DETROIT
1535 6th Street
Suite 1 Detroit, MI 48226
(313)964-3750
(313)964-3850
Copyright © 2019 Diebold Insurance Agency | Privacy Policy | Site by Hook and Reel Design