https://digitalfashionpro.com/privacy-policy
DigitalFashionPro.com Privacy Policy
We are highly sensitive to the privacy interests of consumers and believes that the protection of those interests is one of its most significant responsibilities. In acknowledgment of its obligations, we have adopted the following Privacy Policy applicable to information about consumers that it acquires in the course of its business:
1. Acquisition of Information. Here at DigitalFashionPro.com – at time we may use third party advertiser/cookies who may use information about your visit to our web site to provide you with ads. With that being said, DigitalFashionPro.com and our contracted third party partners will not collect any personal identifiable information about you. DigitalFashionPro.com and our contracted third party advertising partners will never share, sell or distribute any information about our visitors or customers with any other entities or persons.
2. Our Employees and Privacy. We train all of our employees about the importance of privacy. We give access to information about consumers only to those employees who require it to perform their jobs.
3. Security Measures. We make access to privacy-sensitive information subject to rigorous procedural and technological controls, consistent with legal requirements and the demands of customer service.
4. Disclosure to Third Parties. We will provide individually-identifiable information about consumers to third parties only if we are compelled to do so by order of a duly-empowered governmental authority, we have the express permission of the consumer, or it is necessary to process transactions and provide our services.
5. Privacy and Our Business Partners. We will make every reasonable effort to assure, by contract or otherwise, that they use our technology and services in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Questions. If you have questions about this privacy policy, please contact us via E-mail via our Contact Page.