https://digitalmetrology.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
home
solutions
OmniSurf3D (3D Texture Analysis)
OmniSurf (Profile Analysis)
OmniRound (Roundness)
Bandify and Bandify3D (Multiband Texture Analysis)
HatchView (Crosshatch)
TraceMaker (Multi Profile)
ProfileMaster (Profile Analysis)
Blender (Blend Radius)
TraceDirector (Surface Texture)
MultiProf (Roughness)
Harmonic Helper (Harmonics)
Custom Solutions
Solution Showcase
resources
consulting
training
notepad series
videos
tutorials
papers
surface notes
about
contact
subscribe
Privacy Policy
Digital Metrology is highly sensitive to privacy. We believe that the protection of those interests is one of our most significant responsibilities. This Privacy Policy explains how Digital Metrology may collect and use personal data from visitors to our website. This Privacy Policy does not apply to data we collect otherwise, such as in personal visits or at events.
Actively Submitted Data
If you email us or fill out a form on our website, you will know the information you provide to us. We use such information to respond to your request and to assist you. We may also from time to time contact you with information or event notifications that we believe are pertinent to you.
Passively Provided Data
We use Google Analytics conversion tracking to improve our site and services. Information on how Google Analytics uses information is available at https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. You may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google Analytics Opt-out Page.
Data Sharing
We do not rent, sell or otherwise share personal data, except as follows:
We may disclose information to (a) comply with relevant laws, regulatory requirements, or to respond to lawful requests, court orders, and legal process; (b) to protect and defend the rights or property of us or third parties, including enforcing agreements, policies, and terms of use; (c) in an emergency, including to protect the safety of our employees or any person; or (d) in connection with investigating or preventing fraud.
We may share your personal data for purposes of a business deal (or negotiation of a business deal) involving sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets. These deals can include any merger, financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding.
With your consent.
Data Security
We use data access limitations, anti-virus software and firewalls to reduce the risk of unauthorized access to personal data. No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network is entirely secure. Be mindful of security risks when you transmit personal data to us.
Owner and Controller
Digital Metrology Solutions, Inc.
2024 Iroquois Trail
Columbus, IN 47203
Owner contact email: info@digitalmetrology.com
Last Updated: October 20, 2018
© Digital Metrology. All Rights Reserved.
Phone: 812-314-0043 | Fax: 772-673-0586
Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy