https://directbillingservices.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy:
In certain situations DBS might need information that personally identifies you in terms of your name, email, address, company name or telephone number. It depends on the user to provide this information and all the information is voluntary on part of the user. DBS uses this information to help you serve better, be it by informing about new services, alliances or products that could help you in your business.
DBS is committed to protect your privacy and has no objection to user accessing its website without providing any personal information. However, there are circumstances like those listed below where we need information to provide services that you request.
Personal Information and use:Sharing information with third parties:
Personal information could be shared in the event of a legal proceeding, court process, investigation or any such other process where we are required to do so by applicable law or where we have to establish our legal rights or where disclosure is required to prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person etc. We may also be required to share your personal information in the event of a business reorganization, amalgamation or merger.
In circumstances where business interests would be served, DBS may share your information with its Business Partners, who can alert you about new products or services. Upon receipt of any alert, if you desire to be removed from such alert list, you may inform the sender or unsubscribe from the list as provided in each mail alert.
Security of Personal Information:
DBS strictly protects the security of your personal information and honors your choices for its intended use. We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
Your personal information is never shared outside the company without your permission, except under conditions explained above. Inside the company, data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access.
Scroll