https://directpackaging.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This is the privacy notice of Direct Packaging Limited. In this document, “we”, “our”, or “us” refer to Direct Packaging Limited.
Company number 2062528 registered in England & Wales.
Registered office is at Suit 17-18 Riverside House, Lower Southend Road, Wickford, Essex, SS11 8BB
Introduction
This is a notice to inform you of our policy about all information that we record about you. It sets out the conditions under which we may process any information that we collect from you, or that you provide to us. It covers information that could identify you (“personal information”) and information that could not. In the context of the law and this notice, “process” means collect, store, transfer, use or otherwise act on information.
We regret that if there are one or more points below with which you are not happy, your only recourse is to leave our website immediately.
We take seriously the protection of your privacy and confidentiality. We understand that all visitors to our website are entitled to know that their personal data will not be used for any purpose unintended by them, and will not accidentally fall into the hands of a third party.
We undertake to preserve the confidentiality of all information you provide to us, and hope that you reciprocate.
Our policy complies with UK law accordingly implemented, including that required by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
The law requires us to tell you about your rights and our obligations to you in regards to the processing and control of your personal data. We do this now, by requesting that you read the information provided at knowyourprivacyrights.org
Except as set out below, we do not share, or sell, or disclose to a third party, any information collected through our website.
The Data We Collect
The website gathers non-identifying data from our website users. The data that we process includes the user’s website activity, locations, language, and device type.
Identifying data is collected through the website via contact forms and the store or when you contact us by phone or email.
The websites collects business information via Lead Forensics which is a business IP tracking software, no personal information about any employee at any business is recorded via this software.
What We Do With Your Data
The non-identifying data that we collect is stored on our servers
The non-identifying data that we collect from customers I.e. locations, language and device type will be used to:
a) Improve your browsing experience
b) Improving the websites and subscription services
Identifying data will be used to contact users regarding our products and services.
Both non-identifying and identifying data will not be shared or sold to any third parties.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer’s hard drive by your web browser when you visit any website. They allow information gathered on one web page to be stored until it is needed for use on another, allowing a website to provide you with a personalised experience and the website owner with statistics about how you use the website so that it can be improved.
Some cookies may last for a defined period of time, such as one day or until you close your browser. Others last indefinitely.
Your web browser should allow you to delete any you choose. It also should allow you to prevent or limit their use.
Our website uses cookies. They are placed by software that operates on our servers, and by software operated by third parties whose services we use.
When you first visit our website, we ask you whether you wish us to use cookies. If you choose not to accept them, we shall not use them for your visit except to record that you have not consented to their use for any other purpose.
If you choose not to use cookies or you prevent their use through your browser settings, you will not be able to use all the functionality of our website.
We use cookies in the following ways:
11.1.      to track how you use our website
11.2.      to record whether you have seen specific messages we display on our website
11.3.      to keep you signed in our site
[We provide more information about the cookies we use in our cookie policy].
Security Of Your Information
We protect your data by storing all information in a controlled, secure environment which is protected from unauthorised access.
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificates to verify our identity to your browser and to encrypt any data you give us. Whenever information is transferred between us, you can check that it is done so using SSL by looking for a closed padlock symbol or other trust mark in your browser’s URL bar or toolbar. If you have any questions about the security of your information, please contact us.
Communications With Us
When you contact us, whether by telephone, through our website or by e-mail, we collect the data you have given to us in order to reply with the information you need.
We record your request and our reply in order to increase the efficiency of our business
We keep personally identifiable information associated with your message, such as your name and email address so as to be able to track our communications with you to provide a high quality service.
Our Subscription Services
We operate an email mailing list program, used to inform subscribers about products, services and/or news we supply/publish. Users can subscribe through an online automated process where they have given their explicit permission. Subscriber personal details are collected, processed, managed and stored in accordance with the regulations named in ‘The policy’ above. Subscribers can unsubscribe at any time through an automated online service, or if not available, other means as detailed in the footer of sent marketing messages the type and content of marketing messages subscribers receive, and if it may contain third party content, is clearly outlined at the point of subscription.
Email marketing messages may contain tracking beacons / tracked clickable links or similar server technologies in order to track subscriber activity within email marketing messages. Where used, such marketing messages may record a range of subscriber data relating to engagement, geographic, demographics and already stored subscriber data.
Our EMS (email marketing service) provider is Mailchimp and you can read their privacy policy here
Service Providers
Direct Packaging Limited use external companies to provide services, This could be delivery couriers.  In some circumstances if we can’t fulfil an order we will have a supplier send items directly to you. Your information will be stored on our service provider’s servers, Who will also comply with GDPR,
External Websites
Our websites provide links to other websites. We do not control and are not responsible for the content or practices of any websites other than https://directpackaging.co.uk
Information relating to your method of payment
Payment information is never taken by us or transferred to us either through our website or otherwise. Our employees and contractors never have access to it.
At the point of payment, you are transferred to a secure page on the website to PayPal. That page may be branded to look like a page on our website, but it is not controlled by us.
Compelled DisclosureWe reserve the right to use or disclose your Personal Information if required by law or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or comply with a law, court order, or legal process.
Retention Of Your Information
We retain information as long for as we consider it useful. This data may be removed any time on request. Email subscription services can also be opted out of by navigating to the bottom of the email. If you would like your information removed from our records or are unsure of how to unsubscribe from our email subscription services please contact us.
Removal of your information
If you wish us to remove personally identifiable information from our website and database, you may contact us at GDPR@directpackaging.co.uk
This may limit the service we can provide to you.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy; about our data processing processes or wish for your data to be updated or removed from our records please contact GDPR@directpackaging.co.uk Alternatively, by mail: Units 5 & 6 Fleethall Road, Rochford, Essex SS4 1NF
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Company Name
Telephone (required)
What is going into the bag? (required)
Your Message
Agree Yes I consent to having Direct Packaging Limited store and use my data to contact me in reply to this form
We use tools, such as cookies, to enable essential services and functionality on our site and to collect data on how visitors interact with our site, products and services. By clicking Accept, you agree to our use of these tools.AcceptNoRead more