http://disasterscope.com/privacy-policy
At Disaster Scope, we consider the information you choose to share with us personal and confidential. As such, it is our policy not to distribute, sell, rent, or in any way make available, your name, e-mail address, or any other personal information to any third party. Further, participation in site features is consent for communication from Disaster Scope via telephone, e-mail, or postal mail, but not from third parties.
We use your name, addresses, phone numbers and your e-mail address for personal communications with us.
If you have questions about our privacy policy or believe we have acted inconsistently with this statement, please contact us at 626-797-8439.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
You should assume that everything you see or read on this Site is copyrighted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions. You may download one copy of the contents of the Site to a computer for your personal and non-commercial home use provided you do not change any copyright or other proprietary notice. If you modify or use the materials for any other purpose, you will be violating the intellectual property rights of Disaster Scope and/or the copyright holders.
Disaster Scope has used reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the Site; however, it makes no warranties or representation as to the accuracy of its contents. Disaster Scope does not assume any liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the contents of the Site.
This Disaster Scope Site and all content, included or available therein, are provided “As Is” and “As Available” with all faults. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, SECURITY AND ACCURACY (ALL OF WHICH ARE DISCLAIMED). Disaster Scope does not represent or warrant that your use of the Disaster Scope Site will be uninterrupted, error free, secure, free of viruses or other harmful components, or that any content is accurate or correct. Your use of this Disaster Scope Site is solely at your own risk. Because some jurisdictions do not permit the exclusions of certain warranties some of these exclusions may not apply to you. Under no circumstance shall Disaster Scope or its officers, employees, agents, contractors, counsel, successors and assigns be liable for any damages or injury whether direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special or consequential that results from the use of or inability to use this Disaster Scope Site or any portion thereof including, without being limited thereto, any offering that may be made therein. This limitation of liability applies whether the alleged liability is based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or any other basis, even if Disaster Scope had been advised of the possibility of such liability. The total liability of Disaster Scope to you for all losses, damages and causes of action (in contract, tort, including without limitation, negligence, or otherwise) will not be greater than the amount you paid to access the Disaster Scope Site. You may bring no claim against Disaster Scope more than one (1) year after the action arose. Because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of incidental or consequential damages the liability of Disaster Scope in such jurisdiction shall be limited to the extent permitted by the law thereunder.
Disaster Scope makes no representation about any other site that you may access through its Site and is not responsible for the contents of any other site. Unless expressly stated, Disaster Scope does not endorse any products or services offered by any company, government agency, or person linked to its Site.
This Site is controlled by Disaster Scope from its offices within the United States of America. Disaster Scope makes no representation that all of the contents of the Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to the Site is prohibited from locations where some or all of the content is illegal. If you choose to access this site from other locations, you do so on your own initiative and you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. You may not use or export any contents of the Site in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations. Any claim relating to the Site content shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law principles. You agree and hereby submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the Federal and State Courts located in Los Angeles County, California, USA.
Any failure by Disaster Scope to enforce any of its rights under these Terms and Conditions or under applicable law shall not constitute a waiver of such rights. If any provision of the Terms and Conditions shall be deemed unlawful by a Court of competent jurisdiction, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severed from these Terms and Conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions hereunder. These terms and conditions contain the entire agreement between you and Disaster Scope relating to your use of the Disaster Scope website.
Disaster Scope may, at any time, revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then-current Terms and Conditions.
Connect With Us
Disaster Scope, Inc.
Phone: 626.797.8439 (24 hours)