https://diverseco.com.au/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy notice
Home » Privacy notice
Privacy Policy
Privacy notice2020-08-10T09:56:17+09:30
The purpose of personal information that we collect from you will depend on how you interact with Diverseco’s website. This page will explain how personal information is collected via our website, in addition to various form of data gathering.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Your personal information is collected by Diverseco if you fill out our our various forms of “gated content” (forms embedded within the website with required fields to fill in to access content) in addition to our “Contact Us” form.
We use the personal information that you provide us with to answer your queries and give you information. This information delivery is solely through the medium of email. You will not receive text messages from Diverseco if you submit your phone or contact number.
In all cases, your personal information that is submitted to our website is held with the strictest confidence. This information is securely stored and access is restricted to authorised Diverseco personnel only, ensuring that it is protected and safeguarded. Diverseco does not share, sell or in any other way disclose your personal information with any third party.
If you have chosen to receive email updates from Diverseco, from time to time we will send you offers and information we believe may be of interest to you. However, we highly value your privacy. If you change your mind, you can modify or cancel your subscription to our email newsletter at any time.
LinkedIn
Personal details collected through LinkedIn lead forms are protected and used in the same way as disclosed above.
Cookies
We use cookies to enable certain functionality within our website. If you have cookies enabled within your browser settings, upon visiting diverseco.com.au you will receive a cookie. The use of this cookie is purely for Diverseco use and we do not utilise or operate in collaboration with third-parties to take advantage of the cookies we have distributed via our website. Cookies in this manner are utilised for marketing and re-marketing purposes. If you are worried about the use of cookies (as you are entitled to do as a visitor of our website) you can delete these cookies, opt-out of receiving cookies (within your browser settings) and prevent receiving further cookies from diverseco.com.au.
IP Address tracking
Through use of marketing automation software Act-On, we collect IP address information purely for the purpose of identifying user activity on our website for the end result of marketing. This information is not shared with any third party and is only accessible by few authorised Diverseco personnel. This information is held securely and is not exported outside of Act-On.
Call us
Enquire now
Go to Top