https://diversifiedadjustment.com/privacy-policy-disclaimers/
Close
About
Security
Compliance
Industries
Awards
Community Involvement
Environmental Management Policy
Social Responsibility Policy
Consumer Tools
Make a Payment
Request a Receipt
Request Itemized Statement
Fraud / ID Theft Information
Bankruptcy Information
Medical Insurance Information
Dispute My Account
Remove My Number
Submit a Compliment or Complaint
Solutions
Pre Charge Off Collections
Post Charge Off Collections
Secondary & Tertiary Collections
Warehousing Management
Network of Attorneys
Skip-Tracing
Reporting
Credit Bureau Reporting
Careers
Contact Us
Privacy Policy & Disclaimers
Privacy Policy & Disclaimers
We are a debt collection agency attempting to collect a debt and any and all information obtained will be used for that purpose.
Diversified Adjustment Service Inc., Privacy Policy has been created to safeguard your privacy while you use this website. If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please email mis@diversifiedadjustment.com
Collection of Data
Personal information (such as name, address, phone number, email address etc) may be collected from you only when you voluntarily provide such information. Web site visitors who do not want their practice-identifiable information collected online are asked to call Diversified Adjustment Service toll free at 1-800-279-3733.
Information collected is securely stored and may not be available to you for modification once submitted. Diversified Adjustment Service will never sell this information or provide it to any third party, other than your creditor, without consent from you.
Personal information about customers and/or patients may be collected during the account placement process. This information will NOT be made available to any other third parties.
Accuracy – A commitment to use reasonable procedures to ensure that information collected, used and exchanged will be accurate and complete.
Cookies
Like many other commercial sites, our site may utilize a standard technology called a “cookie” to collect information about how our site is used. Cookies were designed to help a Web site recognize a user’s browser as a previous visitor and thus save and remember any preferences that may have been set while the user was browsing the site. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on a computer virus, or capture your e-mail address. Our Web site may use cookies to securely store our clients’ username and password or to make it easier for you to access the site in the future.
Security
Information that you provide Diversified Adjustment Service is securely stored. Once logged in, all of your communications are transmitted via SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encrypted forms which ensure that the information cannot be intercepted while in transit. Credit card payments are transmitted via SSL as well and the numbers are NOT stored in our database.
Use of Information
During your visits to our site, your usage may be logged by our web server. We collect user-specific information on what pages you access or visit, as well as information volunteered by you. This information may be used to generate reports on web traffic and usage patterns that allow us to modify the site to best fit our needs.
Compliance – Diversified Adjustment Service has made a strong commitment to collect, use and disclose information in accordance with applicable state and federal laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act and the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act.
Employee Education – Diversified Adjustment Service has made a strong commitment to educate all employees regarding information practices and the proper handling and use of information obtained.
Copyright Notice
Copyright © 2017 Diversified Adjustment Service, Inc., all rights reserved.
Trademarks
DIVERSIFIED and Diversified, referenced herein, are registered trademarks of Diversified Adjustment Service, Inc.. Other product and company names mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
Contact Diversified for a secure solution to your collection needs.
Contact Us Today!
Call 1.800.279.3733 to learn more about how Diversified Adjustment Service can help your business.