https://dixonind.com.au/index.php/privacy/
Privacy
This is the web site of Dixon Industries Pty. Ltd.
Our postal address is:
PO Box 2057
Port Adelaide, 5015
South Australia
We can be reached via e-mail at sales@dixonind.com.au
or by telephone at +61 8 8240 1555
Our Web server automatically recognises no information regarding the domain or e-mail address of any visitor to our Web pages.
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages are accessed or visited, and information volunteered, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used by us to follow up enquiries and for marketing purposes.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending an e-mail to us at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
If you supply us with your telephone number on-line you will only receive telephone contact from us for information regarding the enquiry you have submitted on-line.
Information you supply to us will not be shared with other organisations.
With respect to cookies: We do not set any cookies.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Upon request we will provide site visitors with the contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them.
You can request this information by sending us an e-mail to the above address.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information.
You can request this information be corrected by sending us e-mail to the above address.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
CONTACT DETAILS Dixon Industries Pty Ltd
17 Frederick Road, Royal Park
South Australia 5014
E: sales@dixonind.com.au
P: +61 8 8240 1555
F: +61 8 8240 5588
ABN: 89 008 171 855
MAIN MENU HOME
PRODUCTS
SERVICES
TEFLON COATING
POLY PIPE WELDING
ABOUT
CONTACT
WARRANTY
PRIVACY POLICY
REGISTERED TRADEMARKS FUSIONMASTER® & Dixon® are registered trademarks of Dixon Industries Pty Ltd.
Teflon® is a registered trademark of Chemours.