http://docs.link-systems.com/privacy.php
THE LINK-SYSTEMS INTERNATIONAL CUSTOMER PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT
The Link-Systems International Customer Privacy Policy has been developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the finest quality products and services with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our customers. The Policy guides how we collect, store, and use information about customers and prospects, and it will be periodically assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customers' changing needs.
The Link-Systems International may, from time to time, modify this Customer Privacy Policy to reflect legal, technological and other developments. In that event the changes will appear at this location.
Link-Systems International is committed to using all reasonable efforts to abide by the following Policy statement:
Collection.
Personally-Identifiable Information will only be collected to the extent that Link-Systems International deems reasonably necessary to serve a legitimate business purpose. Please be aware that if you disclose Personally-Identifiable Information on Website message boards or chat areas, that information may be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited communications from third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of Link-Systems International. These purposes includes, but are not limited to, the provision of customer service and support, billing, network management, customer surveys, sales management, support, newsletter subscriptions, user group memberships, event registration and sponsorship, offers of related services, and other exchanges of information.
Link-Systems International gathers general information about all users collectively, such as what areas users visit most frequently and what services users access most often. Link-Systems International automatically logs IP addresses, session sources, and other data which tracks users' access to the Services. These logs are routinely analyzed for sales and marketing purposes as well as system performance monitoring. The analysis looks at aggregate trends reveal about our customers and how the customers use the Services, not for the behaviors of individual users.
Link-Systems International may use aggregated personal information to determine the demographic composition of our user base and to distribute statistics and general marketplace information about Link-System International and our products. This aggregate information does not identify specific users.
Notification.
Customers and prospects will be notified (usually at the point where Personally-Identifiable Information is collected) as to the uses the business unit may make of the Personally-Identifiable Information collected from them.
Choice.
Opt Out for External Distribution of Personally-Identifiable Information. Customers and Prospects will be given the opportunity to refuse permission for External Distribution of their name, address or other Personally-Identifiable Information through an Opt Out mechanism. (External Distribution does not include certain limited distributions such as sharing Personally-Identifiable Information with an entity working on behalf of Link-Systems International to serve our customers; transfer of Personally-Identifiable Information in conjunction with the sale or similar transfer of a business unit; or the disclosure of Personally-Identifiable Information in connection with legal proceedings, investigations of crimes or other wrongdoing. However, sharing Personally-Identifiable Information with an entity working on behalf of Link-Systems International or transferring Personally-Identifiable Information in conjunction with the sale or similar transfer of a business unit is considered an Onward Transfer and will be handled as described below.)
Security.
Appropriate safeguards will be implemented to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of Personally-Identifiable Information about our customers and prospects.
Access, Review, and Correction.
Procedures have been developed through which customers and prospects can, upon request, review and correct the Personally-Identifiable Information that has been collected from them by Link-Systems International. These procedures may not, however, compromise the security, integrity and privacy of either Link-Systems International own proprietary databases or databases licensed from third party companies.
Sensitive Data.
The collection and use of Sensitive Data carries with it special obligations and responsibilities in order to maintain the data's security, integrity and privacy. Sensitive Data will not be rented or otherwise made available for External Distribution outside Link-Systems International (although it may be made available through Onward Transfer as described below). Customers and prospects will be given the opportunity to refuse permission for their Sensitive Data to be distributed outside of the business unit that collected the Sensitive Data through use of an Opt Out mechanism for Internal Distribution within Link-Systems International.
Onward Transfer.
Whenever Link-Systems International permits a third party outside of Link-Systems International to access Personally-Identifiable Information through either External Distribution or Onward Transfer, commercially appropriate procedures will be followed to help ensure that the Information is used only for authorized purposes and by authorized persons in a manner consistent with the choices customers and prospects have made under this Policy, and that the security, integrity and privacy of the information is maintained. Please note that our Website may contain links to other Websites that have their own privacy policies and practices. While Link-Systems International will employ commercially appropriate procedures to help ensure that your information is only used for authorized purposes as described above, Link-Systems International cannot make any guarantees with respect to the actions or policies of such third parties.
Children.
Collection and use of information from children under the age of thirteen will be made in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Act of 1998. Specifically, Link-Systems International will:
provide parents or guardians with notice of our information practices;
obtain prior verifiable parental or guardian consent for the collection, use, and/or disclosure of Personally-Identifiable Information from children;
provide a parent or guardian, upon request, with the means to review the Personally-Identifiable Information collected from his or her child;
provide a parent or guardian with the opportunity to prevent the further use of Personally-Identifiable Information that has already been collected, or the future collection of Personally-Identifiable Information, from that child;
limit collection of Personally-Identifiable Information for a child's online participation in a game, prize offer or other activities to Personally-Identifiable Information that is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity; and
establish procedures to protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of the Personally-Identifiable Information collected from children.
Questions and Comments?
The Link-Systems International Customer Privacy Policy has been developed out of respect for the privacy preferences and choices of our customers and prospects. We have established procedures to ensure that every reasonable effort is made to address your concerns. You should find contact information on each of our Websites that collect data from you.