http://doofor.fi/privacy-policy/?lang=en
Nordic pioneerin the drilling industryPrivacy PolicyIn this Privacy Statement, we will comprehensively discuss the processing of personal data in Doofor – what sort of personal information we collect from you when you use our services or contact us through Doofors` website and for what purposes we use this information.By using www.doofor.com, you agree to the processing of your information in accordance with this Privacy Statement. Once in a while, we can change the content of the Privacy Statement by publishing a new version online. We recommend you review it regularly. Continuous use of the sites and ancillary services after the release of a new version will be interpreted as approved by the custom terms.Doofor Oy manages and maintains two following registers:1) Doofor client database 2) General Marketing RegisterScroll down to read through the registration descriptions. The registration descriptions are presented in this order. After those, we will also tell you about the cookies that we use on our site, and how to handle user privacy.DOOFOR CLIENT DATABASE Privacy Policy in accordance with Section 10 of the Personal Data Act (523/1999).Registry name Doofor Oy’s Client DatabaseThe registrar Doofor Oy Kalle Kuusento Talttakatu 8 37150 Nokia, Finland Business ID: 0678522-4Contact person in registry matters Kalle Kuusento kalle.kuusento@doofor.com1. The data content of the register and the sources of information In our customer register, we collect information that you have given yourself, for example, by contacting Doofor Oy via web pages www.doofor.com or by e-mail. We can also obtain personal information from public sources.The register stores the person’s name, phone number, email address, company/organization, and job title.2. Purpose of the register The register is used in accordance with the Personal Data Act as follows:• Customer relationship management and development • Information and communication products and services • Creating and developing services • Invoicing due to the provision of servicesThrough collecting and processing your personal information, we may also send you targeted marketing or customer communications. However, if you do not want to receive any messages from us, you can at any time inform Doofor Oy.3. Disclosure of information to a third party • Doofor Oy does not sell, exchange, or otherwise transfer any information that may enable it to be disclosed to third parties. • This does not apply to trusted third parties that help us maintain our site or run our business. Such parties must also keep the information confidential. • We believe sharing information is necessary when it comes to investigating, blocking, or otherwise dealing with illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations that may endanger the physical security of a person, violation of our Terms of Service, and other legally required cases.4. Protection of the registry • Information systems are protected with appropriate antivirus software and firewalls. • Personal usernames and passwords protect the use of the register. • The registry is protected against external use. • Access to the Register is limited to Doofor Oy employees and employees of the company’s network service provider whose tasks require the processing of data in the register. Employees are bound by the secrecy obligation. • The manual documents, containing personal data, are protected against unauthorized access and illegal processing (e.g., destruction, alteration, and disclosure). Each handler can only deal with the personal information he needs in his / her job.5. Retention of personal data Doofor Oy keeps the data of the personnel register for five years.6. Visitor rights In accordance with Section 26 of the Personal Data Act, a visitor has the right to inspect the data concerning him/her and to demand that corrections be made to the incorrect information in the register. Inspection and rectification requests must be submitted in writing and signed to the person responsible for registry matters specified in this Privacy Statement. The visitor also has the right to prohibit Doofor Oy from handling information about himself for direct marketing, distance selling or opinion polling by notifying Doofor Oy’s Registry Officer. We process requests such as adjustments, marketing bans, and personal data deletion without undue delay.GENERAL MARKETING REGISTER Privacy Policy in accordance with Section 10 of the Personal Data Act (523/1999).Registry name Doofor Oy’s Marketing RegisterThe registrar Doofor Oy Kalle Kuusento Talttakatu 8 37150 Nokia, Finland Business ID: 0678522-4Contact person in registry matters Kalle Kuusento kalle.kuusento@doofor.com1. The data content of the register The register stores the person’s name, location, phone number, company/organization, job title, e-mail address, services of interest to the customer, data source, industry, model of terminal equipment used, open newsletter and clicked newsletter articles, marketing permission, exit newsletter.Also, the MailChimp e-mail service used by Doofor Oy stores data using cookies to use the service. To learn more about the privacy of your MailChimp service, please visit: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/The records of the records are kept for ten years unless the information is needed to provide the service, for example, in accordance with the agreement.2. Information sources of the registry The person in the register is either; • Left his / her contact information • Represents a company that is a customer or partner of Doofor Oy, where the data source is Doofors` customer register. • By other means expressing his or her consent to the inclusion in the Register.A person can at any time delete own information from a newsletter register via a link in a newsletter.3. Purpose of the register The use of the registry is the general marketing communication of Doofor Oy with an electronic newsletter. We will regularly send emails to persons in the registry via email about Doofors` products and services, as well as current affairs such as events, new reference sites, and other news.4. Disclosure of information to a third party • Doofor Oy does not sell, exchange, or otherwise transfer any information that may enable it to be disclosed to third parties. • This does not include trusted third parties who help us maintain our site or run our business. Such parties must also keep the information confidential. • We believe sharing information is necessary when it comes to investigating, blocking, or otherwise dealing with illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations that may endanger the physical security of a person, violation of our Terms of Service, and other legally required cases and other news.5. Protection of the registry • The registry is protected against external use. • Personal usernames and passwords protect the use of the register. • Access to the Register is limited to Doofor Oy employees and employees of the company’s network service provider whose tasks require the processing of data in the registry. Employees are bound by the secrecy obligation.6. Visitor rights In accordance with Section 26 of the Personal Data Act, a visitor has the right to inspect the data concerning him and to demand that corrections be made to the incorrect information in the register. Inspection and rectification requests must be submitted in writing and signed to the person responsible for registry matters specified in this Privacy Statement.The registrar has the right to deny information, marketing and other possible messages that are sent to maintain customer relations. A person may at any time prohibit marketing communications by deleting their information from the system through a link in the newsletter. The data will also be removed from the marketing register.COOKIES AND WEBSITE USAGE INFORMATIONCookies are small text files that a browser saves a visitor to a computer/terminal when a visitor visits a web page. The Doofor website utilizes cookies so that we can offer our services as smooth and user-friendly as possible.Information collected through cookies will be used to analyze the usability and use of the site, improve security, monitor usage, and develop the service. This information can also be used to generate targeted communications, advertising, and content on the site, and to measure and optimize marketing efforts.The cookies of Doofor Oy’s website marketing partners allow marketing targeting and measurement also on other websites of companies involved in marketing co-operation, the so-called advertising network. We use a Google Analytics computer program for visitor tracking.1. We collect the usage data for web pages as follows: We collect visitor data from visitor visitors on our website. Such information is IP address, browser type, operating system, input and output pages, service provider, date and time information. The user can not be identified by using cookies unless the user of the site expressly provides information, including his / her name, email address, home or work address or phone number. For example, a website cannot infer the user’s email address unless it has given it to it. Also, the site cannot access other information found on the user’s computer.Most browsers are likely to accept cookies by default. A cookie can be permanently stored on the user’s device or can be removed after the service is used. You may consent to the use of cookies or forbid your browsing preferences. Accepting cookies is not a prerequisite for using the site, but it allows a better browsing experience. When you delete or block cookies, your site may not work as intended.2. Social media plugins Doofor Oy’s website may contain links and connections to third-party sites, as well as so-called social media plug-ins (such as Facebook and LinkedIn). The use of social media plug-ins can send identifiable information to those social media service providers. When you open a plugin, you may allow third-party website cookies to be stored on your computer, allowing these managers to monitor the use of the page if you are signed in to the social media of that service provider. These Doofor Oy’s sites to the services or the transmission of third-party applications offered by the third party shall apply to third-party privacy, operating and other conditions. Doofor Oy has no control over such third-party websites and is therefore not responsible for any of the materials published or their use.3. Changes to the Privacy Statement We will update the changes to our Privacy Statement, including the registration descriptions, without delay on our online service. Continuous use of the website and ancillary services after the release of a new version will be interpreted as approved by the custom terms.