http://dorfman-pacific.com/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Updated: January 2018
Welcome to this Dorfman Pacific website - www.dorfmanpacific.com, microsite, mobile site (this "Website") or mobile application ("App"). Please review the following terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") before using this Website/App. These Terms and Conditions, which may be modified from time to time, apply to all visitors to, or users of, this Website/App.
WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address. When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
CONSENT
How do you get my consent?When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only. If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at custservice@dorfman-pacific.com or mailing us at:Dorfman Pacific2615 Boeing Way, StocktonCalifornia US 95206
DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us. However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers. In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located. As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act. Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
LinksWhen you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
Google AnalyticsOur store uses Google Analytics to help us learn about store visits and the pages being viewed.
SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
COOKIES
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders by contacting customer service.
AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it. If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
Questions and contact information
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at custservice@dorfman-pacific.com or by mail atDorfman Pacific2615 Boeing Way, StocktonCalifornia US 95206
Prev
Next
Legal
DocumentsMAP PolicyRCP PolicyPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service
Sales
DealsSales Reps Showrooms Customer ServiceFAQ
About Us
Our StoryEmployeesCOVID-19 ResponseTrade Shows Contact UsMilano Hat Co. Careers
Join the community
Follow us and stay connected.
Wholesale Program
Join in three simple steps!
FOR MY STORE
An American headwear company since 1921.
We provide unsurpassed service and strong brands with a long term commitment to our customers.
Products
For My Store For Myself Catalogs
About Us
Our StoryEmployeesCOVID-19 ResponseTrade Shows Contact UsMilano Hat Co. Careers
Sales
DealsSales Reps Showrooms Customer ServiceFAQ
Legal
DocumentsMAP PolicyRCP PolicyPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service