https://downtoearthtrailers.com/privacy/
912.367.3007
Sales@DownToEarthTrailers.com
Privacy
PRIVACY STATEMENT: This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for Down 2 Earth Trailers. Down 2 Earth Trailers promote the use of fair information practices. Because Down 2 Earth Trailers are committed to your privacy, we have agreed to disclose our information practices.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE: Down 2 Earth Trailers will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Down 2 Earth Trailers collect information from our users at several different points on the web site.
VEHICLE QUOTE REQUESTS: In order to obtain a vehicle price quote, a user must first complete a Quote Request Form. A user is required to give their contact information (such as name, address, telephone number and e-mail address). This information is used to contact the user and provide the quote or other information that they have requested. It is optional for the user to provide financial information, but can be done so that Down 2 Earth Trailers can review and pre-qualify the user for financing if they are interested. All customer information obtained via the quote request form is encrypted for security purposes and stored on a secured server.
COOKIES: A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For example, a cookie is used to store items during e-Catalog shopping so that a list of what you are ordering is maintained. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use the site. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site. For example, the user, may not be able to use the e-Catalog shopping basket function on the site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on the site.
LINKS: This web site contains links to other sites. Down 2 Earth Trailers are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.