https://dpcpa.com/privacy
Dwyer Pemberton & Coulson, P.C. (“DPC”) is dedicated to protecting the confidentiality and privacy of information entrusted to it. As part of this fundamental obligation, DPC is committed to the appropriate protection and use of personal information that has been collected through this website and other sources. We are the sole owners of the information collected on this website. We only have access to and collect information that you voluntarily give us by email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
Generally, our intent is to collect only the personal information that is provided voluntarily by visitors to our website and office, so that we can offer information and services to those individuals or offer information about employment opportunities. Please review the below more-detailed Privacy Statement to learn more about how we collect, use, share and protect the personal information that we obtain.
We collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications, tax organizers, worksheets and other documents;
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates or others;
Information we receive from a consumer-reporting agency.
We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about our clients or former clients to anyone, except as permitted by law.
We take precautions to protect your information. We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those members of our firm who need to know that information to provide services to you. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your nonpublic personal information. For example, when you submit sensitive information via this website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Finally, the computers and servers on and in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Our Privacy Statement may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this Privacy Statement, contact us immediately.
Contact Us
1940 East D Street Suite 200
Tacoma, WA 98421
Connect
(253) 572-9922
|
Fax: (253) 572-1447
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© Copyright 2020. DP&C. All Rights Reserved.