https://dragonslayers.com/policies/
Home / Policies
Return & Cancellation PolicyPrivacy Policy
Returns
If for any reason you are not satisfied with your tool, you may return it within 14 calendar days for a store credit less the initial freight or a refund less the freight and a 15% re-stocking fee.
Please call for return instructions and for return authorization. Please write the provided number(s) on the outside of the package.
A tool can only be returned if it was not used.
We do not accept returns on used, damaged or soiled tools.
We must receive the return within 14 calendar days of when you received the tool.
Non-Returnable & Non-Exchangeable Items Include: Seconds department items, discontinued styles and custom orders.
All returned items will be inspected.
Cancellations
Please notify us as soon as possible if you wish to cancel your order. We will confirm a cancellation with a confirmation number. Please note we are unable to cancel any order that has shipped.
Custom orders are non-cancelable. Please call (503) 812-6974 if you have any questions about your order.
If you refuse delivery, you will have credit less the initial freight once the item is delivered at our location. Tab 1 content place
Hereinafter DRAGONSLAYERS™ Inc. shall be referred to as the Company
Your privacy is critically important to us. At DRAGONSLAYERS we have a few fundamental principles:
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
Below is our privacy policy which incorporates these goals:
The Company operates several websites including DRAGONSLAYERS.com. It is the Company’ policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, the Company collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. The Company’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how the Company’ visitors use its website. From time to time, the Company may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
The Company also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. The Company does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to the Company’s websites choose to interact with the Company in ways that require the Company to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that the Company gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who wish to comments in the blog to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with the Company are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, the Company collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with the Company. The Company does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
the Company may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. The Company may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, the Company does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
The Company discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on the Company’ behalf or to provide services available at the Company’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using the Company’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. the Company will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, the Company discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when the Company believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of the Company, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a the Company website and have supplied your email address, the Company may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with the Company and our products. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. The Company takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. The Company uses cookies to help the Company identify and track visitors, their usage of the Company’ websites, and their website access preferences. The Company visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the Company’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of the Company’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, the Company may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and at the Company’s sole discretion. The Company encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.]
Cart
Search for:
Products
Magnum Pulaski Blade Guard Replacement
$10.00
Dragon Wizz Wheel & Fire Management Books
$50.00
Bonnie Hammer Blade Guard Replacement
$10.00
Elite Basic Crew Kit
$2,400.00
Troop Tool
$160.00
Universal Handle
$160.00
Magnum Pulaski Safety Pouch
$25.00
Dragon Transport and Storage Case
$160.00
Titanium Core Felling Axe Head
$200.00
Dragon Swatter
$160.00
Tool Refurbishment
$75.00
Titanium Felling Axe Blade Guard Replacement
$10.00
Magnum Pulaski
$160.00