http://driamusa.com/en/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentPrivacy policyThis Privacy Policy was last modified on June 22nd , 2018.Information PracticesDRIAM USA, Inc. understands that security and privacy are important issues for visitors to the DRIAM USA, Inc. DRIAM USA, Inc. machine.com websites (together, the “Site”) and recognizes its obligations to keep your information secure and confidential. We maintain the standards set forth in this Privacy Policy to help protect information that personally identifies you. By using the Site, you agree to comply with and be bound by all terms, conditions and notices contained or referenced in this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use, which we also urge you to read. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you are prohibited from using the Site.We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes, we will notify you by posting the date of the most recent revisions to the Privacy Policy on this page. We urge you to review the Privacy Policy from time to time, as your continued use of the Site indicates your agreement to the revised terms. Any changes to the Privacy Policy will become effective immediately upon being posted on the Site, unless otherwise indicated. We will always apply the version of the Privacy Policy under which your information was collected, unless we obtain your prior consent.Collection of InformationYou may be asked to voluntarily provide your name, email address, home address, telephone numbers, employment history, skill set or other personally identifiable information (collectively, “Personal Information”) to register or have access to some features of the Site. By using the Site and providing us with your Personal Information, you consent to our use of such information as described in this Privacy Policy. You may always refuse to provide your Personal Information, but this may lead to our inability to provide you with certain products or services.DRIAM USA, Inc.
or its business partners may also collect information that is anonymous, such as the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet (for example, “aol.com”); the Internet Protocol (“IP”) address of the computer you are using (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider); the browser software you use and your operating system; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to this Site (collectively, “Anonymous Information”), through the use of cookies or by other means. We hope that, by using Anonymous Information, we can update the Site to make it more useful to you and other users. We reserve the right to maintain, update, disclose or otherwise use Anonymous Information without limitation.Use of InformationDRIAM USA, Inc. may use your Personal Information for the following purposes: to register and administer your account; to administer and improve the Site and related products and services; to evaluate and respond to employment inquiries; to respond to your comments, questions or suggestions; to provide Internet security; and to meet legal requirements. We may work with our business partners who may perform certain functions on our behalf, including without limitation servicing your account; processing registrations; computer software maintenance and development; responding to your inquiries; managing data; hosting the Site; or providing customer service. These business partners have access to your Personal Information only to the extent necessary to perform these specific functions and may not use it for any other purpose.Other than for the specific purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose your Personal Information unless we obtain your prior consent or are legally required to do so. We may use third party advertising companies to place ads on the Site and to place our ads on other websites. These companies may use Anonymous Information about your visits to this and other websites to provide advertisements on the Site and other sites about products and services that may be of interest to you. If DRIAM USA, Inc. is involved in the sale of a substantial portion of its business assets, Anonymous or Personal Information may be among the transferred assets.Email CommunicationsWhen you send an email to DRIAM USA, Inc., you are communicating with us electronically. You thereby consent to receive communications from us electronically; however, please note that email communications are not necessarily secure and confidential. For instance, it is possible that information transmitted to us via email may be read or obtained by other parties. In an attempt to protect your privacy, our email responses do not include personal account credentials. We recommend that you do not include such information in email communications directed to us. We may communicate with you by postal mail, email or by posting notices on the Site. All agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.functionality of this site.CookiesWhen you visit the Site, DRIAM USA, Inc. or a third party advertiser may store or recognize some information on your computer in the form of a “cookie” or similar file that can help us in many ways. A cookie is a bit of information that is stored on your hard drive that allows the Site to track how you navigate through the Site and areas in which you show interest. Cookies track trends and behaviors but do not extract Personal Information. Cookies help us understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about Site traffic and Site interaction so that we can offer better Site experiences and tools in the future.We may use both session and persistent cookies. Session cookies are used to maintain tracking of a user through an application and expire at the end of a web page visit. Persistent cookies do not expire at the end of the session. Persistent cookies are stored on your hard drive and read by your browser each time you visit the Site. Such cookies contain only a numeric session identifier. We use such information in the aggregate to understand which services and resources our visitors prefer and how those services and resources are used. We may share aggregate demographic/statistical information with third parties.With most Internet browsers or other software, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your Internet browser instructions to learn more about these functions. If you reject cookies, functionality of the Site may be limited, and you may not be able to take advantage of certain of the Site’s features.Google AnalyticsThis website uses features of the Web Analytics service. Provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.Google Analytics uses so-called cookies. These are text files that are stored on your computer and allow you to analyze the use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there.For more information on how to handle user data in Google Analytics, see the Google Privacy Policy:https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=deBrowser PluginYou can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting of your browser software; However, we would point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website in full. You can also prevent Google from capturing the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) to Google as well as the processing of this data by using the browser plugin available at the following link Download and install: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=deOpposition to data collectionYou can prevent Google Analytics from capturing your data by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie is set to prevent the collection of your data on future visits to this site:Deactivate Google AnalyticsRetentionWe retain Personal Information for as long as the information is relevant to our business purposes or until you request that we remove the data by contacting us by email at info@driamusa.com or postal mail at DRIAM USA, Inc., 181 Access Road, Spartanburg, SC 29303. After an order is fulfilled, such information is stored and used to respond to any inquiries by you, provide customer service, customize future shopping experiences, respond to any governmental or other inquiries regarding sales or other taxes and for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy.Linking to Third Party WebsitesThis Site may contain links to websites operated by third parties (“Third Party Sites”). Links to Third Party Sites are provided to you for informational purposes only; once you connect with a Third Party Site by choosing a link, you will no longer be on the Site. The posting of Third Party Sites does not represent DRIAM USA, Inc.’s endorsement or support of any linked organization, programs, services or content included on any Third Party Site. Please review each Third Party Site’s privacy policy, and if you do not agree to be bound by the terms of the policy governing that Third Party Site, terminate your visit to that website. We are not responsible for the privacy policies, practices or content of Third Party Sites. For more information about linking to Third Party Sites, please review our Terms of Use.Your Opportunity to Opt-out of Email AdvertisingIn the event you do not wish to receive promotional emails from DRIAM USA, Inc., follow the opt-out instructions contained within the body of any email message you receive.YouTubeOur website uses plugins of the Google-powered YouTube page. The site operator is the YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. If you visit one of our sites equipped with a YouTube plugin, you will be connected to the YouTube servers. This tells the YouTube server which of our pages you have visited.If you are logged in to your YouTube account, allow YouTube to assign your browsing behavior directly to your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.For more information on how to use user data, please see the YouTube privacy policy at:https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacySSL or TLS encryptionThis page uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and to protect the transfer of confidential content, such as orders or inquiries that you send to us as a page operator. An encrypted connection is recognized by the fact that the browser’s address bar changes from “http://” to “https://” and to the lock icon in your browser line.If SSL or TLS encryption is enabled, the data you submit to us cannot be read by third partiesSecurityDRIAM USA, Inc. has policies and procedures in place to protect the privacy and confidentiality of your Personal Information that it collects and maintains. We have industry standard security programs intended to keep Personal Information stored in systems and servers shielded from unauthorized access. All Personal Information is stored in secure data centers located within the United States. These systems are configured with data encryption or other scrambling technologies and firewalls constructed to industry standards. Any unauthorized use of the Site may result in criminal and/or civil prosecution.No GuaranteeDRIAM USA, Inc. will use reasonable efforts to safeguard the privacy of your Personal Information; nonetheless transmissions on the Internet cannot be made absolutely secure. DRIAM USA, Inc. assumes no responsibility or liability for disclosure of any of your Personal Information due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third-party access or other causes beyond our reasonable control.Privacy of ChildrenDRIAM USA, Inc. encourages parents and guardians to be aware of and participate in their children’s online activities. We strictly adhere to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and will not knowingly collect, use or disclose Personal Information from any child under the age of 13 in any manner that violates this law.Your California Privacy RightsBeginning January 1, 2005, California law permits individuals who are California residents to request once in any calendar year certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us by email at info@driamusa.com or postal mail at DRIAM USA, Inc., 181 Access Road, Spartanburg, SC 29303.Contact UsIf you have any concerns about privacy procedures at this Site or wish to access or modify your Personal Information collected at this Site, please email us at info@driamusa.com. Please make any communications as complete and descriptive as possible, and we will attempt to respond promptly to your concerns. This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Necessary
Always Enabled