https://driconeq.com/privacypolicy/
Home/Privacy policy/
Privacy policy
This policy was created for the processing of personal data in Driconeq AB ”The organization” and includes all owned and controlled subsidiaries under Driconeq AB. The organization is responsible for the processing of personal data on www.driconeq.com ”The website” as well as in the business systems where personal data is stored and registered. Any point of data no matter in what format, interface or environment that directly or indirectly can be linked to a physical person will be regarded as personal data.
Objective and target
The organization will ensure that a client’s personal data will be managed according to the objective of the processed data.
Scope
This policy along with associated documents includes the rules and processes that shall apply for all processing of personal data in the organization. This applies to structured data as well as un-structured data.
Personal data processors can be appointed and will be tasked with coordinating and supervising of processing of personal data. Further information can be found in the personal data policy.
The organization’s processing of personal data shall comply with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations.
The organization’s processing of personal data
The organization collects and stores personal data through its website where clients can register for a newsletter. This personal data includes but is not limited to email address, name, country and company name.
The personal data is stored as long as the client is registered. There is an option to unsubscribe on the website at which point the stored personal data will be deleted immediately. The organization does not remove any personal data without instructions from the client.
The organization also stores personal data in its business system. The personal data includes but is not limited to name, address, country, phone number and email address. An active client’s personal data is stored in an individual client code and cannot be removed from the business system but the data can be blocked from viewing if requested. A client’s personal data can also be deleted from a client code, the client code will then be cleared of any personal data. None of these changes will affect historical transactions registered in the system.
Personal data stored on suppliers is managed in the same way as described above.
The right to request information
If you want to request a specification of what personal data the organization has stored on you please contact:
george.kojadinovic@se.driconeq.com
ulrika.ehrencrona@se.driconeq.com
You also have the right to have stored personal data removed or corrected. The same contacts apply as above for such requests.
Policy adopted 2018-05-24
Management of Driconeq
Sales support