https://drrobpennington.com/policies/
Policies
TERMS, DISCLAIMERS AND CONDITIONS FOR ALL DR. ROB PENNINGTON EVENTS AND SERVICES
Please carefully read the following terms and conditions relating to your participation in any of Dr. Rob Pennington’s Events and Services which are conducted by Resource International (“Promoter”). These terms and conditions are relevant to all Dr. Rob Pennington and Resource International events and coaching services. For the purposes of this site all live, virtual or recorded seminars, group and/or individual coaching will be referred to from here forward in the singular tense as simply an “Event.”
By registering for an Event, you (the “Attendee”) signify your acceptance of and obligation to these terms and conditions. If you have objections to the following Terms and Conditions, you should not register for or attend the Event.
Liability Waiver
While we take every possible measure to ensure Attendee safety at an Event, we cannot control everything. For this reason, Attendee is legally responsible for their safety and behavior and agrees to, and is held legally liable to, the following statements:
I, the willing Attendee of an Event, hereby accept all risk to my health and of my injury or death that may result from participating in an Event and I hereby release Promoter, Dr. Rob Pennington, and their officers, employees, interns, contractors, sponsors and representatives from any and all liability to me, my personal representatives, estate, heirs, next of kin, and assigns for any and all claims and causes of action for loss of or damage to my property and for any and all illness or injury to my person, including my death, that may result from or occur during my participation at the Event, whether caused by negligence of the Promoter, its governing board, officers, employees, or representatives, or otherwise. I further agree to indemnify and hold harmless Promoter, Dr. Rob Pennington and any third-party company from liability for the injury or death of any person(s) and damage to property that may result from my negligent or intentional act or omission while attending and participating in an Event. Under no circumstances will Promoter or Dr. Rob Pennington or their assigns be held liable for my injury or death or any loss or damage of my personal belongings resulting from my participation in an Event. Should I require emergency medical treatment as a result of accident or illness arising during my attendance and participation in the Event, I consent to such treatment. I acknowledge and I agree to be financially responsible for any medical or legal bills that may be incurred as a result of emergency medical treatment. I will notify Promoter verbally and in writing if I am at any time injured prior to, during, or after an Event in my travels or attendance, or if I have medical conditions about which emergency medical personnel should be informed; however, I understand that Promoter is not legally obligated to act on that information in any way or to providing any medical service whatsoever to me. I agree that if I have any medical or psychological conditions that may hamper me from fully and healthfully participating in the Event that I will notify the Promoter and that the Promoter retains the right to ask that I not participate in portions of or the entirety of the Event.
Liability Disclaimer: No Professional Advice
TO BE CLEAR: You, the Attendee, alone are responsible and accountable for your decisions, actions and results in life, and by your participation in our Event, you agree not to attempt to hold us, the Promoter or Dr. Rob Pennington liable for any decisions, actions or results that you make or experience in business or in life due to your participation in an Event at any time, under any circumstance.
The information contained in or made available by the Promoter, Dr. Rob Pennington, or any third-party through the Event or their websites or services cannot replace or substitute for the services of trained professionals in any field, including, but not limited to, mental, financial, medical, psychological, or legal fields. Promoter nor Dr. Rob Pennington does not offer through this web site any professional personal, medical, financial or legal advice and none of the information contained in the Event should be confused as such advice. Neither Promoter, Dr. Rob Pennington, nor their assigns, sponsors, speakers, partners, contractors or any of their affiliates will be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, special, exemplary or other damages to the Attendee or the Attendee’s business, including economic loss, that may result from participation in an Event or from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials, information, or strategies communicated through an Event or any products or services provided pursuant to an Event, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. Under no circumstances, including but not limited to negligence, will Promoter or Dr. Rob Pennington be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from Attendee’s participation in an Event.
Confidentiality and Non-Compete
Attendee hereby understands that the tools, processes, strategies, materials and information presented in an Event are confidential, copyrighted, and proprietary to the Promoter and agrees not to record, duplicate, distribute, teach or train from an Event materials in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of Promoter. Any unauthorized use or distribution of these proprietary concepts, materials, and intellectual property by you or your representatives is prohibited and Promoter will pursue legal action and full damages if these terms are violated in order to protect its rights.
Audio/Visual Rules and Release for Live Events
Attendees may not, under any circumstance, use any type of recording device to capture the information provided at an Event. No recording devices, photography or videography is allowed in an Event room.
By participating in an Event, Attendee understands that portions of a live event may be recorded in video and audio and/or captured in still and/or digital photographs by the Promoter. Attendee agrees that the Promoter and its assigns have the right and permission to use such recordings and photographs should they include Attendee’s name, likeness, voice, biographical details, testimonial, or photograph for marketing, advertising or any other purpose in any media or format, online and/or offline, now or hereafter without further compensation, permission, or notification to the Attendee. Attendee understands and agrees that all recordings from the Promoter’s events are the exclusive rights of the Promoter and Attendee does not ask for or expect compensation for the use of recordings or photographs in which Attendee appears or speaks. Promoter owns all rights of any audio, video, and/or photograph captured during the Promoter’s Event or at any of the Promoter’s other live events.
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
By visiting our Event sites and participating in an Event, Attendees acknowledge and agree that they are subject to the Privacy Policies and Terms of Use of the promoter, which are listed at: https://www.drrobpennington.com/policies
Cancellation Policy
Live Seminars: Once Attendee registers for a live seminar (non virtual), we make extensive arrangements and investments while anticipating their tuition and attendance, and, in the case of their cancellation, we incur significant administration hassles, expenses, and loss of business. Given this fact, we do not accept cancellations or issue refunds beginning 10 days after Attendee has registered for the Seminar. If Attendees cancel within 10 days of registering they will receive a full refund, but any Attendee seeking to cancel their registration after 10 days will not, under any circumstances, receive a refund. Again, this is due to the extremely limited seating for an event of this nature and with this caliber of celebrity speakers. If you are unsure of whether or not you can attend the seminar, do not register. If for whatever reason you are unable to attend the seminar after you have registered and after 10 days have passed since registering, we will happily transfer your ticket to someone else or allow you to attend a future Resource International seminar on the same topic at our sole discretion.
Note: The reason we have a cancellation policy like this is because each seminar sells out and when an Attendee cancels we have to manage the administration challenges as well as gear up the marketing machine to fill the spot. That’s why we allow 10 days to cancel, but after that we do not issue refunds. It really does cost us substantial time and resources to process and refund a payment, to refund the promoter or affiliate from which the Attendee signed up, to communicate all this with Dr. Rob Pennington and the Attendee and the promoter and the event planner for the seminar, and to gear up the marketing machine to fill spots, which includes craft marketing messages, creating emails, postcards, mailings, involving time, etc. Given the number of our Attendees it’s important for us to maintain this policy. This is our only method to ensure that serious participants sign up and that we do not lose business on empty seats. Attendees can request cancellations or to attend a future seminar via the correspondence information below.
Webinars & Group Coaching Events: Once an Attendee registers for a webinar or group coaching event, a taped version of the session will be available for the Attendee to access if he or she is unable to attend the live webinar. No refund is available.
Individual Coaching: When an individual coaching session is scheduled the Attendee is charged. The Attendee may reschedule up to 48 hours in advance of the scheduled coaching session without being charged for missing the session.
Returns
Because of the digital nature of our products, no returns are possible.
Earnings Disclaimer
We’ve taken every effort to ensure we accurately represent our events and services and their potential to help you grow your business. However, there is no guarantee that you will earn any money using the techniques you learn at the Event, and we do not purport this as a “get rich scheme.” Nothing on our websites or at our Event is a promise or guarantee of earnings. Your level of success in attaining any financial results discussed is dependent upon a number of factors including your skill, knowledge, ability, dedication, business savvy, network, and financial situation. Because these factors differ according to individuals, we cannot guarantee your success, income level, or ability to earn revenue. You alone are responsible for your actions and results in life and business. Any forward-looking statements outlined on our sites or in our Event are simply our expectations or forecasts for future potential, and thus are not guarantees or promises for actual performance. These statements are simply our opinion. As stipulated by FTC law, we make no guarantees that you will achieve any results from our ideas or models presented at the Event, and we offer no professional legal or financial advice.
Review and Jurisdiction
These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas. Attendee agrees that any dispute that arises out of or relates to these Terms will be resolved via non-binding mediation in the State of Texas via a professional mediator obtained by the Promoter and if a successful mediation is not reached, to binding arbitration arbitrated in the State of Texas in accordance with the policies set forth by the American Arbitration Association. If any of these Terms of use are found unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be considered severable from the remaining terms of use, and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
Updates
These Terms are subject to change at any time and at the sole discretion of the Promoter. Please visit the site regularly for updates.