http://dslgroup.com/terms.asp
Terms
Skip to content
To take full advantage of this site, please enable your browser's JavaScript feature. Learn how
Resellers & Distributors Login For Pricing
LOGIN
VIEW CART
Home
About us
Order Status
www.dslgroup.com
Menu
Arm Lights
SkandaLights
Designer Tech Series
Las Vegas Friendly Fixtures
Arm Light Accessories
Clips
Power Cords, Transformers & Drivers
Replacement Glass & Screws
Replacement Lamps
Color Kinetics
Color Changing
Graze / Wash
Flood / Spot
Cove
Theatrical / Touring
Direct View
White
eWhite
iWhite
Controllers
Power Supplies
Accessories
LED LIGHTS
Light Fixtures
LED Modular Strips
LED Slim Line Linear
Micro Profile LED Light Fixtures
LED Strands
Arm Lights
LED Par Can Light
Recessed & Surface Mounted
LED Flex Panels and Strips
LED LUMIRAIL System
Pendants, Sconces & Wall Mounted
Miscellaneous -Specialty Lighting
LED Tape
12 Volt
24 Volt
Lamps
Fluorescent
Slim Line T4 Fluorescent
Slim Line T5 Fluorescent
Surface & Recessed
LED Lights - Recessed & Surface Mounted
Recessed
Surface Mount Lights
Accessories
Disk & Recessed
Line Voltage
Low Voltage
Track
Standard Track Lighting
Line Voltage
Low Voltage
LED
Fluorescent
Metal Halide
Accessories
Connectors
Lock-Fit Shades
Replacement Lamps
Gravity-Fit Shades
Mini Track
Monorail
Supply Products
VELCRO brand fasteners
VELCRO® Brand Hook & Loop Tape - Pressure Sensitive Adhesive
VELCRO® Brand Hook 88 & Loop 1000 Woven Nylon Tape-Standard Back-Sewing Quality
VELCRO® Brand VELCOIN® Fasteners
VELCRO® Brand Hook MVA#8 Woven Nylon
VELCRO® Brand ONE-WRAP® Tape HTH 888 Knit Nylon / Polyethylene
VELCRO® Brand ONE-WRAP® Straps HTH 888 Knit Nylon/Polyethylene
VELCRO® Brand VELTEX® Laminated Loop Knit Nylon
VELCRO® Brand PRESS-LOK® Bags
Specialty 14/3-Flat Extension Cords
Extension Cords, Transformers, Drivers & Power Strips
Battery Power Stations
Felt Crate Liner
Snap Trac
Roto Locks
Replacement Lamps
Halogen Lamps
LED Lamps
Miscellaneous Lamps
Projects
Tradeshow, Display & Exhibit Lighting
Retail Lighting Ideas
Entertainment & Special Events
Building Transformation
Hospitality Lighting Ideas
Residential Lighting Ideas
Landscape Lighting
Architainment Lighting Installations
Education
DS&L Capabilities
Philips - CVAP
Press Releases
Battery Technology
Lighting
Safety
Lighting Articles
Lighting Case Studies
Q&A: Lighting Safety
LEDs & Color Temperature
LIGHTING TECH TALK
Trade Show Lighting
Catalog
What DS&L Can Do For You
Installation Images
Lighting Videos
New Product Introductions
Lighting & Supply Products
Trade Show Lighting
Arm Lights
Color Kinetics LED Lights
Linear Lights
Specialty Lighting
Backlighting
Architectural Lighting
VELCRO® Brand Products
Helpful Info
2020 Catalog
About Us
News - Lighting Industry
Pricing & Large Quantity Discounts
Payment Options
Shipping
DS&L Limited Warranty
Returns
Site Help / FAQ
Nav Menu 4
Nav Menu 5
Nav Menu 6
Nav Menu 7
Nav Menu 8
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
Copyright The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Display Supply & Lighting, Inc.. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. Copyright 2012-2013, Display Supply & Lighting, Inc.. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. or purchasing Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. or to purchase Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. in advance and in writing. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. or are being used with permission of their owner.
Warranty Disclaimer
This site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without any express or implied warranties of any kind. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you. For complete product warranty information please visit http://www.dslgroup.com/DS&L_Limited_Warranty_a/331.htm.
Limitation of LiabilityDisplay Supply & Lighting, Inc. shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical Errors
In the event that a Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Term; Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
Notice
Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Display Supply & Lighting, Inc..
Right Not to Sell or Fulfill Orders
Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. reserves the right not to sell products to any third party, including but not limited to competitors, as well as to any party appearing to be engaging in illegal activities.
Miscellaneous
Your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of Illinois, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Dupage County, Illinois. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Display Supply & Lighting, Inc.'s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Participation Disclaimer
Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. in its sole discretion.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Display Supply & Lighting, Inc., its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Display Supply & Lighting, Inc., Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Display Supply & Lighting, Inc.. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Display Supply & Lighting, Inc. seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
About Us
Company Info
Contact Us
Questions? Call Us!
Toll-Free: 800.468.1488
Mon-Fri 8am-5pm CST
My Account
Sign-In / Register
Return to my account
View Cart
Order Status
Helpful Info
Shipping Info
Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Sitemap
Be The First To Receive The Latest Information!
Stay Connected
© Copyright
2018 Display Supply & Lighting, Inc.
All Rights Reserved.