http://dslgroup.com/terms_privacy.asp
Terms: Privacy
Skip to content
To take full advantage of this site, please enable your browser's JavaScript feature. Learn how
Resellers & Distributors Login For Pricing
LOGIN
VIEW CART
Home
About us
Order Status
www.dslgroup.com
Menu
Arm Lights
SkandaLights
Designer Tech Series
Las Vegas Friendly Fixtures
Arm Light Accessories
Clips
Power Cords, Transformers & Drivers
Replacement Glass & Screws
Replacement Lamps
Color Kinetics
Color Changing
Graze / Wash
Flood / Spot
Cove
Theatrical / Touring
Direct View
White
eWhite
iWhite
Controllers
Power Supplies
Accessories
LED LIGHTS
Light Fixtures
LED Modular Strips
LED Slim Line Linear
Micro Profile LED Light Fixtures
LED Strands
Arm Lights
LED Par Can Light
Recessed & Surface Mounted
LED Flex Panels and Strips
LED LUMIRAIL System
Pendants, Sconces & Wall Mounted
Miscellaneous -Specialty Lighting
LED Tape
12 Volt
24 Volt
Lamps
Fluorescent
Slim Line T4 Fluorescent
Slim Line T5 Fluorescent
Surface & Recessed
LED Lights - Recessed & Surface Mounted
Recessed
Surface Mount Lights
Accessories
Disk & Recessed
Line Voltage
Low Voltage
Track
Standard Track Lighting
Line Voltage
Low Voltage
LED
Fluorescent
Metal Halide
Accessories
Connectors
Lock-Fit Shades
Replacement Lamps
Gravity-Fit Shades
Mini Track
Monorail
Supply Products
VELCRO brand fasteners
VELCRO® Brand Hook & Loop Tape - Pressure Sensitive Adhesive
VELCRO® Brand Hook 88 & Loop 1000 Woven Nylon Tape-Standard Back-Sewing Quality
VELCRO® Brand VELCOIN® Fasteners
VELCRO® Brand Hook MVA#8 Woven Nylon
VELCRO® Brand ONE-WRAP® Tape HTH 888 Knit Nylon / Polyethylene
VELCRO® Brand ONE-WRAP® Straps HTH 888 Knit Nylon/Polyethylene
VELCRO® Brand VELTEX® Laminated Loop Knit Nylon
VELCRO® Brand PRESS-LOK® Bags
Specialty 14/3-Flat Extension Cords
Extension Cords, Transformers, Drivers & Power Strips
Battery Power Stations
Felt Crate Liner
Snap Trac
Roto Locks
Replacement Lamps
Halogen Lamps
LED Lamps
Miscellaneous Lamps
Projects
Tradeshow, Display & Exhibit Lighting
Retail Lighting Ideas
Entertainment & Special Events
Building Transformation
Hospitality Lighting Ideas
Residential Lighting Ideas
Landscape Lighting
Architainment Lighting Installations
Education
DS&L Capabilities
Philips - CVAP
Press Releases
Battery Technology
Lighting
Safety
Lighting Articles
Lighting Case Studies
Q&A: Lighting Safety
LEDs & Color Temperature
LIGHTING TECH TALK
Trade Show Lighting
Catalog
What DS&L Can Do For You
Installation Images
Lighting Videos
New Product Introductions
Lighting & Supply Products
Trade Show Lighting
Arm Lights
Color Kinetics LED Lights
Linear Lights
Specialty Lighting
Backlighting
Architectural Lighting
VELCRO® Brand Products
Helpful Info
2020 Catalog
About Us
News - Lighting Industry
Pricing & Large Quantity Discounts
Payment Options
Shipping
DS&L Limited Warranty
Returns
Site Help / FAQ
Nav Menu 4
Nav Menu 5
Nav Menu 6
Nav Menu 7
Nav Menu 8
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.
When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.
Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.To quickly process your transactions.To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' and 'distributors-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.How do we protect visitor information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.Do we use "cookies"?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include Display Supply & Lighting, Inc.. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.Third party linksIn an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).Changes to our policyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on January 1, 2013.Questions and feedbackWe welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.Online Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.Your consentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
About Us
Company Info
Contact Us
Questions? Call Us!
Toll-Free: 800.468.1488
Mon-Fri 8am-5pm CST
My Account
Sign-In / Register
Return to my account
View Cart
Order Status
Helpful Info
Shipping Info
Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Sitemap
Be The First To Receive The Latest Information!
Stay Connected
© Copyright
2018 Display Supply & Lighting, Inc.
All Rights Reserved.