http://dubaspower.com/privacy-policy/
Contact
Home
About Us
Who we are
Our Mission
Core values
Key strengths
History
Power of Silver
Products
UPS Systems
DU SERIES
GX-31 SERIES
GX-33 SERIES
G7-31 SERIES
G7-33 SERIES
G7i-31 SERIES
G7i-33 SERIES
G7d SERIES
DC Systems
SCR SERIES
PWM SERIES
SMPS SERIES
ERBDU
Frequency Converters
Frequency Converter -Industrial
Frequency Converters – Defence Applications
Universal frequency Converters -UFC
Inverters
Industrial Inverters
Railway Inverters
Power conditioners
Servo Controlled Voltage Stabilizer
Isolation Transformer
K –Rated Transformer
Static Voltage Stabilizer
Statcom Systems
ePFC
H Filters
DRPCE
Defence Power Systems
G7d SERIES
Frequency Converters – Defence Applications
Universal frequency Converters -UFC
VSG – Variable Speed generators
Power Racks
Containerized power Systems
Railways Power Systems
DRPCE
Railway Inverters
Services
Markets
Clients
Media center
News
Gallery
Corporate AV
Downloads
Contact
Privacy Policy
We understand that making purchases online involves a great deal of trust on your part. We take this trust very seriously, and make it our highest priority to ensure the security and confidentiality of the personal information you provide to us. Please read the following policy to learn about our privacy practices.
The terms “we”, “us”, “our” and “dubaspower” refer to dubaspower.com India Private Limited, a company incorporated in Mumbai, India. The term “you” refers to the customer visiting the Website and/or booking a reservation through us on this Website, or through our customer service agents. By visiting the http://dubaspower.com/ website (the “Website”), you are accepting the practices described herein.
What information we collect from you
In General. We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. This includes information that can identify you (“personal information”), including your first and last name, telephone number, postal and e-mail addresses. We also may request information about your sporter preferences, including meal requests, seat selection, frequent flyer/hotel/car rental program information, and ticketing options. You can choose not to provide information to us, but in general some information about you is required in order for you to register as a member; purchase products or services; complete a sporter profile; participate in a survey, contest, or sweepstakes; ask us a question; or initiate other transactions on our site.
Passenger Information. When you make sport or other arrangements for someone else through our Website, we will request personal information and sport preferences about that individual. You should obtain the consent of other individuals prior to providing our Website with their personal information and sport preferences, as any access to view or change their information will be available only through your account.
Information from Other Sources. We also may periodically obtain information about you from our business partners and other independent third-party sources and add it to our account information. Examples of information we may receive include: updated delivery and address information, which we use to correct our records and to facilitate proper delivery of sport information; and demographic information, which we use to better understand your potential purchasing preferences.
Automatic Information. We automatically collect some information about your computer when you visit our Website. For example, we will collect your IP address, Web browser software (such as Internet Explorer), and referring Website. We also may collect information about your online activity, such as trips viewed and purchases made. One of our goals in collecting this automatic information is to help customize your user experience.
Cookies and Other Web Technologies. When you visit our Website, we may assign your computer a “cookie” (a small, unique identifier text file). You can always choose not to receive a cookie file by enabling your Web browser to refuse cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie. Please note that if you refuse to accept cookies from our Website, you may not be able to access many of the sport tools offered by our Website.
Information Collected by Third-Party Advertising Companies. Third-party advertisers, such as those we use to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet, may use cookies and other technologies for several purposes, including: to measure the effectiveness of their ads; to analyze, modify, and personalize advertising content on our Website and other sites; and to provide ads about goods and services we hope will be of interest to you. We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features they may use, and the information practices of these advertisers are not covered by this Privacy Policy. You may opt not to have this information collected by select third-party advertisers such as on Google Ads Settings.
How we protect your information
We want you to feel confident about using our Website to plan and purchase your sport, so we are committed to protecting the information we collect. We have implemented appropriate administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect the personal information you provide to us. For example, only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information, and they only may do so for permitted business functions.
In addition, we use 128-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption when transmitting your sensitive personal information between your system and our Website, and we employ firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your information.
All credit card transactions on our Website are processed through a service which uses 128-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption when transmitting your payment card details. We do not store sensitive billing information such as your credit card number, cardholder name, and expiration date.
Despite these measures, we do not warrant that unauthorized access to your information can never happen and will not be liable for any such unauthorized access unless caused solely by our gross negligence, in which event you will be entitled to compensation up to a maximum of the value of the services purchased by you.
How we use your information
We use information about you for the following general purposes: to provide you with the products and services you request; to provide you with sport confirmation and updates; to manage your account, including processing bills and providing sport notifications; to communicate with you in general; to respond to your questions and comments; to measure interest in and improve our products, services, and Website; to notify you about special offers and products or services that may be of interest to you; to otherwise customize your experience with our Website; to reward you as part of any reward and recognition program you choose to join; to solicit information from you, including through surveys; to resolve disputes, collect fees, or troubleshoot problems; to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities; to enforce our Terms of Use; and as otherwise described to you at the point of collection.
With whom we share your information
We may share your information with the following entities:
Suppliers, such as hotel, airline, cruise, or car rental companies, or activity providers, who fulfill your sport reservations. Throughout our Website, all services provided by a third-party supplier are described as such. We do not share your email address with these suppliers unless they need it to fulfill the sport reservation you have made on our Website, and we restrict their use of this information to that purpose. We do not place limitations on our suppliers’ use or disclosure of your other personal information. Therefore, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any sport supplier whose products you purchase through our Website. Please note that these suppliers also may contact you as necessary to obtain additional information about you or to facilitate your sport reservation.
Third-party vendors who provide services or functions on our behalf, including credit card processing, business analytics, customer service, marketing, distribution of surveys or sweepstakes programs, and fraud prevention. These companies have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use the information for any other purpose.
Business partners with whom we may jointly offer products or services. You can tell when a third party is involved in a product or service you have requested because their name will appear with ours. If you choose to access these optional services, we may share information about you, including your personal information, with those partners. Please note that we do not control the privacy practices of these third-party business partners and recommend you evaluate their practices before deciding to provide your personal information.
With whom we share your information
In response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases we reserve the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.
When we believe it is appropriate to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities; to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of our Website, our customers, or others; and in connection with our Terms of Service and other agreements.
In connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
Other than as set out above, you will be notified when personal information about you will be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to have us share such information.
We also may share aggregate or anonymous information with third parties, including advertisers and investors. For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors a Website receives or what are the most popular vacation destinations. This information does not contain any personal information and is used to develop content and services we hope you will find of interest.
How you can access your information
You have the right to see personal information we keep about you upon payment of a fee. If you are concerned that any of the information we hold on you is incorrect please contact us.
Your choices with respect to collection and use of your information
As discussed above, you can choose not to provide us with any information, although it may be needed to make sport purchases or to take advantage of certain features offered on our Website.
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Please note that if you refuse to accept cookies from our Website, you will not be able to access portions of our site.
Careers
Careers
Life at Dubas
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
© 2013 Dubas.
All rights reserved.