https://dumelow.co.uk/terms/
Search for:
DumelowTractors
Reconditioned tractors & agricultural machinery exported Worldwide, specialists in Massey Ferguson tractors and implements.
0 items - £0.00
Tel/WhatsApp: +44 1685 637037
Menu
Skip to content
Home
About
Shop
Exports
FAQs
Contact
My Account
Checkout
In these terms and conditions, “we” “us” and “our” refers to Dumelow Tractors Limited.
Your access to and use of all information on this website including purchase of our product/s is provided subject to the following terms and conditions.
We reserve the right to amend this Notice at any time and your use of the website following any amendments will represent your agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions as amended.
We therefore recommend that each time you access our website you read these terms and conditions.
Registered Users
In order to access the services provided on this website, you must become a registered user.
You must complete registration by providing certain information as set out on our membership/registration page.
Please refer to our Privacy Policy linked on our home page for information relating to our collection, storage and use of the details you provide on registration.
You agree to ensure that your registration details are true and accurate at all times and you undertake to update your registration details from time to time when they change.
On registration, we provide you with a password. On registration you agree to pay for our services as set out on our website.
We reserve the right to terminate your registration at any time if you breach these terms and conditions.
Our Website Services
Our services are provided to adults over the age of eighteen (18) years.
By proceeding to purchase through our website, you acknowledge that you are over 18 years of age.
All prices are in Great British Pounds (GBP) and are exclusive of VAT.
We endeavour to ensure that our price list is current.
Our price list can be accessed from our home page and we reserve the right to amend our prices at any time.
If you have placed an order, we reserve the right to cancel your order should our prices change.
Product Descriptions
We strive to ensure that our products are described as accurately as possible on our website, however we do not warrant that the description is accurate.
Where we become aware of any misdescription, we reserve the right to correct any error or omission.
Images have been provided for illustrative purposes only and we do not guarantee that any image will reproduce in true colour nor that any given image will reflect or portray the full design or options relating to that product.
Product Orders
Our products are for sale to adults over the age of eighteen (18) years.
By proceeding to purchase through our website, you acknowledge that you are over 18 years of age.
We endeavour to ensure that our product list is current however we give no undertaking as to the availability of any product advertised on our website.
Packaging and postage is an additional charge, calculated at time of purchase.
When you order from us, we require you to provide your name, address for delivery, your email address, telephone contact and credit card details.
We undertake to take due care with this information; however in providing us with such information you accept that we are not liable for its misuse due to error in transmission or virus or malware.
We undertake to accept or reject your order within 7 days.
If we have not responded to you within 7 days, your offer is deemed to be rejected.
We are not required to give reasons for rejecting your offer to purchase however the most likely reason for rejecting your offer will be that we do not currently have that product in stock.
Once you have submitted an order, you may not cancel that order even if our acceptance or rejection of your offer is still pending.
Delivery of your ordered product/s will be as set out on our website.
Title in the goods passes to you when we have received payment.
Our terms of payment are set out on the order page.
All risk of loss or damage to the goods passes to you when we despatch the goods. At the time of conducting your transaction we give you the option to take out carrier insurance.
Product Returns
We undertake to replace you for any product delivered to you that is faulty or is in a damaged condition.
If you wish to return a faulty or damaged product, you must notify us through our designated “contact us” webpage where we set out our requirements relating to return of such goods.
If we are unable at the time of return to replace or exchange returned goods, we undertake to reimburse your credit card for the amount initially debited for the purchase including packaging and postage charges.
Site Access
When you visit our website, we give you a limited licence to access and use our information for personal use.
You are permitted to download a copy of the information on this website to your computer for your personal use only provided that you do not delete or change any copyright symbol, trade mark or other proprietary notice.
Your use of our content in any other way infringes our intellectual property rights.
Except as permitted under the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988, you are not permitted to copy, reproduce, republish, distribute or display any of the information on this website without our prior written permission.
The licence to access and use the information on our website does not include the right to use any data mining robots or other extraction tools.
The licence also does not permit you to metatag or mirror our website without our prior written permission. We reserve the right to serve you with notice if we become aware of your metatag or mirroring of our website.
Hyperlinks
This website may from time to time contain hyperlinks to other websites.
Such links are provided for convenience only and we take no responsibility for the content and maintenance of or privacy compliance by any linked website.
Any hyperlink on our website to another website does not imply our endorsement, support, or sponsorship of the operator of that website nor of the information and/or products which they provide.
You may link our website without our consent.
Any such linking will be entirely your responsibility and at your expense.
By linking, you must not alter any of our website’s contents including any intellectual property notices and you must not frame or reformat any of our pages, files, images, text or other materials.
Intellectual Property Rights
The copyright to all content on this website including applets, graphics, images, layouts and text belongs to us or we have a licence to use those materials.
All trade marks, brands and logos generally identified either with the symbols TM or ® which are used on this website are either owned by us or we have a licence to use them. Your access to our website does not license you to use those marks in any commercial way without our prior written permission.
Disclaimers
Whilst we have taken all due care in providing the information on our website, we do not provide any warranty either express or implied including without limitation warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
To the extent permitted by law, any condition or warranty which would otherwise be implied into these terms and conditions is excluded.
We also take all due care in ensuring that our website is free of any virus, worm, Trojan horse and/or malware, however we are not responsible for any damage to your computer system which arises in connection with your use of our website or any linked website.
Limitation of Liability
To the full extent permitted by law, our liability for breach of an implied warranty or condition is limited to the supply of the goods and/or services again or payment of the costs of having those goods and/or services supplied again.
We accept no liability for any loss whatsoever including consequential loss suffered by you arising from product/s we have supplied.
Indemnity
By accessing our website, you agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from all claims, actions, damages, costs and expenses including legal fees arising from or in connection with your use of our website.
Force Majeure
If a Force Majeure event causing delay continues for more than 30, we may terminate this Agreement by giving at least 7 Notice to you.
“Force Majeure” means any act, circumstance or omission over which we could not reasonably have exercised control.
Jurisdiction
These terms and conditions are to be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and any claim made by either party against the other which in any way arises out of these terms and conditions will be heard in England and you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of those Courts.
If any provision in these terms and conditions is invalid under any law the provision will be limited, narrowed, construed or altered as necessary to render it valid but only to the extent necessary to achieve such validity.
If necessary the invalid provision will be deleted from these terms and conditions and the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect.
Privacy
We undertake to take all due care with any information which you may provide to us when accessing our website. However we do not warrant and cannot ensure the security of any information which you may provide to us.
Information you transmit to us is entirely at your own risk although we undertake to take reasonable steps to preserve such information in a secure manner.
Our compliance with privacy legislation is set out in our separate Privacy Policy which may be accessed from our home page.
Refunds Policy – Goods
Goods may be returned within 14 days and subject to valid reasons and the terms and conditions laid out below a refund will be issued from cleared funds. Please contact us prior to returning any products purchased on-line to determine and confirm credit eligibility. When given, refunds will be in the same tender as the original payment at the prevailing currency exchange rate.
Contact & Address Dumelow Tractors Limited
Mayphil Industrial Estate
Goatmill Road
Dowlais
Merthyr Tydfil
CF48 3TF
United Kingdom
Tel/WhatsApp: +44 1685 637037
View our special offers and save money or discuss your needs with us directly.
ShopView our range of products and see how we can help you.
ExportsHere at Dumelow Tractors Limited we specialise in the export market.
ContactIf you need more information regarding how we can help, then don't hesitate to contact us.
Get In Touch For more information regarding our tractors or ifyou’re in need of more information then please contact us.
About Dumelow Tractors Limited was formed in 1996 in the UK by the director, John Dumelow, (Company registration number 11902076) in order to supply reconditioned used tractors and farm machinery to Africa.
Subsequently the business expanded with sales worldwide.
InformationFAQs
Privacy Policy
My Account
Checkout
Basket
Terms & Conditions
Contact Dumelow Tractors Limited
Mayphil Industrial Estate
Goatmill Road
Dowlais
Merthyr Tydfil
CF48 3TF
United Kingdom
Tel/WhatsApp: +44 1685 637037
© Copyright Dumelow Tractors Limited 2020, All Rights Reserved
Web Design By Visibility
Chat with us via WhatsApp