https://dynamicfireworks.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Free fireworks on orders over £599
Free shipping over £300
Quick delivery
My Account
Order Status
FAQ
Blog
Contact us
Buy Fireworks
Special Offers
Discounted Display Packs
Barrages & Cakes
Rockets
Candles
Fountains, Mines, Wheels & Lancework
Gender Reveal Fireworks
1.3G Effect Fireworks
Low Noise Fireworks
Wax Torches & Misc
Firework Displays
Wedding Fireworks
Indoor Displays
Fireworks for Sale
Showrooms
Ashes Fireworks
Home
Fireworks for Sale
Buy Fireworks
All Fireworks
Barrages & Cakes
Special Offers
1.3G Effect Fireworks
Fountains & Mines
Discounted Display Packs
Rockets
Firework Sparklers
Candles
Indoor Fireworks & Ice Fountains
Firework Displays
Wedding Fireworks
Indoor Displays
Ashes Fireworks
Showrooms
Blog
My Account
FAQ – firework questions
Contact us
Terms and Conditions
Home > Terms and Conditions
Terms & Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS & CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
Copyright
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United Kingdom and other copyright laws, and is the property of Dynamic Fireworks. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Dynamic Fireworks. Copyright 2016, Dynamic Fireworks ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Dynamic Fireworks or purchasing Dynamic Fireworks products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Dynamic Fireworks or to purchase Dynamic Fireworks products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorised by Dynamic Fireworks. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
Payment is required with confirmation of your order. We do not offer a sale or return facility. Goods are dispatched up to 21 days prior to your display. A national carrier normally delivers them during working hours Monday to Friday. Please make sure the person nominated is able to receive and store them. A surcharge may be applied if a delivery is refused or cannot be completed. The order will not be left without a valid signature. We do offer an overnight service in certain areas and during the November season we can process and dispatch orders in two to three working days.
Claims for shortages must be made in writing within three days of receipt of your goods. Please check all packages carefully and only sign for the number you receive. Do not wait until the day of your display before checking the contents.
All fireworks conform to the CE European Standard EN15947 and are supplied on the condition they will be used in accordance with the manufacturer’s instructions supplied. European Standard category 2 are labelled for a minimum spectator safety distance of 8 metres,15 metres or 20 metres, and category 3 for a minimum spectator safety distance of 25 metres. Purchasers must be eighteen years of age or over.
Every effort is made to complete your order in full but should the need arise to make substitutions they will be to the same value or greater. No consequential losses arising out of the use of any products will be accepted. Prices are correct at time of going to press but are subject to change without prior notification. All firing times quoted are approximate.
When the Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000 apply Dynamic Fireworks Ltd will accept cancellation of an order provided that the customer confirms in writing to the address on this brochure within seven days of receipt of the goods. Upon receipt of such cancellation Dynamic Fireworks will notify the customer of the procedure for collection of the goods. A charge will be made to the customer equal to the cost of collection and return to Dynamic Fireworks Ltd.
Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names of Dynamic Fireworks used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Dynamic Fireworks
Warranty Disclaimer
This site and the materials and products on this site are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Dynamic Fireworks disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Dynamic Fireworks does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Dynamic Fireworks does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise.
Limitation of Liability
Dynamic Fireworks shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Dynamic Fireworks has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical Errors
In the event that a Dynamic Fireworks product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Dynamic Fireworks reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Dynamic Fireworks reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Dynamic Fireworks shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Term; Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Dynamic Fireworks without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification, shall survive any termination.
Notice
Dynamic Fireworks may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Dynamic Fireworks.
Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Dynamic Fireworks or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organisation.
Participation Disclaimer
Dynamic Fireworks does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Dynamic Fireworks is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Dynamic Fireworks reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Dynamic Fireworks in its sole discretion.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Dynamic Fireworks, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the “Service Providers”) from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable legal fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Dynamic Fireworks may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Dynamic Fireworks, Dynamic Fireworks has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Dynamic Fireworks. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Dynamic Fireworks seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Earlybird Discount Scheme
The earlybird discount is available to customers using the Dynamic Firework website, instore and by phone when quoting the valid coupon code. The discount will be added to your order. Any special offer fireworks will be excluded from the discount. Earlybird orders are dispatched from early to mid-october and we will call to arrange date of delivery nearer that time period.
Top rated fireworks
SPECIAL OFFER: BUY TORNADO GET TWISTER FREE - WORTH £60.00
Tornado and Twister
Rated 4.86 out of 5
£60.00
Add to basket
Sale
SPECIAL OFFER: Save £71 off our already discounted prices!
Demon Display/Combo 5
Rated 4.93 out of 5
£270.00 £199.00
Add to basket
Sale
SPECIAL OFFER: Save £50 off our already discounted prices!
Supreme Selection/Combo 4
Rated 4.81 out of 5
£199.00 £149.00
Add to basket
Sale
SPECIAL OFFER: NOW HALF PRICE
Nitro Rocket 5 Pack
Rated 5.00 out of 5
£50.00 £25.00
Add to basket
Newsletter
Do not miss out on offers or promotions!
Email*
CAPTCHA
More than 5000 subscribers
Unsubscribe at any time
Do not miss out on offers or promotions
Copyright © 2020 Dynamic Fireworks. All Rights Reserved.
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy