https://e-scan.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Notice
Escan Technologies / Incode Corp / Exeba
HomeMy accountShopAbout Us
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
0
0
Menu
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.e-scan.com.
Privacy StatementAt Incode Corp., we take your privacy very seriously. While the nature of online business requires that we gather certain types of information from our customers, we can assure you that your information is safe and secure, and never shared with a third party. This privacy statement explains the types of information we collect, and how we use that data.
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.What information does Incode Corp. collect and why?When you create an account with Incode Corp., you are asked to fill in certain data fields. This account data (which includes your name, email address, and password) simply serves to help us identify returning customers when we’re dealing with transactions, shipments, and other necessary communications.
When you place an order online at Incodenet.com, we will ask for your billing information and credit card number. This information is sent over a protected channel using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption, making it unreadable as it travels over the internet. We use the transaction data to bill you for the items purchased, and to fulfill your order.
We will not share your information:All customer information is stored on a high-security server that cannot be accessed over the internet. It is our promise to you that we will never sell or share your information. Any information you provide to Incode Corp. is used solely for service and support purposes.f you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Who we share your data with
We do not share customer data with any third party company. It is only used for the purpose of customer purchase and to keep customers informed of any new products or services. Customers can unsubscribe from receiving emails or informational material at any time.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
About Us
AboutHomeContact Us
Customer Center
My AccountDownloadsFormsPayment Options
Company Policies
Privacy PolicyReturn PolicyTerms & Conditions
Contact Us
Tel:  951-270-1911Email:  sales@incodenet.comHours: Monday – Friday   8:00 am – 4:00 pm PST
Our Address:
Incode Corp.41765 Elm St., Ste 102Murrieta, California 92562USA
Copyright 2020 @ Incode Corp.  All Rights Reserved
Close Menu
Please spread the word :)
×
×Cart