http://eagleclaims.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Information Collection
Eagle Claims Management is the sole owner of the information collected on Eagleclaims.com. Eagle Claims Management collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Contact Us Submissions
In order to facilitate conversations with site visitors who use our Contact Us form, we require an email address. We collect personal and non-personal information about our website users. Personal information is that information that is specific to that user, such as name and address information. We collect such information only when it is voluntarily offered. Personal information is used by Eagle Claims Management for the purposes identified in our website. Non-personal information is collected to track website visitors and website use. This information is used to improve website use and is used by Eagle Claims Management for various purposes. Non-personal information is not linked to personally identifiable information. All submissions using the Contact Us form are stored in a database, which we may use for various monitoring and tracking purposes within Eagle Claims Management.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is placed on a user’s hard drive. As of the date of the last update of this Policy, as provided below, Eagle Claims Management does not use cookies. This procedure may change at any time without notice.
Clear Gifs (Web Beacons/Web Bugs)
As of the date of the last update of this Policy, as provided below, Eagle Claims Management only uses clear .GIFs for positioning and layout purposes. We do not use them in any other manner related to tracking a visitor’s path through our site.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our website.
Business Transitions
In the event Eagle Claims Management experiences a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition, or asset sale or change in operations, a user’s personal information will, in most instances, be transferred with any business assets. We will notify users by email and/or by posting a 30-day notice on our website before any transfer of personal information. If, as a result of the business transition, a user’s personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from when the information was collected, that user will be notified. We will not use the personally identifiable information of the user for the new purpose if that user provides that request to us in writing in advance of the new use.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If, however, we are going to use users’ personal information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users by posting a notice on our website for not less than 30 days.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us using either our Contact Us form found on this website, or by phone or postal mail found on this website.