https://earthbeat.nl/privacy-policy/
Who we are
Our website address is: https://earthbeat.nl
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We use google analytics to track your behaviour on our website in order for us to know how to improve our website. In order to obtain this information, Google Analytics gathers cookies.
Contact forms
We keep contact form submissions for customer service purposes, but do not use the information submitted for marketing purposes.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
On our website, we make use of services by third parties such as Facebook, Google, Instagram, Youtube, Soundcloud, Bandcamp and Spotify. On our artist profiles, you can watch their YouTube and Vimeo videos, or click on their social media posts. You can also see our Facebook and Instagram Feed. These third parties can place cookies, when you click on a Facebook like-button for example, or if you watch a YouTube video on our site.
On the website of these companies, you can read which data they gather and how they care about your privacy.
Google and YouTube
Vimeo privacy
Facebook cookies
Facebook privacy
Instagram privacy
Instagram cookies
Remove or Block Cookies
Via the settings in your browser, you can remove or block cookies. More information:
Remove or block cookies in Chrome
Remove cookies in Firefox
Block cookies in Firefox
Remove cookies in Internet Explorer
Remove cookies in Safari
If you don’t want to be tracked
On the  Google Analytics opt-out page, you can indicate that you do not want Google Analytics to gather information about your visit to ours and other websites.
On Your Online Choices, you can see which organisation  has placed advertisement-cookies in your browser. Here, you can opt out of personalised adverts of those organisations.
Via the Ads Preferences Manager of Google, you can opt out of personal adverts by the Google Content Network.
At NAI Consumer Opt Out you can opt out for personalised adverts of organisations that are connected to the Network Advertising Initiative..
ContactPhone +31 (0)20 627 95 18
Fax +31 (0)20 620 85 00
E-mail info@earthbeat.nl
Nieuwsbrief
Newsletter
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
OKLearn more