https://earthbornpaints.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience and security.
Home
Products
Colours
Find a Stockist
Shop
FAQs
Inspiration
About
Blog
Contact us
ONLINE ORDERS NOW AVAILABLE|UK Delivery only. Please allow up to 5 working days
Terms & Conditions
Earthborn is a trading name of Gordon Products Ltd, registered in England & Wales No. 2401214.
Gordon Products Ltd,
100 Main Street,
Frodsham WA6 7FZ,
V.A.T number 792 4132 26
All goods shall remain in the sole ownership of Earthborn until such times as all monies payable have been received by Earthborn.
The customer’s attention is drawn to application and usage information relating to the goods, which is available on Product Data Sheets that are accessible on our website at www.earthbornpaints.co.uk. Additionally, this information is available on request by ringing 01928 734 171. Any information, whether verbal or in writing of any kind (including on our website), is for guidance only and is given in good faith but without warranty, since skill of application and site conditions are beyond our control.
Prices are subject to change without notice. All orders are subject to availability. We reserve the right to refuse to accept any order where there is a material error in the description of the good or the advertised prices.
Whilst every effort is made to display as accurately as possible the colour of our goods, we cannot guarantee that your monitor’s display of any colour will accurately reflect the colour of the goods on delivery.
No Goods are supplied on a sale or return basis. There should be no liability on Earthborn to accept returned Goods.
In case of non-delivery of a consignment, the buyer shall advise Earthborn within 10 days after date of invoice.
Any quoted delivery times are estimates only.
These terms and conditions and any claims arising in relation to goods ordered or supplied shall in all respects be governed by English Law and any dispute arising under or in connection with the foregoing shall be for the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
We reserve the right to change these terms and conditions from time to time and you should refer to them each time you place an order. Please address any comments or complaints: Earthborn, Frodsham Business Centre, Bridge Lane, Frodsham, Cheshire WA6 7FZ.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsAcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.