https://earthbornpaints.co.uk/privacy-policy
You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience and security.
Home
Products
Colours
Find a Stockist
Shop
FAQs
Inspiration
About
Blog
Contact us
ONLINE ORDERS NOW AVAILABLE|UK Delivery only. Please allow up to 5 working days
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
About Us
This website www.earthbornpaintsonline.co.uk is owned and operated by Gordon Products, a company registered in England and Wales no. 02401214.
Address: 100 Main Street, Frodsham, Cheshire, WA6 7AR
This policy states how we collect data, how we store it, how we use it and how those who give us their details whether that is from visiting our websites and give us their data over the phone, face to face, and in writing and how they can request how that data is used by Earthborn.
Earhborn is committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining the security of any personal information received from you. We strictly adhere to the requirements of the data protection legislation in the UK and we are registered with the ICO under the Data Protection Act 1998.
We will be happy to deal with any queries or requests regarding the data we hold about you. We can be contacted via Email: info@earthbornpaints.co.uk or write to:
Earthborn Paints
Frodsham Business Centre
Bridge Lane, Frodsham
Cheshire WA6 7FZ
Legal Basis and purpose for processing your personal data:
Our Privacy Policy gives you information on how we collect and use your personal data. To process your data we must have a lawful basis to do so. The law allows for six ways to process your personal data. We will process your personal data where:
• You have given consent to the processing of your personal data for one or more specific purposes;
• It is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract;
• It is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject;
• It is necessary to protect your vital interests;
• It is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us;
• It is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of personal data.
How do we collect information?
We obtain personal information from you when you enquire about our activities, become a member, send or receive an email, attend an event organised by the Earthborn, ask a question about our services or otherwise provide us with personal information. We may also receive information about you from third parties; for example, from our service providers or from a contact who wants to tell you about our websites or the assistance we may be able to provide or the activities we carry out.
Information We May Collect From You:
To facilitate your interest in Earthborn, we may collect and process the following data about you:
• Personal data only when you actively enquire about our services:
• Name, place of work, position
• Contact information including email address
• Postal address
• Your interests in relation to Earthborn services and events
• Your computer IP address
• The method in which you found our website
We also gather general information about the use of our websites, such as which pages users visit most often, and which services, events or facilities are of most interest. We may also track which pages users visit when they click on links in emails sent out from Earthborn. This information is collected using Google Analytics software and email software such as Mailchimp. We may use this information to personalise the way our websites are presented when users visit them, to make improvements to our websites and to ensure we provide the best service for users. Wherever possible we use aggregated or anonymous information which does not identify individual visitors to our websites. Please see information on Cookies below.
How do we use your information?
We will use the information held about you for the purposes for which it was provided to us as stated at the point of collection (or as may be obvious in the context of collection). Your personal data will be used by us in the following ways:
• To respond to your enquiries
• To send you information you have requested
• To improve our business and the service and/or products we provide
• To facilitate any interest in a career at Earthborn
• To manage the website (including your member login and account);
• For administration purposes. This means we may contact you regarding our services or online content you have signed up for, to let you know that a service or online site has been suspended for maintenance, if your member subscription is about to expire to ask if you wish to renew it.
• We use IP addresses and device identifiers to identify the location of users, to establish the number of visits from different countries, and to personalise content and emails.
• For analysis and research to improve our services offered.
• To improve your search results.
• To conduct surveys with you (where you have consented to us contacting you for such purpose).
• To provide personalised communications
• We may use and disclose information in aggregate (so no individuals are identified) for marketing and strategic development purposes.
Sharing data with third parties including our service providers and suppliers:
To make certain services available to you, we may need to share your personal data with some of our service partners. These include IT, training and website and marketing service providers.
Earthborn only allows its service providers to handle your personal data when we have confirmed that they apply appropriate data protection and security controls. We also impose contractual obligations on service providers relating to data protection and security, which mean they can only use your data to provide services to the FP and to you, and for no other purposes.
Other third parties:
Aside from our service providers, Earthborn will not disclose your personal data to any third party, except as set out below. We will never sell or rent our customer data to other organisations for marketing purposes.
We may share your data with:
– governmental bodies, regulators, law enforcement agencies, courts/tribunals and insurers where we are required to do so: –
– to comply with our legal obligations;
– to exercise our legal rights (for example in court cases);
– for the prevention, detection, investigation of crime or prosecution of offenders; and
– for the protection of our employees and customers.
Use of Google Tracking
www.earthbornpaints.co.uk also uses 3rd party vendor re-marketing tracking cookies, including the Google Adwords tracking cookie. This means we will continue to show ads to you across the internet, specifically on the Google Content Network (GCN). As always we respect your privacy and are not collecting any identifiable information through the use of Google’s or any other 3rd party remarketing system.
The third-party vendors, including Google, whose services we use – will place cookies on web browsers in order to serve ads based on past visits to our website. – Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website. This allows us to make special offers and continue to market our services to those who have shown interest in our service.
Use of Facebook Pixel
We use the ‘visitor action pixels’ from Facebook Inc (1 Hacker Way, Menio Park, CA 94025, USA, or if you are based in the EU, Facebook Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland (‘Facebook’) on our website.
This allows user behaviour to be tracked after they have been redirected to the provider’s website by clicking on a Facebook ad. This enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook Ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data is collected in this way is anonymous to us i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users. However, this data is stored and process by Facebook, which is why we are informing you, based on our knowledge of the situation. Facebook may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes. In accordance with Faecbook’s Data Usage Policy https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy. You can allow Facebook and its partners to place ads on and off Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes.
The legal basis for the use of this service is Art.6 Paragraph 1 Sentence 1 Letter GDPR. You can object to the collection of your data by Facebook Pixel, or the use of your data for the purpose of displaying Facebook Ads by contacting the following address: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads
Facebook is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus guarantees compliance with European Data Protection legislation.   https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active
How do we protect personal information?
We use a secure server when you contact us via our websites. We take appropriate measures to ensure that the personal information disclosed to us is kept secure, accurate, and up to date. We will ensure that your personal information is kept only for so long as is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected and is securely destroyed in accordance with our data retention and disposal policy.
Your consent:
By providing us with your personal information, you consent to the collection and use of this in accordance with the purposes described in this policy.
Cookies:
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links:
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
How long do we keep your data?
We will not retain your data for longer than necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy. Different retention periods apply for different types of data, however the longest we will normally hold any personal data is 6 years.
Changes:
If your personal details change, please help us to keep your information up to date by notifying us.
We may change the terms of this privacy statement from time to time. If we do so, we will post the changes here so please check from time to time. By continuing to use our websites you will be deemed to have accepted such changes.
Trademarks and copyright:
Earthborn owned website www.earthbornpaints.co.uk contains material which is protected by copyright and/or other intellectual property rights. All copyright and intellectual property rights including the names, images and logos are owned by Earthborn unless otherwise stated. All rights are reserved.
You are responsible for complying with all applicable copyright laws. We permit you to make copies of information on the Earthborn website as necessary incidental acts during your viewing and you may take a print for your personal use of so much of the site as is reasonable for private purposes. All other uses are prohibited. Nothing in these terms shall be construed as conferring any right to use any trademark logo patent right or copyright of Earthborn.
Complaints:
If you have cause for complaint please contact us and we will follow up with you to resolve this. If you have a data privacy related complaint, you also have the option to direct your complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
Data Protection Regulator:
Further information and advice about data protection is available from:
The Office of the Information Commissioner
Website: www.ico.org.uk
Disclaimer:
The content of this site is for general information purposes only. It does not constitute professional advice (legal or otherwise) nor should it be used as such.
Use of this site does not form a contract for services between this company and yourself.
Whilst reasonable efforts are made to keep the content of this site both accurate and up to date, no warranties are expressed or implied.
We cannot accept responsibility for actions based on the material contained herein.
HOW TO CONTACT US:
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed.
We can be contacted via Email: info@earthbornpaints.co.uk or write to:
Earthborn Paints
Frodsham Business Centre
Bridge Lane, Frodsham
Cheshire
WA67FZ
This policy is under regular review. This policy was last amended on 14 May 2018.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsAcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.