https://eastey.com/about/privacy-statement/
info@eastey.com
1 (800) 835-9344
7041 Boone Avenue North Brooklyn Park, MN 55428
LinkedIn ProfileTwitter ProfileFacebook ProfileYoutube Profile
Privacy Statement
ENGAGE PRIVACY STATEMENT
This Engage Privacy Statement (“Privacy Statement”) describes how Engage Technologies Corporation (“Engage”) collects, uses, transfers, and discloses data including personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) obtained through Engage’s websites (the “Site(s)”) and via other methods.
By using the Sites or submitting any Personal Information to Engage, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by this Privacy Statement.
DATA ENGAGE COLLECTS
Engage collects data to provide customers with products and services, and to operate Engage’s business. Some of this data is provided directly, such as when you create an Engage account, connect an Engage device to the Internet or a Cloud service, provide equipment for maintenance, or contact Engage for support or to perform other services.
Engage receives some data by recording how users interact with Engage products and services by, for example, using technologies like Cookies, usage data or location data from software running on Engage products or from utilizing Engage services.
The data Engage collects depends on the products, services and features used, and can include the following:
Name and contact data. Information, including Personal Information, collected through the Sites or through other means, may include name and salutation, job title, physical address, time zone, telephone number (including work or home office, mobile, and fax numbers), e-mail address, and other contact information. Engage may also collect marketing contacts and preferences (phone, email, postal mail, fax, and text messages), name and nature of your business, language preference, and delivery and fulfillment information.
Credentials. Engage collects information used for authentication and account access.
Usage data. Engage collects data about how users and devices interact with Engage products and services. For example, Engage collects:
Product use data. Engage collects website activity data, performance data, purchase history, and the webpages you visit.
Device data. Engage may collect data about a device, its operational state, configuration, past usage data, device performance data, and information on the network used to connect and use Engage products. This includes data about the operating systems, applications and other software installed on the device. This also includes Internet Protocol (IP) address, network authentication, MAC address, other device identifiers, regional and language settings.
Error reports and performance data. Engage collects data about the performance of Engage products and problems experienced. This data helps diagnose problems in the products to improve Engage’s products and provide solutions. Depending on product and settings, error reports may include data such as the type or severity of the problem, details of the software or hardware related to an error, device status, usage data, contents of data or files that were processing when an error occurred, and data about other devices, networks, or software with which the device interacts.
Support data. When Engage is involved for support, Engage’s contact with any data or information stored on a device will be incidental in most instances.
Engage will collect data about any hardware, software, and other details related to the support incident for the purpose of tracking device performance and product improvement.
Cookies. Sites may collect certain kinds of data which could encompass Personal Information during your visit, including through the use of Cookies. Cookies are small text files sent from a site to the hard drive of a user’s device to store bits of information related to that user or device. Cookies can store information about the device and users, including IP addresses, navigational data, server information, data transfer times, user preferences, and passwords needed to access the special areas on Engage Sites. Engage uses Cookies to assist with the downloading of documents from Sites and for other business purposes such as traffic analysis of Sites. If you choose to create a user profile, Engage will use Cookies to store the Personal Information for your profile. Your browser may be able to be configured to block, reject, remove or disable Cookies and other tracking technologies. However, if you reject or remove Cookies or other tracking technology, you might not be able to access certain pages or use important functions on Sites, including downloading documents and establishing a user profile.
HOW ENGAGE USES PERSONAL INFORMATION
Engage uses, discloses, transfers, and otherwise processes data, including Personal Information, in several ways. Engage uses the data it collects for three basic purposes: (1) to process transactions for the sale and support of Engage products and/or services, (2) to operate Engage’s business, and to provide and support the products and services Engage offers (including improving and personalizing), and (3) to send certain communications, including promotional communications. When customers place an order, Engage uses the Personal Information provided, including any payment information necessary to provide the products or services requested.
If you create a user profile, Engage will store Personal Information as requested to manage the profile and communicate with the user.
If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to Engage through the Sites may be transferred to the United States.
Please also be aware that by using the Sites and giving Engage your information, you consent to such transfer. You also understand that the U.S. may not provide the same level of protections as the laws of your country.
Personal Information may also, subject to the requirements of applicable law, be used, disclosed and transferred to law enforcement personnel and other persons in situations where Engage believes that it is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal proceedings against someone who may be misusing the Sites, interfering with the rights of Engage or other users, or when Engage reasonably believes that the law requires or permits such disclosure.
WHY ENGAGE SHARES PERSONAL INFORMATION
Engage shares Personal Information with consent or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any product or service requested or authorized. Engage also may disclose and transfer Personal Information to channel partners, strategic partners, suppliers and other third parties for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement and to assist with the operation of the Sites and/or the associated business transactions.
If Engage sells or divests all or part of its business, makes a transfer of assets, or otherwise becomes involved in a change of control transaction, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, Engage may transfer Personal Data covered by this Privacy Shield Policy to one or more third parties as part of the transaction including the due diligence process.
Additionally, Engage will access, transfer, disclose, and preserve Personal Information when Engage has a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to:
1. comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies;
2. protect our customers, for example to prevent unsolicited emails or attempts to defraud users of Engage products, or to help prevent the loss of life or serious injury of anyone;
3. operate and maintain the security of Engage’s products and services, including to prevent or stop an attack on Engage’s computer systems or networks; or
4. protect the rights or property of Engage, including enforcing the terms governing the use of the products or services; however, if Engage receives information indicating that someone is using Engage products or services to traffic in stolen intellectual or physical property, Engage may refer the matter to law enforcement.
DATA SECURITY
Pursuant to applicable regulations, Engage maintains reasonable technical and administrative procedures to protect data including Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, but Engage cannot ensure or warrant the security of any data against any possible loss or unauthorized access.
LINKS TO OTHER INTERNET SITES
The statements set forth in this Privacy Statement are for the Sites and other activities.
Other sites hosted by third parties may have different practices. If you link to or otherwise visit any other sites managed by third parties, you must review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Engage has no control over those sites and is not responsible or liable for the policies and practices followed by third parties.
RETENTION OF DATA
Engage will keep your data, which may include Personal Information, for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, to provide you with products or services, to conduct legitimate business interests, and where otherwise required or permitted by law.
REVISIONS TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
Engage reserves the right to change this Privacy Statement from time to time at Engage’s discretion. Please check this Privacy Statement frequently and particularly before you submit Personal Information via the Sites.
CONTACT
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, please contact us at:
Engage Technologies Corporation
Attn: Legal Department
7041 Boone Ave. North
Brooklyn Park, MN 55432 USA
Email:
info@engagetechnologies.net
Phone: +1 763-795-8856
LOOKING TO PURCHASE?
INTERESTED IN DISTRIBUTING OUR PRODUCTS?
NEED MORE INFO?
CONTACT US
© 2020 Eastey, an Engage Technologies CompanyISO 9001:2015 Certified – Quality Management System
Privacy Statement
Careers
Legal
Warranty