https://easyonhold.com/company/policies/
Music & Voices
MUSIC ON HOLD
Browse Hold Music Tracks
Popular Hit Music
Holiday Hold Music
VoIP Hold Music Tips
Other Music Solutions
MUSIC & MESSAGES ON HOLD
Voiced Messages On Hold
Better Sound For Mobile
Message Samples by Industry
Holiday Messages from $99
BUSINESS MUSIC
Streaming Business Music Service
VOICE RECORDINGS
IVR Voice Service
Foreign Voices & Translations
Voice Talent & Recording Service
Technology
Hosted Streaming MOH
Digital connectivity, directly into your platform. Cloud based or using on-prem appliance.
Asterisk
Avaya
Bicom Systems
Broadsoft
Cisco
Fortinet
Freeswitch
Fusion
Genesys
IPitomy
Nextiva
OnSIP
VTech
Streaming MOH
Streaming Platform Specifications
Why Streaming?
Free Test Stream
On Premise Appliance
2 Channel Business Audio System
MOH Audio Files For VoIP
Better-Sounding VoIP MOH Files
Learn How Music On Hold Works
"Learn About...." Topics
Blog: 100+ Helpful Articles
Get the Guide To Streaming MOH
Samples
Marketing On Hold Messages Samples
Apartments
Assisted Living
Car Dealer
Construction
CPA, Tax & Accounting
Credit Union
Dental Practice
Education
Equipment Dealer
Fitness Center
Health Care
Hospitality
Insurance
Manufacturing
Orthodontics
Real Estate
Restaurant
Salon Spa
Technology/IT
Transportation
Veterinary Practice
Other Samples
Traditional Hold Music Samples
Hit Music Channels - Favorite Artists
Christmas and Holiday Music
4 Unique Live Hosted Streams
IVR, Foreign Voices
Company
About EOH
Meet Easy On Hold®
Some Of Our Customers
Helping Our Community
EOH In The News
Purchase & Privacy Policies
Careers
24/7 Support
1-888-798-4653
Request Support
Login Instructions
Contact
Contact EOH
Partner With Us
Grow your business using our powerful platform.
Partner Info
LOG IN
Contains only lowercase letters and numbers(and is not your email address).
forgot username?
5 characters minimum.
forgot password?
LOG IN
Privacy & Purchase Policies
THE MUSIC ON HOLD EXPERTS™
PRIVACY POLICY
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used to send periodic emails. The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 60 days.
We do not use cookies.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, such as Authorize.net, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below, or at: Contact Easy On Hold.
Easy On Hold
2401 E. Michigan Ave., Suite 202, Kalamazoo MI 49007USAinfo@easyonhold.com269-342-4653
PURCHASE POLICY
The following are the conditions of Easy On Hold® Terms of Service and Purchase Policy. The policy applies to all products and services.
1) RETURNS, REFUNDS
Purchases of equipment are returnable for a full refund of the equipment purchase price within 30 days of purchase. All other purchases, including scripts, voiceovers, music, recordings and/or any creative work are non-refundable, under any circumstance, whether or not the work was viewed, auditioned or downloaded.
2)	USAGE RESTRICTIONS
a) User agrees that all custom productions are licensed for use on a per-location basis. Duplication in any form of your Easy On Hold audio, or use at a location not registered with your Easy On Hold Service Agreement is prohibited. Custom messaging at multiple locations is available for very low licensing fees.
b) It is unlawful to resell any content you obtain from Easy On Hold without a written license.
c) Unless specified in writing, audio content is not licensed for use on multiple performance platforms, such as video, websites including YouTube, Facebook and the like.
3)	FREE DEMO
A no-cost demonstration production (free demo) may be made at our discretion to help you, the music on hold user, understand what to expect from your Easy On Hold purchase. User agrees that the demo will not be reproduced in full or in part, and will not be used on a phone system unless agreed to with a separate service agreement.
4)	COPY CHANGES AND UPDATES
A production is considered to be “new”, “additional”, “separate” or an “update” when there is a change in text, ranging from one word to the entire script; a change in music; a change in voiceover talent. After a production is accepted as approved, any future requests for changes are considered an order for a new production.
5)	EQUIPMENT WARRANTIES
Easy On Hold will attempt to troubleshoot with clients who are experiencing equipment difficulties. Warranty claims must be made directly with the manufacturer(s).
6)	YOUR TELEPHONE SYSTEM
Easy On Hold is not responsible for the performance of telephone equipment and/or any device not purchased from or provided by Easy On Hold. User accepts responsibility for the prevention or loss of Easy On Hold product(s) and/or service(s) due to the performance of third-party equipment.
7)	CONNECTIONS TO PHONE SYSTEM
Unless otherwise agreed to, service does not include telephone system configuration or equipment installation. All connections between equipment provided by Easy On Hold and user's phone system are completely the responsibility of the user.
8)	THREE-BUSINESS-DAY TURNAROUND
All demos, scripts and audio changes require a minimum of three business days each to be custom-created.
LOCATION
Easy On Hold is operated by TBA, Inc., a Michigan Corporation located at 401 E. Michigan Ave., Suite 202, Kalamazoo MI 49007.