https://eauth.com/privacy-policy/
Terms of Use / Privacy Policy
The consultation process is a thorough investigation of the candidates’ preferences and qualifications to make accurate franchise recommendations. The information you provide our affiliate consultants is kept strictly confidential. By filling out our CRF (Consultation Request Form) form, you aid your consultant to understand many facets of your career goals. However, that information is never shared with any person or company until YOU decide to release it to a company/franchisor you are interested in researching.
By working with an affiliate consultant, you are assured that your name will never be sold to any individual, organization or company. Furthermore, we only contact individuals that sign up to our service. You can opt out of receiving future correspondence if you desire. By agreeing with the terms of registration, you agree to receive phone calls and/or emails even if your phone number is registered with the National Do Not Call List or any State Do Not Call Registry, or you reside in the state of California.
Our Commitment
Your privacy is a primary concern to The Entrepreneur Authority LLC and its affiliate consultants. When you provide your personal information (such as name, address, phone number, e-mail address, or financial data) we will not give or sell your individual information to any outside company for its use in marketing or solicitation. We will maintain the confidentiality of your personal information and it will be used only to support your relationship with our affiliated consultants and our affiliated franchise companies.
COOKIES are used on our site to ensure the integrity of the registration process and to personalize the Site. A cookie is a small text file placed on your hard disk to enable a site to recall your specific information on subsequent visits, saving you time and effort. While cookies are able to remember your information to provide you with this convenience, they cannot be used to run programs or disseminate viruses to your computer. This site uses cookies to deliver relevant content, ease site navigation or collect information for statistical use, such as how many visitors our site received. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies at any time, and you can erase cookies from your operating system as well. However, declining or erasing cookies may preclude you from fully experiencing all the features of this website. No information collected by cookies on this site will be shared with any outside parties.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact us at: HQ@eAuth.com.
Scroll to top