http://ebl.org/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Experience Based Learning ("EBL") is committed to protecting the security and privacy of all visitors to this website.
We at EBL take your privacy seriously and make reasonable efforts to protect your privacy.
You may visit this site anonymously as often as you like without entering any Personal Information.
We will not collect any Personal Information from you unless you specifically provide it to us.
We have created this Privacy Policy for those of you that elect to submit Personal Information to inform you of our information collection and use practices.
Please read this policy in full before sharing any Personal Information with us.
This Privacy Policy applies to all websites operated by or on behalf of EBL.
For questions or concerns relating to this Privacy Policy please contact us at:
Experience Based Learning, Inc.
info@ebl.org
(815) 637-2969 (phone)
(815) 637-2964 (fax)
3634 Laura Lane
Rockford, IL 61114
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time-to-time as rules and regulations that govern the internet shift.
All changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted here before they take effect.
1. Information you provide
As you navigate our website, you will find some places which ask you to voluntarily provide us with information that identifies you.
This information may include your name, birth date, email address, postal address, and/or telephone number (“Personal Information”). In most instances, we are collecting this Personal Information to provide you with information that you have requested, such as a newsletter or online magazine subscription.
In other instances, you may be providing Personal Information to post photos or videos, participate in surveys, interact with other users on forums or chats, and/or registering for webcasts or tradeshows.
All these activities are strictly voluntary.
If you do not wish to reveal your Personal Information, please ignore these offerings.
If you do elect to participate in the offerings, we will not sell or rent your Personal Information to any third parties.
We will not use your Personal Information for any purpose other than those stated.
You may also elect to give us feedback relating to our website.
Feedback, opinions or other suggestions are encouraged and appreciated.
During the process of providing us with feedback, you will reveal some Personal Information, typically either your email address or postal address. We promise we will use this Personal Information only for the purposing of responding to your feedback.
Your information will not be used or sold, and you will not be approached with unsolicited offers as a result of giving us feedback.
2. Cookies
Cookies are tiny pieces of data stored by a user’s internet browser that help a website or service recognize a user’s unique computer.
You can regulate and even block cookies by adjusting the security setting on your internet browser.
Cookies are placed on your computer for the sole purpose of enhancing your communications and interactions with our web site.
We do not use cookies to retrieve Personal Information from your computer.
Our only method of obtaining your Personal Information is through your voluntary submission, as discussed above.
3. Removing your personal information
If, at any time, you decide you no longer want use to have your Personal Information, please contact us at info@ebl.org.
We will accommodate your request as quickly as possible, but we cannot guarantee it will be done immediately.
4. Children under 13
We have no intention of collecting any information from children under the age of 13.
Because we care about the safety and privacy of children, we fully comply with the ‘Children’s Online Privacy Act of 1998'.
We will not knowingly allow anyone under the age of 13 provide us with any Personal Information.
When we become aware that Personal Information is collected from a child under the age of 13 without such child’s parent or guardian’s consent, we will use all reasonable efforts to delete such Personal Information from our database.
Please notify us if you believe we have received Personal Information from a child under the age of 13.
5. Security
Securing your Personal Information is important to us.
We would like to guarantee that your Personal Information is 100% safe, but no website can make that guarantee.
Security breaches do happen, but we take commercially reasonable steps to secure your Personal Information.
We have put in place reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect.
6. EBL's use of your personal information
We may use or disclose your Personal Information to operate and manage your use of our website, to provide services you requested, and to respond to your inquiries or suggestions.
We may also use your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws, to comply with a valid legal process (such as a search warrant), or investigate suspected fraud or violation of the Terms of Use associated with this website.
We will not sell or rent your Personal Information to any third party not affiliated with EBL without your consent.
Please also be aware that any postings or submissions to online forums can be viewed by other members of our website community.
We are unable to control how other users use the Personal Information you submit on those forums.
7. User Agreement
Use of this website is subject to the Terms and Conditions statement, provided here.
8. United States
EBL is based in the United States.
If you are outside the United States, and use this service, you are authorizing the transfer and storage of your Personal Information to the United States.
We will store and protect your Personal Information according to the terms and conditions set forth herein.
9. Update
This Privacy Policy was last updated November, 2013.