http://echodesign.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to Main Content
SHOP
Featured
Best SellersThe Holiday ShoppeThe Warm & Fuzzy EditWinter CoordinatesThe Errand CollectionGifts Under $50
Scarfs
SilksWinter ScarfsCasual Scarfs and Wraps Bandanas and MasksThe Series Collection
GET INSPIRED:Small ShapesWear In Your HairConversationals
Hats
Winter HatsSpring Hats
Gloves
Errand GlovesWinter GlovesFingerless
Cold Weather
Cozy LayersWinter HatsWinter GlovesWinter Scarfs
Masks
Home
BeddingBathTableDecorFabric by the Yard
GET INSPIRED:Framed Series Scarfs
Loungewear
Resort
Cover UpsPareosBeach HatsBeach BagsSwim Suits
EXPLORE
Our History
#InterestingWoman
Echo Knots
Blog
SEARCH
Main Menu
Legal -
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Miscellaneous
Work With Us +
Wholesale
Private Label
Careers
Questions? +
Shipping/Returns/Exchanges
Faq's
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
The Echo Design Group, Inc. (“Echo Design”) has always been renowned for its integrity. That integrity will continue to be the cornerstone of our business as we expand our online presence. Echo Design has developed this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy and to disclose our information-gathering and sharing practices on echodesign.com (the “Site”). We want you to understand what information we collect, how we share it, and the steps we take to protect you. We also want you to understand the choices you have regarding our sharing of information with others and how you may access the data you provide us. By visiting our Site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Our Site will develop and evolve over time, and this Privacy Policy is intended to cover future changes to our Site.
1. How Echo Design Collects Personal and General Information
When you visit our Site, your browser ordinarily sends us general data such as the Internet protocol address of the network that you are logged into so that we can send you our web pages. In some instances, your browser may also send us the URL of the web-pages that you visit before and after ours.
Once you access our Site, we do not require you to provide us with any personal information. We collect personal information in the following instances:
(a) Registration, Orders, Surveys, Contests, Other Promotions, and Information Requests. We collect personal information when you fill out the registration page on the Site, order items, participate in surveys, contests, or other promotions, send messages to us, or request information from us. If you do not want us to collect personal information about you, please do not provide it to us.
When you register with us or place an order, we collect information such as your name, email address, mailing address, and phone number.
If you place an order with us, we collect other information, including billing address, credit card number, credit card expiration date, or tracking information from checks or money orders.
When you participate in a survey, contest, or other promotion, we may request additional information on your demographics, preferences, tastes, opinions, interests, and behavior to better understand and serve you. This additional information is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis only.
If you send us personal correspondence, such as email or letters, if you request information from us, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities on the Site, we may collect such information in a file specific to you.
If you view a job description on the employment section of our Site, we may require you to enter personal information such as your name, email address, work experience, and other job-related information.
(b) Cookies. Cookies are small text files that a web site can send to a visitor’s hard drive. Many consumers are concerned that cookies are used to create profiles of them from their online activity. We do not use cookies in this manner. We use cookies to improve our Site and enhance your experience of it. In the future, cookies may help us keep track of visitors’ patterns so we can tell which pages are more popular.
Some browsers allow you to control cookie files on your computer by deleting them, blocking them, or notifying you before accepting them. Please take a look at your particular browser for instructions on this function. If you disable cookies, please note that you may not be able to use certain features of our Site (e.g., processing your order), and you also may have to retype certain information more frequently during a session.
(c) Other Methods. In the future, we may, in conjunction with our advertising agency, use cookies in connection with banner advertisements to compile information about your interests and preferences (based on your responses to these banner advertisements). We may also obtain data from off-line and on-line stores that sell Echo Design products and combine it with data we obtain on our Site, for our internal marketing purposes.
2. How Echo Design Uses Personal and General Information
We collect information about users for five main reasons: (1) to help us to continually improve the services we offer; (2) to sell advertising space on the Site to appropriate advertisers in the future; (3) to introduce willing users to companies associated with us; (4) to email registered users with timely details of offers, contests, and promotions featured on our Site (for as long as they wish to receive them); and (5) for internal marketing purposes. We may share aggregated information about traffic to and on our Site with third parties.
WE DO NOT SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES EXCEPT AS FOLLOWS:
(a) Companies That Perform Services For Us
We may share your personal information with outside companies that perform services for us. For example, we may disclose personal information to our advertising agency. We may also disclose personal information to the company that manages our databases or administers contests or promotions for us. In the latter case, the outside company is performing work for Echo Design and is contractually bound to use the information only to provide the services requested by Echo Design, and not for any other purpose.
(b) Companies You Authorize Us to Contact
We may share your personal information with companies you authorize us to contact to introduce you to the products and services that may interest you.
(c) Required Disclosures. We reserve the right to disclose personal identifying information in connection with an investigation, subpoena, court order, or legal process or to protect our interests or property. We may share information with governmental agencies, lawyers, credit bureaus, or other third parties in connection with any suspected activity that may be illegal, including but not limited to, fraud, debt collection, and intellectual property violations.
(d) Merger, Acquisition, Sale of Assets or Bankruptcy. In the event of a merger, acquisition, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all the assets of Echo Design, or in the unlikely event of a bankruptcy, we reserve the right to transfer all or part of our business, including this Site and the accumulated data, to third parties.
(e) Links to Other Sites. Our Site may, in the future, contain links to other sites that are not under our control, even though some of them may feature the Echo Design logo through a marketing agreement or a “co-branding” relationship with us. In the process of deciding whether to link with another company’s web site, we may share limited marketing information about you on an aggregate basis only. We will not share your personal information on an individual basis with these companies, unless you authorize us to do so. If you decide to visit the web sites of these companies, please remember that they have their own privacy policies, which you should review before visiting. Echo Design cannot be held responsible for the privacy policies of other companies.
(f) We partner with Rakuten Advertising, who may collect personal information when you interact with our site. The collection and use of this information is subject to the privacy policy located here:Rakuten’s privacy policy: https://rakutenmarketing.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-policy/To submit an opt-out request: https://rakutenmarketing.com/legal-notices/subject-requests/
3. Choosing Whether to Disclose Your Personal Information and “Opt-Ins”
Those portions of our Site that request personal information contain a box that, if checked, will allow you to “opt in” to permit Echo Design to use any of your personal information beyond the use for which it was provided (e.g., to complete a transaction). You will have the ability to “opt in” where your information is to be used for future internal marketing purposes (e.g., Echo Design sending you information about new products), and also if you want your information shared with third parties.
Should any sensitive information be requested (and such requests shall always be voluntary and not required for any service or product offered by the Site), such as financial data, racial or ethnic origin, sex, etc., the Site will contain a special “opt-in” box for you to check, for whether you will allow such information to be disclosed to a third party, or to be used for any purpose other than that originally collected.
4. Collection of Personal Data from Children
Like you, we at Echo Design are concerned about the safety of children when they use the Internet. Our Site is not directed to minors under the age of 18. In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, we will not knowingly (i) collect information from individuals under the age of 13 (“children”) without their parent’s or guardian’s consent, or (ii) provide any personally identifying information collected from children, regardless of its source, to any third party for any purpose whatsoever. No information collected through the Site from users self-identified as children will knowingly be used for any marketing or promotional purposes whatsoever, either inside or outside Echo Design.
5. Data Quality, Security and Enforcement of Policy
The security of user information is very important to us and we take numerous steps to safeguard it. Echo Design has invested, and will continue to invest, in industry-standard security systems available to protect access to information, data quality, and physical security of servers where information is stored. Our Site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. We also maintain appropriate physical, electronic, managerial, and procedural safeguards to secure the information we collect from you. Regardless of our efforts, perfect security is not possible on the Internet or elsewhere. In the unlikely event that these safeguards fail, we shall not be liable to you for any damages whatsoever under any circumstances.
6. Right to Change Privacy Policy
This policy is effective as of February 27, 2012. We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our Site. You agree that notice of any changes to the Privacy Policy provided through the Site will be sufficient, and your use of the Site after posting of such notice constitutes your assent to the revised Privacy Policy.
7. Accessing and Amending Your Personal Information
If you wish to review or amend any personal information that Echo Design maintains about you, please email your request to customerservice@echonewyork.com. Alternatively, you can mail your request by sending us a letter at The Echo Design Group, Inc., 10 East 40 Street, New York, NY 10016.
8. Unsubscribing to Echo Design Emails
You can unsubscribe to any automatic email by sending your request to customerservice@echonewyork.com. Alternatively, you can mail your unsubscribe request to The Echo Design Group, Inc., 10 East 40 Street, New York, NY 10016.
9. Complaints
If you have any reason to believe Echo Design has acted in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at customerservice@echonewyork.com. Alternatively, you can mail us a letter at The Echo Design Group, Inc., 10 East 40 Street, New York, NY 10016. We will respond to your concerns and, if necessary, take appropriate remedial action.
10. Questions
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please send us an email at customerservice@echonewyork.com.
©2019 The Echo Design Group, Inc.
MY CART
Your cart is empty.
Start Shopping
WELCOME BACK!
NEW? JOIN US!
CONTINUE SHOPPING >
MY ACCOUNT
CONTINUE SHOPPING >
Please login or create an account to add to your wishlist.
Login / Register
x