https://ecoglo.com/privacy/
Skip to content
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
How do we protect your information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
We do not use an SSL certificate.
We only provide articles and information. We never ask for personal or private information like names, email addresses, or credit card numbers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
Market to our mailing list. Unsubscribe links are included on all emails.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Ecoglo International Ltd
77 Kingsley Street
Christchurch 8023
New Zealand
Ph. 03 348 3781
Fx. 03 343 6821
Home
Products
Exit Signs
UL 924 PL Exit Signs
S20 Standard PL Exit Signs
Hybrid PL Exit Signs
LBC
PL Exit Signs
Emergency Visibility Products
Step Products
Guidance Strips and Markers
Handrail Markers
S5 Fire Protection Signs
Evacuation Maps
Fire Extinguisher Signs
Fire Hose & Fire Alarm Signs
Break Glass Signs
Stadium and Venue Markers
Aisle Markers
Seat Numbers
Disaster Preparedness Signs
Tsunami Hazard Signs
Landslide Warning Signs
Tsunami Evacuate
Evacuation Area Signs
Water Depth Gauge
Code Compliance
IFC
NFPA
UL 1994
UL 410
UL 924
Technical
HTC
MasterFormat Specifications
Installation
Warranties
Events
Exemplar Projects
News
Contact