https://ecpa.site-ym.com/?page=privacy
Privacy Policy - ECPA
Search »
Careers   |   Store   |   Bestsellers
Home   |  	Directory   |   Vendor Guide   |
Next Industry Event
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Slide Share
About
About UsJoin ECPA
Why Join ECPAAssociation Types & DuesRenewalsDirectory
Board of DirectorsPrinciples & PracticesConduct PolicyDiversity MattersCOVID-19 Industry Resources
Professional Development
Art of Writing conferencePubU (Publishing University)Leadership SummitVirtual Summit SeriesECPA Focus webinarsC-Suite SymposiumEmerging Leaders Mentor programLegal UpdatesIndustry Awards
Lifetime AchievementECPA Chair Award
Market Intelligence
AAP StatShotReader Preferences Report 2019Christian Book Landscape Survey 2017Bestsellers ReportingBusiness IntelligenceResearch ReportsE-LinkRush to PressLegal UpdatesISBN / UPC
Discoverability
Books on Racial JusticeBooks by Authors of ColorChristian Bestseller ListsChristianBookExpo.comChristian Book Awards®The Christy Award®Sales Milestone Awards
Bronze Gold Platinum DiamondPinnacle Award
Top Shelf Design Awards
Business Solutions
International Collectives
European Christian Rights FairInternational Christian Rights & Export FairFrankfurt Book FairLondon Book FairLSRA Guide
Book Proposal DatabaseCareer CenterDigital Galley ServiceDiversity & InclusionFreight & CustomsLegal HotlineMetadata ManagementNPD Bookscan ReportsRoyalty ManagementSponsorshipVendor Guide
E-CommunityJOIN
Why Join ECPAAssociation Types & Dues
Edit This Favorite
Name:
Category:
Share:
Yes
No, Keep Private
Privacy Policy
More in this Section...
Content Policy
Terms of Use
The ECPA.org website and any related websites (collectively, the "Site”)
operated by Evangelical Christian Publishers Association ("ECPA”) is
intended to provide a resource to ECPA members. As we encourage our users to explore and interact with the
Site, we also take seriously the obligation to educate users about how to
maintain appropriate privacy when using online media.The policy below
describes ECPA’s information collection practices for the Site.
This privacy statement (the "Privacy Policy”) applies to all
personally identifiable information (collectively, "Personal Data”) and
other information that is collected by ECPA through the Site. Please review this Privacy Policy
carefully before using the Site. By using any Site, you consent to these practices. Capitalized terms not defined in this
Privacy Policy have the meaning set forth in the Terms of Use for the Site.
What Information Do We Collect?
We collect Personal Data from you when you subscribe to certain Services, register
for certain programs and newsletters, and when you voluntarily choose to
provide such information such as when you purchase products or Services otherwise
enter your Personal Data on the Site. Wherever we collect Personal Data we make
an effort to provide a link to this Privacy Policy.
By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are consenting to our
use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data
to us via the Site, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Data may be
transferred from your current location to the offices and servers of ECPA and
the authorized third parties referred to herein for the purposes described in
this Privacy Policy.
Children: ECPA is committed to complying with the guidelines
set forth by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). At this time, ECPA does not market
products or services to children 12 or under.
Other Collection of Personal Data:
So that ECPA may improve its
products and provide you with efficient member services, from time to time, ECPA
may request information, including Personal Data, about you and your
organization. Information we may collect includes Personal Data such as names,
postal addresses and email addresses, demographic information such as age,
gender, and zip code, and information regarding the demographics or your
organization. We also may collect non-personally identifiable technical data
such as your browser type, IP address, domain, access times, installation data,
error and other use codes, and referring web site address.
Posting Content: As more fully described in ECPA’s Interactive
Content Policy,
certain Services offer you the opportunity to upload Content to share with
other users of the Site. You acknowledge by uploading such Content that
you own copyright to the content uploaded, that other users of the Site are
permitted to view the Content, and that ECPA may use the Content on the Site
and otherwise in compliance with the Interactive Content Policy and Terms of
Use.
Offers: From time-to-time we may
give you the opportunity to opt in to offers from unaffiliated third parties
that we deem valuable. If you decide to accept these offers, we will provide
your Personal Data to the applicable third party. However, you should note that
this Privacy Policy does not apply to Personal Data that you permit us to give
to unaffiliated third parties. Any information users give to another party is
governed by the rules of that party's privacy policy, which may differ from
this Privacy Policy. ECPA is not responsible for information given to other
parties. Please review their privacy policies prior to providing any
information to third parties.
Log Files: We use IP addresses to
analyze trends and use of content, administer the Site, evaluate content of and
for ECPA events and Services, track user movements and interaction with content
in the Site, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP
addresses are not linked to Personal Data and are not themselves considered
Personal Data.
Visitors From Outside of the US: The Site and the servers upon which the Site
are hosted are located in the United States. Any Personal Data that users
outside of the U.S. provide via the Site will be transferred to the United
States, and by visiting the Site and submitting Personal Data, you authorize
this transfer.
Aggregate Information: We may occasionally generate reports or
other information for advertisers containing aggregate information about our
users such as demographics and online usage trends. This allows us to provide
content and advertiser offers that are most relevant and beneficial to our
users. Except as otherwise disclosed herein, we will not include any Personal
Data in these reports and will not link the aggregated data to Personal Data.
Sharing and Disclosing Your Personal Data: In addition to the disclosures of Personal Data
described above, there are certain circumstances in which we may share your
Personal Data with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set
forth below:
Merger: All information, including Personal
Data, collected by or for ECPA through the Site, and otherwise is considered a
trade secret of ECPA. As the owner of such information, we may assign such
information in conjunction with the merger or other transfer of our non-profit
organization to another non-profit organization or with the transfer of a
portion of our assets.
Agents, Consultants and Related
Third Parties: ECPA
sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions.
Examples include mailing information, providing Services, maintaining databases
and processing payments. When we employ another company to perform a function
of this nature, we endeavor to provide them only with the information that they
need to perform their specific function.
Legal Requirements: ECPA reserves the right to use or disclose any Personal Data
without notice or consent as needed to comply with federal and state law; to
conduct investigations of complaints; to protect the integrity of the Site; to
protect the safety of our visitors or others; and to cooperate in any legal
investigations.
Linking and Framing
Framed Site: ECPA
does not control and has no liability with respect to content which is incorporated
from a framed site (a website operated by another entity whose material is
presented in a browser window frame alongside material from our Site). Use of
such content may be subject to other terms and conditions imposed by the
operator of such site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that
may be collected by such third party site.
Links: The Site may contain links to other sites. Please be
aware that ECPA is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other
websites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Site and to read the
privacy policies of every website that collects Personal Data. This Privacy
Policy applies solely to information collected by the Site.
User Agreement: Your access to and
use of the Site constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use displayed on the Site.
Security: At ECPA
we take the issue of security very seriously. It is a top priority to ensure that all current and future
information collected from our users is secure. We are careful to limit the number of individuals who
have access to our database servers as well as maintaining standard commercial
standards in electronic security and password protection.
On-line Polls and Surveys:
Occasionally we collect poll or survey responses to find out what ECPA users
think, or for statistical or research purposes. Our polls and surveys do not
collect, nor are they linked to, any Personal Data, and they are voluntary. The
results of our demographic and opinion surveys are grouped and analyzed as a
whole - in the aggregate. ECPA may share this aggregated information with other
parties.
Using "Cookie" Technology: We use a software technology called
"cookies" to collect non-personal information about our visitors.
Such information includes: type of browser software a visitor uses to access
the Internet (i.e. Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari, Netscape, etc.);
type of operating system (i.e. Windows, Macintosh, etc.); or the domain name of
the visitor's Internet service provider. We also count the number of visitors
who come to our site each day in an aggregate form. Such information allows us
to better assess which attractions are best meeting our audience's needs.
Notification of Changes: From time to time we may make changes to our Privacy
Policy. If we make changes, we will post them on the Site to make users aware
of what the changes are so users will always be aware of what information we
collect, how we use it, and when we may disclose it. A user is bound by any
changes to the policy when she or he uses the Site after those changes have
been posted. If, however, we are
going to use users' Personal Data in a manner materially different from that
stated at the time of collection we will notify by posting a notice on our Site
for 30 days.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Beginning on January 1, 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits
users who are California residents to request certain information regarding the
Site’ disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct
marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to [insert email] or write
us at the address below.
ECPA
5801 S. McClintock Dr., Ste. 104
Tempe, Arizona 85283
If you have any questions concerning this privacy policy, please contact us.
[Last updated May 25, 2018]
Sign In
Remember Me
Forgot your password?Haven't registered yet?
Industry News
more
10/8/2020ECPA names 28 Christian novels as finalists for Christy Award®
10/5/2020Check out the week's industry news in Rush to Press
10/2/2020ECPA releases Christian bestseller lists for October
10/1/2020ECPA announces the best book & Bible designs of the year
Industry Calendar
more
10/8/2020 » 11/5/20202020 Art of Writing Webinar Series11/12/2020The Christy Award® 2020 Winners Webcast11/16/2020 » 11/18/2020C-Suite Connect: Online3/15/2021 » 3/17/2021European Christian Rights Fair 20214/19/2021 » 4/23/2021Publishing in Color 2021 Spring Online Conference
Featured Jobs more
Social
Quick Links
Contact
ECPA Staff
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Content Policy
Antitrust Policy
Subscribe/Unsubscribe
Resources
Christian Books
Manuscript Submissions
Careers In Christian Publishing
Top Shelf Design Awards
Christian Bestsellers
Christian Book AwardsChristy Fiction AwardsIndustry Vendor Guide
Green Press Initiative
Association Management Software Powered by YourMembership  ::  Legal