https://edusoftlearning.com/privacy-policy/
X
First Name:
Last Name:
Email:
Sales inquiryDistributor inquiryProduct infoOtherType of inquiry:
Name of company:Please leave this field empty.
Phone:
Country:
Message...
Thank you!Your email was sent.
English
Español
Toggle navigation
en
es
Home
Learning Solutions
Higher Education
Government
Schools
Corporate
Success Stories
About Us
Latest News
Blog
Contact
PRIVACY POLICY
Website Privacy Policy
Effective Date: September 1, 2011
www.edusoftlearning.com and www.edusoft.co.il and www.englishdiscoveries.com
We at Edusoft (“we” or “Edusoft”) respect your concerns about privacy and value the relationship we have with you. This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we collect on www.edusoftlearning.com and www.edusoft.co.il and www.englishdiscoveries.com , how we may use that information, and with whom we may share it. This Privacy Policy also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the information. In addition, we describe the choices you can make about how we use the personal information you provide to us, how you can update your contact information, contact us with general questions or comments, inquire about our company and its products and services, or ask any questions you may have about our privacy practices or this website.
Information We Collect:
Getting our Newsletters and other information
You may sign up to receive our newsletters and/or other information about new releases, author appearances, and special offers. In order to fulfill your requests, we will ask you for your name and email address, and sometimes certain other information. You may unsubscribe to our newsletters and alerts at anytime by clicking on the unsubscribe link included on all of our emails to you.
Surveys and Questionnaires
We may ask visitors to our website to complete online surveys and opinion polls on a variety of topics, including their activities, attitudes, and interests as they relate to our products and services. When you complete a survey we may collect your name, address, and email address. We may also ask you for additional information, such as your age, interests, product preferences or zip code.
Contests and Promotions
From time to time we may run contests or other promotions online. When you enter a contest online, we may collect your name, address, email address and phone number. We may also ask you for additional information, such as your age, interests, product preferences or zip code.
News, Forums, and Discussion Groups
We may choose to host news, forums and/or discussion groups on our website. If you choose to participate in a chat room, forum or discussion group, we may request certain information such as your email address and date of birth. Please be aware that some or all information you provide (including personally-identifiable information) in connection with a news item, forum or discussion group may become publicly available. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to save and archive any content of any nature posted to this website and we may (in addition to any other rights we may have to use such content pursuant to the Terms and Conditions governing your use of this website): 1) disclose such content if required to do so by law or to comply with legal processes; 2) to respond to claims that any of the content violates the property, privacy, publicity or other rights of others; or 3) to protect the rights, property or safety of this website, Edusoft, its employees, users or members of the public.
“Contact Us”
You may choose to contact us through our website. If you e-mail us comments or questions, we will have your e-mail address, as well as any other information you choose to provide.
Passive Collection of Information
When you visit our website, your browser automatically sends us certain Internet-related information, such as the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer you’re using and your originating domain. We also collect certain information about our website visitors, such as how many users visited our site, the average time spent on the site, the pages viewed, and referring websites. By collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor our website to our visitors. While we generally examine such information only in the aggregate, such information could be linked back to individual IP addresses.
We use cookies on this website. A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a Web site that is saved on your hard disk by your computer’s browser. It holds information a site may need to interact with you and personalize your experience.
You can use our site without accepting cookies. The “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies. Remember, though, if you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all features of this website.
Collection of site usage information on our site is performed on our behalf by a third party service provider. In addition to cookies, the service provider may use web beacons to notify the service provider of web page access by visitors. Our third party service provider may retain such usage information for its own internal purposes.
How We Use Information We Collect
Information collected through our website is used in connection with the purpose for which it was submitted, including: to contact you to answer a question, to send you a newsletter or other information you have requested, or to enter you into a sweepstakes. In addition if you purchase a product on our website, we will use information to process that purchase and the related payment.
We may also use the information we collect to send you information or products we think may be of interest to you, to customize our contacts with you and to do other internal analyses, such as market research, that will allow us to better meet the needs of our customers. We may also use information to enhance your online experience while using our website or to improve the content of the site or to improve the quality or variety of the products and services we offer.
How We Share Information
We may share the information you provide with companies that are related to Edusoft through common ownership.
In addition, we may share information about you with non-affiliated third parties whose products or services may be of interest to you. These third parties may contact you about their products and services. We will not share your information with these third parties for their own marketing purposes if you request that we not do so. We may, however, engage in joint marketing activities with selected third parties and may share personal information about our website visitors with them.
In addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law, (ii) in response to legal process, iii) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials, or (iv) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.
We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to ensure that the transferee uses personal information you have provided through this website in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Links to Other Websites
We provide links to other websites for your convenience and information, including websites of other companies related to Edusoft through common ownership. These sites may operate independently from www.edusoftlearning.com and www.edusoft.co.il and www.englishdiscoveries.com , and may not be under our control. These sites may have their own privacy policies in place, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked website. We may not be responsible for the content of these sites, any products or services that may be offered through these sites, or the privacy practices of these sites.
By use of this Site, you have agreed that you will use the hyperlinks to third party sites at your own risk.
Your Choices
We give you the option of requesting that we not share personal information about you with third parties that are unrelated by common ownership with Edusoft for marketing use.
We also give you the option of requesting that we not share your information with companies related to Edusoft by common ownership for marketing use. (Keep in mind, however, that some of our related companies may have independently obtained your information, in which case you may continue to receive communications from those companies, unless you opt out directly with them.)
Please be aware that we are able to effectuate an opt-out only for a specific e-mail address. So, if you have more than one e-mail address or if you have changed your email address, your opt-out request may not be effectuated properly.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
By using this website, you signify your agreement to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when those changes are posted to the Site. Your continued use of the services and the sites subsequent to any changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of the changes. Please review this statement periodically to ensure you are aware of any changes or updates to this Policy. We indicate the effective date of this Policy (and any updates) at the top of the Policy.
OUR SOLUTIONS
Higher Education
Government
Schools
Corporate
Call Us 1-201-877-1020
Contact Us
First Name:
Last Name:
Email:
Sales inquiryDistributor inquiryProduct infoOtherType of inquiry:
Name of company:Please leave this field empty.
Phone:
Country:
Message...
Thank you!Your email was sent.
Follow Us
Edusoft LinkedIn
Edusoft Facebook
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Careers
Blog
Back to top
Copyright © 1990-2020 Edusoft Ltd. All rights reserved.