https://edusoftlearning.com/terms-and-conditions/
X
First Name:
Last Name:
Email:
Sales inquiryDistributor inquiryProduct infoOtherType of inquiry:
Name of company:Please leave this field empty.
Phone:
Country:
Message...
Thank you!Your email was sent.
English
Español
Toggle navigation
en
es
Home
Learning Solutions
Higher Education
Government
Schools
Corporate
Success Stories
About Us
Latest News
Blog
Contact
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Website Terms and Conditions
Effective Date: September 1, 2011
www.edusoftlearning.com and www.edusoft.co.il and www.englishdiscoveries.com
This website is owned and operated by Edusoft Ltd.
Throughout the site, the terms “Edusoft”, “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Edusoft Ltd.
Your Use of This Site
As a condition to your continued use of this website, you agree that you will not use this website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms and Conditions. You agree that Edusoft may immediately terminate your access to this site if you violate these Terms and Conditions, or if we determine, in our sole discretion, that your use of this site is objectionable or is contrary to the intended purposes of this site. Without limiting the foregoing, it is our policy to terminate access to this site of any user whom we determine to be a repeat infringer, of these Terms and Conditions or any third-party rights.
Accuracy, Completeness and Timeliness of Information on the Site
The Edusoft website is published without any warranty of any kind, express or implied, as to the accuracy of the information or the products or services referred to on the website and we shall not be liable for any losses or damage that may result from use of the website as a consequence of any inaccuracies in, or any omissions from, the information which it may contain.
Trademarks and Copyrights
This site features trademarks, service marks and logos that are the property of Edusoft and its affiliates or licensors. The site also may include trademarks, service marks or logos of other third parties. All of these trademarks, service marks and logos are the property of their respective owners, and you agree not to use them in any manner without the prior written permission of the applicable owner. This site and all of its contents including but not limited to text, design, graphics, interfaces and code, and the selection and arrangement thereof, is protected as a compilation under copyright laws.
Third Party Content
Content and information provided by third parties other than Edusoft Ltd is identified clearly where it appears. We publish this content as supplied to us and are not responsible for its accuracy or timeliness.
Use of Material From This Site
This site (including but not limited to software, files, graphics and data found on the site) is the property of and owned by Edusoft and or its licensors and is protected by copyright, trademark and other laws. You may display and electronically copy, download and print hard copy versions of the material contained on the site for your personal and noncommercial use, provided you do not modify or delete any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notice that appears on the material you copy, download or print. When you display, copy, download or print any material on or from the site, it is provided to you by Edusoft or its licensors under a license that is revocable. Edusoft and its licensors retain full and complete title to the material on this site and to any and all of the associated intellectual property rights. Any other use of the material on the site, including but not limited to the modification, distribution, transmission, performance, broadcast, publication, licensing, reverse engineering, transfer or sale of, or the creation of derivative works from, any material, information, software, products or services obtained from the site is expressly prohibited.
Material You Submit
You acknowledge that you are responsible for any submission you make, including the legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality and copyright of any such material. You represent, warrant, and agree that you own all rights to the content you post or otherwise control sufficient rights to grant the rights you grant by these Terms and Conditions; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate these Terms and Conditions and will not cause injury to any person or entity; that you will not upload to, distribute or otherwise publish through this site any content that (i) is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, infringing on intellectual property rights, abusive, illegal or otherwise objectionable, (ii) may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law, or (iii) may contain software viruses, political campaigning, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of “spam.” If you submit any video content through this site, you further represent, warrant and agree that you have written consent or permission of each identifiable individual in such content to use their name and likeness and grant the rights you grant in these Terms and Conditions.  You may not use a false email address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of any content. You may not upload commercial content onto the site. If you do submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Edusoft and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute and display such content throughout the world in any media now known or hereafter invented. You grant Edusoft and its affiliates the right to use the name you submit in connection with such content, if they so choose. All personal information provided via this website will be handled in accordance with the site’s online Privacy Policy. Edusoft reserves the right (but is not obligated) to monitor your use of this site and any content you may submit. Without limiting the foregoing, Edusoft reserves the right to remove any content (including comments posted to blogs) which we determine, in our sole discretion, to be objectionable or otherwise in violation of these Terms and Conditions.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Edusoft and its affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors and suppliers, from and against any and all losses, liabilities, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs, arising or resulting from any violation of these Terms and Conditions. If you cause a technical disruption of the site or the systems transmitting the site to you or others, you agree to be responsible for any and all losses, liabilities, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs, arising or resulting from that disruption.
Links
This site may contain links to other websites.  These links are provided as a convenience to you and as an additional avenue of access to the information contained therein.  We have not necessarily reviewed the information on those other sites and are not responsible for the content of those or any other sites or any products or services that may be offered through other sites.  Inclusion of links to other sites should not be viewed as an endorsement of the content of linked sites.  Different terms and conditions may apply to your use of any linked sites.
Changes to These Terms and Conditions
Edusoft reserves the right, at its discretion, to make changes, alter, revise or withdraw any part of the Site or the Content at any time (with or without notice to you) by updating these Terms and Conditions. Without derogating from the above, Edusoft may notify you of any new changes by e-mail or by publishing details of those new changes by including them at the end of these Terms and Conditions (under paragraph of “Changes to these Terms”). If you use the Site after Edusoft has published or notified you of the changes, you will be held as accepting those changes. If you do not agree to be bound by those new changes, you should not use the Site any further after  they are published or notified.
Miscellaneous
If any provision of this agreement is unlawful, void or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of the agreement will remain in place. These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and Edusoft with respect to use of the website and the contents thereof, superseding all prior or contemporaneous communications. A printed version of these Terms and Conditions shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based on or relating to use of the website to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
Choice of Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Israeli law. You and Edusoft irrevocably agree that the courts of Israel shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle and to decide any dispute which may arise out of, under, or in connection with these Terms and Conditions or the legal relationship established by them or any issue which relates to the use of this Site. Without derogating from the above, Edusoft shall have the right to bring proceedings as to the substance of the matter in the courts of the country of your residence or, where these Terms and Conditions are entered into in the course of your trade or profession, the country of your principal place of business.
Thank you for visiting our site.
Edusoft Ltd.
Company number: 512837113.
These Terms were last updated on 1st September 2011 and replace all previous terms and conditions for the Site.
OUR SOLUTIONS
Higher Education
Government
Schools
Corporate
Call Us 1-201-877-1020
Contact Us
First Name:
Last Name:
Email:
Sales inquiryDistributor inquiryProduct infoOtherType of inquiry:
Name of company:Please leave this field empty.
Phone:
Country:
Message...
Thank you!Your email was sent.
Follow Us
Edusoft LinkedIn
Edusoft Facebook
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Careers
Blog
Back to top
Copyright © 1990-2020 Edusoft Ltd. All rights reserved.