https://edwardsfcu.org/privacy-security/
Checking& Savings
Checking
Debit Card
Overdraft Services
Savings
Term Share Certificates (CDs)
Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs)
Holiday Savings
Kid Accounts
Loans &Credit Cards
RVs, Boats & More
Auto Loans
Auto Loan Refinancing
Aircraft Loans
Home Loans
Lifestyle/Personal Loans & Line of Credit
Green Loans
Secured Loans
VISA® Platinum Card
Exclusive JetHawks Card
Skip-a-Payment
MemberServices
Online & Mobile Banking
Re-Enroll for Online & Mobile Banking
Download App
Telephone Banking
Convenience Services
Mechanical Protection
TruStage Insurance
Calculators
Rates& Fees
Checking/Savings Account and Dividend Rates
Mortgage/Real Estate Loan Rates
Auto/Secured Loan Rates and Terms
Aircraft Loan Rates
Personal/Lifestyle Loan Rates
Schedule of Fees and Charges
About Us
Branch Health Protocols
The Edwards Story
Leadership and Officers
inFormation Newsletter
Annual Report
True Stories
Careers
Contact Us
Careers
Branches & ATMs
Hours & Holidays
Lost/Stolen Cards
Pay Your Loan
Become a Member
Apply for a Loan
Log In
or ENROLL NOW!
Username:
Forgot Password?
Log In
Privacy & Security
Online Banking Security
Online Banking has several effective security techniques that we encourage you to implement:
Never reveal your password to anyone or leave a written or printed version of your password anywhere that someone else can obtain and use it.
Change your password on a regular basis, preferably every 30 days.
Use the Exit button to end each Online Banking session. Do not use the Back button to exit the site.
Balance your account on a regular basis.
For online purchases, take advantage of free security services for your credit cards such as Verified by Visa®, a secure way to password protect your Visa credit cards, making it safer to shop online.
Other resources:
Links
Privacy Rights Clearinghouse
National Fraud Information Center
https://oig.ssa.gov/Social Security Administration
U.S. Department of Justice
Federal Trade Commission
Credit Report
Keep the following important phone numbers handy to report fraud or to order a credit report. Federal law allows you to get a free copy of your credit report every 12 months from each credit reporting company. You can also visit AnnualCreditReport.com for more information.
Experian:
Order Credit Report – 888-397-3742
To Report Fraud – 888-397-3742
Web Site: www.experian.com
Equifax:
Order Credit Report – 866-349-5191
To Report Fraud – 866-349-5191
Web Site: www.equifax.com
Trans Union:
Order Credit Report – 800-888-4213
To Report Fraud – 800-680-7289
Web Site: www.tuc.com
Privacy Disclosure
Read our Privacy Disclosure.
You are about to leave edwardsfcu.org
By accessing the noted link you will be leaving Edwards Federal Credit Union's website and entering a website hosted by another party. Edwards has not approved this as a reliable partner site. Please be advised that you will no longer be subject to, or under the protection of, the privacy and security policies of Edwards website. We encourage you to read and evaluate the privacy and security policies of the site you are entering, which may be different than those of Edwards Federal Credit Union.
Go back