http://ee.cleversoul.com/privacy-policy.html
Best-Sellers:
The Art of Designing Embedded Systems
Electronic Gadgets for the Evil Genius
Programming Embedded Systems
Programming and Customizing the PIC Microcontroller
Beginner's Guide to Reading Schematics
USB Complete: The Developer's Guide
Embedded Linux Primer: A Practical Real-World Approach
The EE Compendium
The Home of Electronic Engineering and Embedded Systems Programming
Home
Microcontrollers
Atmel AVR
Intel 8051
8051 Books
8051 Compilers
Freescale 6805
Freescale 68HC11
HC11 Books
HC11 Compilers
Freescale 68HC12
HC12 Books
Microchip PIC
PIC Books
PIC Compilers
Rabbit
More Micros...
Microcontroller News
Projects
LCD Project
LEGO Mindstorms
MAX7219
MP3 Projects
PC Parallel Port
Project Kits
Robotics Kits
Xicor SPI Memory
Resources
Software
Software Development
Code Cache
Compilers
Magazines
Hardware
Books
CAD / CAE
Components
Distributors
Magazines
Simulation
Test Equipment
Development Tools
Hotsheets
Crystals & Oscillators
Mechanicals
Optoelectronics
Passives
Semiconductors
Career
Consultants
Forums
Free Stuff
Fun Stuff
Home Automation
Magazines
Portals
Project Management
Product Reviews
Robotics
Other Links
Books
Hardware
Microcontrollers
8051 Books
HC11 Books
HC12 Books
PIC Books
Embedded Systems
Project Books
Robotics
Software Development
Magazines
News
Business
Careers
Embedded Systems
Microcontrollers
EE Compendium Privacy Policy
The EE Compendium has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site.
This site does not use cookies, though we may use outside ad companies to display ads on our site, and these ads may contain cookies. Cookies received with ads are collected by our ad companies, and we do not have access to this information.
Most web browsers will accept cookies by default, but they can be set to reject cookies, either from all websites or from specific sites. You can also manually delete cookies from your web browser. These options are generally set through a "Privacy" setting in your browser setup.
This site does not request any personal information or collect any information that personally identifies you or allows you to be personally contacted. Since we do not collect any personal information on this site, we do not share any personal information with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for any purposes.
Each time you use our website, certain information is automatically collected by our web servers, including:
Your IP address
The date and time of your visit
The address of the documents you access
The type of browser and operating system you are using
The address of any referring site
This information helps us to diagnose problems with our server and to administer our web site. This information is also used to compile general demographic information. We will not attempt to identify individual users through their IP addresses.
This site contains links to other sites. The EE Compendium is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please let us know.
About Google and DoubleClick DART
We use third-party advertising companies (including Google and DoubleClick DART) to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
The Latest News
Electronic Engineering News, September 2013 – 09-16-2013
MAX3172X Low-Power Temperature Sensors – 05-21-2013
Electronic Engineering News, March 2013 – 03-30-2013
Electronic Engineering News, February 2013 – 02-27-2013
Learn Arduino – 08-27-2012
New Microchip PIC16F178X Offer Cost-Effective Analog and Digital Functions – 06-26-2012
Draw Schematics Online With DrawSCH – 06-29-2011
Embedded Software Consulting - Key to Your Success! – 01-18-2011
Free Electronic CAD Tools – 11-08-2010
I2C Analyzer - Monitor and Control I2C Bus – 10-25-2010
Tweets by @eecompendium
The EE Compendium
The EE Compendium is a resource for the working electronics engineer, with book and tool recommendations, microcontroller information, electronic project notes, source code, and industry links.
Site Information
About This Site
Advertise
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
What's New?
Sponsors
Copyright © 1995-2017 by The EE Compendium · All Rights Reserved