https://elcpa.com/privacy/
(704) 544-7600
Privacy Policy
Ed Lloyd & Associates, PLLC (“ELA”, “us”, “we”, “our”) believes in protecting your privacy. We created this Website Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) to ensure the confidence of our visitors and clients and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices. In protecting your privacy, we will not collect any personally identifiable information (such as your name, postal address, telephone number, or e-mail address) from you via this website that you do not volunteer.
We do not sell, share, or rent personally identifiable information to third parties without your consent, except in certain specific cases described below. If you choose to register or submit personally identifiable information to us, you agree to the use of such information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Please be aware that this site contains links to other sites, which are not governed by this ELA privacy policy
TYPES OF INFORMATION THAT ELA COLLECTSAs a general visitor to the ELA website, we do not collect any personally identifiable information about you. We automatically record information sent by your browser in our server logs, including your IP address, the pages you visit on our website, and other non-personally identifiable information, which we use to analyze our web traffic and administer our servers. Site statistics may be compiled by or reported to our third-party service providers.
COOKIES, TRACKING PIXELS, AND OTHER SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIESOn parts of the site, we may use cookies. “Cookies” are small text files stored in your browser that assist us in providing a more customized web experience. Cookies also allow us to understand site usage and improve the content and offerings on the site. We also may use cookies to offer you products or services. These cookies are not used to collect any personally identifiable information. If you are concerned about cookies, most browsers permit users to decline cookies. If you reject cookies, you may still use the site; however, you may not be able to access all areas or features.
We or third-party advertising providers may use clear pixels to track usage of our site or if a visitor accessed our site from a third-party website or advertisement service. “Clear pixels” are invisible files on web pages that you visit. When you visit a page on the site that contains a clear pixel, the clear pixel communicates with your computer to determine, among other things, whether you have been to that page before or viewed a particular advertisement. This information is only a transaction count and does not contain any information that could identify an individual user.
CHAT SERVICEIf you provide contact information to use via our third party chat service, they will collect the information in the chat and forward this information to us.
EMPLOYMENT APPLICATIONSIf you submit a job application to ELA, we may use the personally identifiable information that you supply, such as your e-mail address and phone number, to contact you about possible job openings. We may also contact previous employers and references.
EVENT REGISTRATIONSIf you register for an event with ELA, we will use the registration information that you submit to process your request and send you additional information about the event. For online seminars, we may require your email address to provide you with Save-the-Date or log-in information. In addition, we may contact you about future events that may be of interest to you.
NEWSLETTER SUBSCRIPTIONSIf you subscribe to our ELA email newsletter, we will use the registration information that you submit to send the newsletter or news alerts that you have requested. We may also email you with messages and/or other newsletters containing information which we believe may be of interest to you. If we contract with a third party to deliver the emails, e-notifications we will share registration information with that party only for the purposes of delivering the email. Instructions for unsubscribing will be included on the newsletter’s webpage.
PROMOTIONAL OFFERINGSIf you provide your personally identifiable information to enter a contest or otherwise participate in a promotional offering on our Web site, we will use this information to select and to notify the winner. In addition, we may contact you about products or services that may be of interest to you.
PASSWORD-PROTECTED AREAS OF THE SITEIf you register with us to obtain access to password-protected areas of the site (ShareFile or other), you authorize ELA to use information you provide to personalize the information we deliver to you and to use your demographic information when analyzing or aggregating our web traffic patterns.
OTHER CONTACTIf you send an email to us, we will use your email address or other contact information in order to respond to your inquiry. If you request information about our services, we may follow up with you in the future with additional information that we think may be of interest to you.
PARTIES TO WHOM WE DISCLOSE INFORMATIONELA as a rule, does not disclose your personally identifiable information to anyone except as necessary to respond to an inquiry or provide requested services. However, to the extent permitted by law, certain information about you may be disclosed in the following situations:1.  To comply with a validly issued and enforceable subpoena or summons.2.  To investigate network abuse.3.  As a part of any actual or threatened legal proceedings or alternative dispute resolution proceedings either initiated by or against us.4.  To provide information to affiliates of the firm and non-affiliated third parties who perform services or functions for us in conjunction with any requests or inquiries made by you.
CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACYNo part of this website is directed at children under the age of 13. ELA does not operate mobile apps or collect gaming data. Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), ELA will never knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information from anyone under 13 years of age.
EU-US GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR) PRIVACY POLICYELA (and its third-party providers) comply with the EU-U.S. General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States.
Under the GDPR, user rights are outlined explicitly. Our visitors and clients have the right to:1. Access, view, and edit their own information in a timely manner.2. Be erased from ELA records upon request, “right to be forgotten”, unless we have a legal reason to hold their information.3. Object to direct marketing messages and ads.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICYFrom time to time we may revise our Web Privacy Policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted on the website. Also any questions may be addressed by through our contact page www.elcpa.com/contact.
Ed Lloyd & Associates, PLLC’s office is located at: 103 A Waxhaw Professional Park Drive, Waxhaw, NC 28173 (704-544-7600).
Call (704) 544-7600
Ed Lloyd & Associates, PLLC
Client CenterAboutEventsServicesIndustries
× Close Panel
Facebook
Twitter
Privacy
Blog
Careers
Contact Us