https://eldowalls.com/privacy-policy
(303) 447-0512
sales@eldowalls.com
Facebook
Instagram
Facebook
Instagram
Shop
My Account
Log In
0 Items
Privacy Policy
Eldorado Climbing Walls (“Eldo”) takes your privacy very seriously. We share a commitment to protect your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal information.
This Policy is provided to help you better understand how we at Eldo obtain, use, share, and protect your personal information. As a provider of services to you as a client, we often collect personal and sometimes sensitive information. Protecting the confidentiality of that information has been, and will continue to be, a top priority at Eldo. We believe that you should know about the information we collect, the measures we take to safeguard it, and the situations in which we might share information.
Your Personal Information
The information we collect and the extent to which we use it will vary depending on the service involved. We collect only the information necessary to consistently deliver responsive services to you as the client. Information we collect may include, but is not necessarily limited to, the following: your name, address, phone number, website, pertinent business information, and other information provided on purchases and/or in our online store.
Collecting your Personal Information
The information above may be obtained from you using various methods which may include information in writing or e-mail, during telephone or internet transactions, or from data gathering software when you are completing information on the Eldo website. Non-public, personal information may also be collected through your transactions with our contracted representatives, affiliates, and others.
Protecting Your Personal Information
We have implemented and maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your non-public personal financial information. We use and share your non-public personal financial information to the extent minimally necessary and only with those employees who use your information as a means to service your account. They are required to respect the confidentiality of all client information. We also require each third party with whom we contract to assist in servicing your account to agree to abide by safeguards and privacy standards that are the same or substantially similar to those followed by Eldo.
The privacy and security of your non-public personal information will be maintained beyond the termination of your relationship with Eldo.
Sharing Personal Information
First and foremost, we do not sell lists of our clients, nor do we disclose client information to marketing companies.
Where reasonably necessary, we may share any of your non-public personal information we obtain with affiliated and unaffiliated third parties as otherwise permitted or required by law. For example, we may share your information to protect against or prevent fraud, or in response to a subpoena, court order, judicial process, or regulatory authorities.
We may also share information about you with our distributor partners, affiliates, and representatives to help us service your accounts. The information provided to these partners, affiliates, and representatives may include the categories of information described above under “Your Personal Information,” and is limited to the information that we deem appropriate for these third parties to carry out their functions.
We will not intentionally collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 through this website without receiving verifiable parental consent. If you think that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13 through this website, please contact us.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy. If we do so, such change will appear on this page of our website. We may also provide appropriate notice and choices to you if required, on this website and in other appropriate locations, based on the scope and extent of changes. You may always visit this policy to learn of any updates.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at +1 (303)447-0512.
Effective Date
The Effective Date of this Privacy Policy is December 30, 2015.
Eldorado Climbing Walls1835 38th Street, Suite A, Boulder CO 80301303-447-0512
Subscribe & SaveReceive a coupon for an additional 5% OFF sale prices
SUBSCRIBE!
You have Successfully Subscribed!