https://ellsworthbikes.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
GLOBAL PRIVACY POLICY
We would like you to feel secure in the knowledge that your personal data is safely protected when you visit our websites. We take the protection of your personal data very seriously.
We would like you to know which data we collect, when we collect it and how we use it. We have put in place technical and organizational structures to ensure that data protection provisions are observed both by ourselves and also by external service providers.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal data is information about your identity. This includes details such as your name, address, telephone number and email address. You are not required to disclose personal data in order to use our websites. However, in certain cases, we need your name, address and other details so that we can provide you with the desired services.
The same also applies, for example, if we are sending you information, dispatching goods that you have ordered or answering individual questions. In such cases, we will specifically draw your attention to the use of the data. In addition, we will only store and process data that has been supplied to us voluntarily or automatically.
Where you make use of our services, we will normally collect only the data we need to provide the service concerned. If we request further data from you, the information needs to be supplied only voluntarily. We will process personal data solely in order to provide the requested service and to safeguard our own legitimate business interests.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We will generally use the personal data you have made available to us to answer your enquiries, process your orders or ensure you have access to specific information or offers. We, or one of our appointed service providers, would like to use your personal data to enable us to support our relationship with customers by providing you with information on product offers that could be of use to you, or by carrying out online surveys. This enables us to provide a service that is better tailored to the needs of our customers.
It goes without saying that we will respect your decision if you do not wish to provide us with your personal data for customer relationship purposes (in particular for direct marketing or market research purposes).
If you have opted-in to receive emails from sciconbags.com, we may send you emails periodically. If you would no longer like to receive emails from sciconbags.com, please follow the instructions in any email you receive from us to opt-out. If you have not opted-in to receive emails from sciconbags.com, you will not receive these emails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and content for ‘members-only’ will be given a choice whether they would like to be in our email list and receive email communications from sciconbags.com and if these visitors would no longer be interested in receiving this information, they can follow the instructions in any email to opt out or modify the information provided.
When our website is used, the following data is saved for organizational and technical reasons: the names of the pages visited, the browser and operating system used, the date and time of access, search engines used, names of downloaded files and their IP addresses. This technical data is evaluated anonymously and exclusively for statistical purposes so that we can continue to optimize our websites and increase the attractiveness of the presentation on an ongoing basis. This anonymous data is stored separately from personal data on secure systems and cannot be traced to any individual person. Your personal data and privacy are therefore protected at all times.
DO WE DISCLOSE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?
We will collect, process and use the personal data you have provided online only for the purposes we have specified to you. We will not forward your personal data to any third party without your express consent.
We do not trade, sell, or otherwise transfer to outside parties, not including the ASG Group wholly owned companies, your personally identifiable information, unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. All wholly-owned companies of the ASG Group value the safety and privacy of your personal information highly and have procedures and policies in place to safeguard your privacy. Your data may be transferred to web site hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, that we don’t consider to be third parties conducting business of the ASG Group, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when release is necessary to comply with the law. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information in aggregate form may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
DO WE USE COOKIES?
If you visit one of our websites it is possible that we will store some information on your computer in the form of a cookie. Cookies are small text files sent by a web server to your browser and saved on the hard disk of your computer. No personal user data at all is saved in this process; it only involves Internet protocol addresses. The purpose of this information is to allow our server to recognize your computer automatically when you next visit our websites; this will make navigation easier for you. Cookies allow us, for example, to customize a website to your interests or save your password so that you do not have to input it every time. You can of course also view our websites without cookies. If you don’t want to have your computer recognized by our system, you can prevent cookies being saved on your hard disk by changing the relevant setting in your browser to “Do not accept cookies”. Please consult your browser instructions for details on how to do this in the browser you are using. If you do not accept cookies, this may restrict some of the functions available on our websites however.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Persons under the age of 18 should not supply us with personal data without the consent of a parent or guardian. We do not request personal data from persons under the age of 18, neither do we collect such data, nor forward it to third parties.
HOW DO WE PROTECT VISITOR INFORMATION?
Technical and organizational security measures have been put in place to protect your personal data against loss, destruction, manipulation and unauthorized access. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above. Our security measures are revised on an ongoing basis to encompass new technological developments.
CHANGES TO OUR POLICY
We reserve the right to amend our security and data protection measures if this is necessitated by technological developments. In this case, we will also adjust our data protection information accordingly. Please therefore ensure that you are referring to the most up-to-date version of our data protection declaration.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
This data protection declaration does not extend to the use of any external links that may be included on our websites. If we include links, we endeavor to ensure that they also comply with our data protection and security standards. However, we have no control over the compliance of other website providers with data protection and security provisions. We would therefore ask you to refer to the websites of the providers concerned for information on their own data protection declarations.
RIGHT TO INFORMATION
You can obtain information at any time on the personal data about you that is held by us. If required, please write to us at privacy@asgnt.com
QUESTIONS AND FEEDBACK
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please give us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue by mail to privacy@asgint.com
×