https://emeraldwest.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Who we are
We are EmWest Powertrain Systems and EmWest Motorsports, located at:
90348 State Hwy 99 NEugene, OR 97402(541) 689-4321
and online here https://emeraldwest.com
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We collect information about you when you visit our site. We’ll track:
Parts you have searched for: We use this information to understand how our customers use the parts lookup functionality on our site, so we can make it better, and so we can make informed decisions regarding how much of various products we should keep in stock.Location, IP address and browser type: We’ll use this to understand where site viewers are coming from and the types of devices they use, to ensure we are making the best use of the technology our customers are using.
If you request a parts lookup login from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, and other account information. We’ll use this information to:
Send you information about your account and orderRespond to your requests, including returns, questions or complaintsProcess your orders or inquiriesSet up your account for our accounting and order fulfillment processesImprove our websiteSend you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them
If you create an account, we will store your information, which will be used to populate information for future inquiries or orders.
If you use the contact form(s) on our site, we collect and store the information from the fields that you provide to us.
Who on our team has access
Members of our team have access to the information you provide us. For example, our office and sales staff can access:
Parts you searched forParts requests or order informationCustomer information
Our team members have access to this information to help fulfill orders and understand what our customers are looking for.
What we share with others
We share information with third parties who help us provide our orders and store services to you; for example:
EMAIL MARKETING: If you choose to join our mailing list, we pass your name and email address along to a third party, MailChimp, which we use to manage our newsletters and other mailings. See MailChimp’s privacy policy at mailchimp.com/legal/privacy.TRANSACTIONAL EMAIL: Transactional email for orders, password recovery etc., is handled by a service called Mailgun. You may visit Mailgun’s privacy policy at www.mailgun.com/privacy-policy.ANALYTICS: We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site – you can read more about how Google uses your personal information at google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics by going to tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Cookies
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
We use “cookies” to keep track of cart contents while you’re browsing our site. These cookies will last for 30 days.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
We generally keep records of all orders and inquiries through the site indefinitely for our internal record-keeping. This includes your name, email address and billing and shipping addresses and information about parts you ordered.
For users that have an account, we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. Website administrators can see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Contacting us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us: (541) 689-4321.