https://emmaclarke.com/legal-notices/
Terms of Use
You may not reproduce or distribute any information or image from this Web site, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Emma Clarke Ltd, requests for which should be sent via e-mail to emma@emmaclarke.com and should include your name, address and a description of the information which you would like to distribute and the intended recipients of that information.
Any demonstration audio clips downloaded from this Web site or ordered from Emma Clarke Limited should be used solely for evaluation purposes and should not be used for any other purpose without the prior written consent of Emma Clarke Ltd.
The information, data, images and audio clips included in this Web site have been compiled by Emma Clarke Ltd and are subject to change without notice.
Emma Clarke Ltd makes no warranties or representations whatsoever, about the quality, content, completeness or adequacy of such information, data or images. Emma Clarke Ltd shall not be liable for any direct, special, incidental or consequential damages, including, without limitation, lost revenues, lost profits or loss of prospective economic advantage, resulting from the use or misuse of any file in this Web site or the information, data, sounds or images herein.
This Web site contains links to other (external) Web sites. It should be understood that these sites are not under the control of Emma Clarke Ltd. Therefore, Emma Clarke Ltd makes no representations whatsoever, about any other Web site to which you may have access through this Web site. When you access an external Web site, you do so at your own risk, and Emma Clarke Ltd is not responsible for the content of those Web sites. These links are provided as a convenience, and the inclusion of such links does not imply that Emma Clarke Ltd endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or uses of such Web sites.
It is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that any Web page you select for viewing is free from viruses and other items of a destructive nature. It is your responsibility to ensure that any page or Web site which you select for viewing is free from content which you may deem inappropriate.
Product and company names mentioned on this Web site may be trademarks and/or service marks of their respective owners. All trademarks and/or service marks are acknowledged.
The use of ‘Emma Clarke’ in the domain name ‘emmaclarke.com’ does not constitute an endorsement of the use of Emma Clarke, or Emma Clarke Ltd as part of the domain name of any other person, company or organisation.
Any personal information which you provide to Emma Clarke Ltd will be held by Emma Clarke Limited in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and will be used solely for the purpose of supplying any demonstrations ordered to you or replying to requests to reproduce information or images from this Web site.
Cookies
Why this website uses cookies – and what this means for you
Like most websites today, our website uses what are known as ‘cookies’. Our cookies are not sinister – they are simply small files, placed on your computer by your browser, to help us provide a better service. We do this to help us understand things such as how many people visit the various parts of our website.
Our cookies do not identify you personally. If we need to do this (such as when asking you to sign up for a newsletter) we are always upfront about it. We make it clear not only when we collect personal information but also what we intend to do with it.
Why do I have to agree to the use of cookies?
You don’t – you can agree or you can opt out. All websites within the UK now have to comply with a new ‘cookie law’ (an update to the UK’s Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations) – this means we now have to tell you that our website uses cookies and provide a mechanism for you to opt out of their use. You’ll see this notice at the foot of every page, until you agree – at which point the notice disappears.
You can control cookies using your browser
Typically, your Web browser software will allow you to control cookies through its settings. For details on how to do this, please refer to the browser’s help files or the manufacturer’s support pages.
Google Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics for tracking and reporting of site performance. This does not personally identify you – it just helps us understand which parts of our website people like the most. You can opt out here.
Privacy and Processing of Personal Data
To ensure we comply with GDPR, effective from May 25th 2018, we wish to clarify how we process your data as a supplier of goods or services to you or as a recipient of goods or services from you.
As an integral part of our legitimate business interaction with you, we will retain the following information:
Name
Trading Name
Telephone Number
Address
Email Address
Payment Details
We will use this data to administrate the supply of goods or services either to you or from you.
We will store these details digitally and, in order to protect your information, we will use suitable and adequate Antivirus, Antispyware, Anti-Phishing, Malware and Firewall protection. We will only use this data in communication with you.
Retention of Data
We will keep your information until we no longer have any need to communicate with you and in line with our Data Retention Policy, which can be obtained on request.
Where we have supplied goods or services or made a request for the supply of goods or services, we are processing this data because a contract exists between us. We also have legal obligations to maintain financial information.
As a customer of yours, we may send you information regarding company updates. We do this on the basis of legitimate interest.
Data may be passed to a third party where required to fulfil our legal or contractual obligations or as requested by you. These obligations may include contact with a third party as instructed by you to fulfil our contractual obligations and includes legal obligations related to H.M.R.C.
Your Obligation to Data We May Pass You
As a supplier of Emma Clarke Ltd we may pass specific Personal Identifiable Information (PII) to you to deliver services on our behalf. In order to trade with us we assume you will follow basic guidelines as outlined below:
All physical documentation containing PII will be stored securely and destroyed after use.
Any digitally transmitted information containing PII (e.g. email) will be permanently deleted as soon as is reasonably practical.
You may only store the PII for as long as the provided service is being administered and no longer than stated in your data retention policy.
All PII will be treated as strictly confidential and is not distributed to any party not directly involved in delivering the service.
All Data that we share with you remains the property of Stephen Lyons Media Services.
Your Rights
Under the General Data Protection Regulation, you have certain rights regarding your data.
You have the right to ask us for a copy of any data we hold about you.
You have a right to have any data that is incorrect, corrected.
You have the right to object to the use of your data.
You have the right to have your data provided to you to take elsewhere in a suitable format.
You have the right to have your data deleted in certain circumstances.
You have the right to lodge a complaint about the use of your data with the Information Commissioner.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
Details for the information commissioner and making a complaint can be found on the Information Commissioner’s website at www.ico.org.uk.
Getting in Contact with Us
The person responsible for all matters concerning the privacy and processing of any personal data, also known as the data controller, can be contacted as follows:
Emma Clarke
Emma Clarke Ltd
P O Box 859
Stockport
SK2 9BJ
We can be contacted by emailing emma@emmaclarke.com for audio, writing and production services or you can write to the above address.