http://empirebb.com/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerPrivacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Empire Business Brokers (“EMPIRE”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the https://www.empirebb.com (each, a “Site”). This Privacy Policy applies to the Sites and all products and services offered by Empire Business Brokers.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register for membership, subscribe to news and updates, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personal identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Sites. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Sites, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Sites may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Empire Business Brokers may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Sites.
To improve our Sites
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include news, updates, vendor information and promotions, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
As required by law or valid legal process, or to protect the personal safety of our members or the public.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Sites.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Sites or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have not opted-out.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Sites that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Sites. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Sites, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
Empire Business Brokers Brokers has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using the Sites, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Sites. Your continued use of the Sites following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of the Sites, or your dealings with the Sites, please contact us at:
Web: https://www.empirebb.com
Address
1037H Village Round
Allentown, PA. 18106
Phone: (716) 240-2544
Email:Nickgug1@gmail.com
Footer CONTACT US
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. [Continue Reading…]
Business Listing Entry Form (Brokers only)
Business Listing Entry Form