https://energy-seal.com/terms-and-conditions/
800-587-3758
Exceptional ProductsWith both acrylic and silicone options, our long-lasting, weatherproof formulas are some of the highest quality roof coating products on the market.
Experienced InstallersOur experts will guide you through product selection to a completed application. And when we handle the installation process, our work is warranted.
Millions of Square Feet of Cool Roof TechnologyPut our years of experience to work in strengthening, protecting and extending the life of your roof.
Exceptional products. Experienced installers. Millions of square feet of cool roof technology.
At Energy Seal, we guide you through the entire cool roofing process. From product selection to installation and maintenance, we go beneath the surface to extend the life of your roof.
We know roofs—and we know how to make them weather-resistant, strong and long-lasting.
Our environmentally safe roof coating products protect your roof by providing maximum solar reflectance, waterproofing and lifespan extension. And at Energy Seal, we offer a comprehensive approach through fully licensed, warranty-backed, expert installation.
Our coatings extend the life of roofs by reducing heat transfer, decreasing thermal shock and helping to mitigate leaks. And our reflective options can even reduce energy costs.
Are you interested in extending the life of your investment for 10, 15, or 20 years? Protect your business with our high-quality products and easy installation.
Our acrylic and silicone roof coating systems provide benefits for all types of roofs and roofing substrates.
Our advanced coating systems can be applied to cap sheet, concrete, EPDM, Hypalon, metal, modified bitumen, polyurethane foam, PVC, single-ply, smooth built-up, TPO and transite. Learn more about which products are right for your project.
Acrylic Products
Silicone Products
We offer comprehensive solutions through providing product and installation.
Our certified experts will manage the entire process for you.
Learn more here
Watch our videos to see roof coating applications in action
Testimonials
As an architectural project manager, I am always looking for durable, flexible and energy efficient products. I want to take a moment to express my compete satisfaction with the Energy Seal Coating products we have applied to our roof. Dave E., Peter Givas Architect
I would highly recommend your products as well as the Energy Seal contractor that did our installation. I feel my decision to choose Energy Seal Coating was a choice well made! Bobby S., Schmidt Electric
We are highly satisfied overall with the both the Energy Seal products and installation. We have noticed some changes in the temperature inside our building since the installation. Pastor Don O., Lighthouse Baptist Church
What great products Energy Seal Coatings are! Having an Energy Seal contractor complete the installation on our roof was a great experience. We are extremely happy with the outcome of our roof and have noticed a significant difference in the temperature inside our building since installation. Jerry W., Sunbelt Steel Texas, Inc.
Since the installation of Energy Seal Coating products, we have noticed a 20% drop in the internal temperature of our building. From start to finish we were completely satisfied with the products and installation by the Energy Seal Certificated contractor of the products on our roof. Dale H., USA Fastner Group Inc.
Get in Touch
800.587.3758
Location
Headquartered in Atlanta, Ga
Email
sales@energy-seal.com
Send a Message
Name
Company
Phone number
Email Address
Message