https://enfs.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policydrew.wells2020-01-02T12:45:02-08:00
Privacy Policy
Envision Financial Systems, Inc. Privacy Policy
Envision is a developer of software products and related operational services.  While GDPR went into effect on May 25, 2018, it had very little impact on our company.   The GDPR protects the personal data of citizens in the EU countries and gives them control of their privacy.  Envision is committed to protecting your privacy and how we secure and manage your personal data remains a priority. This privacy policy tells you about our online collection and use of data and was last updated on August 21, 2018. This privacy policy applies only to www.enfs.com and http://fundkeeper.enfs.com and does not apply to information that our customers store collect using our services, including personal information of their customers.
By using this site, you understand and agree to the terms of this policy. This site is owned by Envision Financial Systems and may be accessed in the United States and abroad. For data protection purposes, Envision is the controller and, unless otherwise noted, is also the processor of data. Information collected may be retained, and may be stored, processed, accessed, and used in jurisdictions whose privacy laws may be different and less protective than those of your home jurisdiction.
Collection of Your Personal Information
You can navigate the majority of the website without providing personal information. However, like many websites, when you visit this site, certain kinds of information, such as the web site that referred you to us, your IP address, browser type and language, and access times, may be collected automatically as part of the site’s operation. We also may collect navigational information, including information about the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions taken in connection with the site. When you first visit the website, you will be asked to acknowledge that the website uses Cookies.
We may combine your visit and navigational information with personal information that you provide. You may always choose not to provide personal information, but if you so choose, certain information may not be available to you. Personal information (e.g., your name, your mailing address, e-mail address, and phone number) may be collected when you register.
Use of Your Personal Information
Envision collects and uses your personal information to communicate with you. We may send you surveys or marketing communications to inform you of new products or services or other information that may be of interest. If you do not wish to receive marketing communications, you may follow the “unsubscribe” instructions included within each e-mail communication.
Personal information collected by Envision may be stored and used in the United States or any other country in which Envision or its affiliates, subsidiaries, contractors or agents maintain facilities, and by using our sites or services, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.
Sharing of Your Personal Information
Except as disclosed in this privacy policy, Envision does not share your personal information with any outside parties.
We do not sell or share any personal data with outside sources.  We may share your personal information within our corporate group, including with our subsidiaries and divisions, all of whom may use your information for the purposes disclosed herein.
We may share your personal information with service providers who perform services on our behalf. For example, we may hire other companies to host websites, to assist in direct marketing, to conduct audits, support our products, etc. Those companies will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to provide the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose.
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to claims, or protect the rights, property or safety of our company, employees, customers, or the public.
Personal Information Preferences
Envision respects your right to make choices about the use and disclosure of your personal information. If at any time you decide that you do not want to receive marketing communications from us, please let us know by sending an e-mail to sales@dev4.lowecom.com.
Security of Your Personal Information
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to help protect your personal information.
Links
We may link to websites, including those of our third-party license and service providers, that have different privacy policies and practices from those disclosed here. We assume no responsibility for the policies or practices of such linked sites, and encourage you to become acquainted with them prior to use.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, you should contact Envision Financial Systems at sales@dev4.lowecom.com
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change the terms of this privacy policy at any time. When we make changes, we will revise the “last updated” date at the top of the policy. If there are material changes to this statement or in how Envision will use your personal information, we will notify you by prominently posting a notice of such changes here or on our home page, or by sending you an e-mail We encourage you to review this policy whenever you visit one of our sites.
Contact Information
You can contact Envision Sales by emailing sales@dev4.lowecom.com, or by phone at (714) 247-0030, or by postal mail at:
Envision Financial Systems, Inc.
650 Town Center Drive
Suite 1800
Costa Mesa, CA 92626