https://engagious.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Clients
Financial Services
Healthcare
Direct-to-Consumer
Direct Response
Customer Stories
About
Team
David Paull | Speaking
Rich Thau | Speaking
News
Services
Research-Driven Solutions
Consulting Services
Keynotes & Talks
Methods
Social Sciences
Research Techniques
Our Technology
Storytelling Techniques
Contact
Blog
Podcasts
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us and the following terms explain our privacy policy, including online information gathering, use, and storage practices.
Acknowledgement and acceptance of this privacy policy
This privacy policy is applicable to your access to and use of this website, therefore, please read the following carefully before using this website. By accessing and using this website, you acknowledge and agree to this privacy policy. If you do not agree to the following terms, do not access or use this website. We reserve the right, from time to time, and in our sole discretion to update or modify our privacy policy. Changes take effect when posted by us on this website. Your continued access and use of this website constitutes your acknowledgement and acceptance of any new or modified provision in our privacy policy.
Information we collect on this website and how it’s used
In order to know from where users are referred to this website, we use common software to track the URL, domain name and/or IP address of referring websites. This information is used to better understand how users arrive at this website and is in no way used to identify individual users.
On some pages, you may request information by completing online forms. Information submitted through those forms will be used to reply to your request and will not be shared with third parties.
Many websites use Cookies to store information about a user so that the user can save time filling out the same information during their next visit to the site. Engagious does not use Cookies. The only information we collect from users to this website is the information voluntarily provided in the online forms.
Use of information
We treat all information we receive from users as confidential. We do not sell or disclose user information to third parties and keep user information secure at all times. We may use your information to communicate with you for various purposes such as sending you notice of product upgrades, special offers, new services and/or products, promotional materials or other information. You may opt out of receiving such notices at any time.
Our commitment to data security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
For example, we store the information we collect on computer systems with limited access, which are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. If a password is used to help protect your accounts and information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential.
Legal obligations
Under certain circumstances, we may need to provide or disclose your information when permitted or required by law (for example, in connection with law enforcement investigations), or where we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) protect our (and our other users’) rights or property; or (b) protect the personal safety of our employees, agents, users or the public.
Change in ownership or organization
If there is a change in ownership or change in our corporate organization, such as a merger or sale of assets, we may disclose your information as part of such change in ownership or corporate organization.
EU GDPR Compliance:
EU Consent: to withdraw your consent at any time, you may link to the opt out at the bottom of every email you receive, or please contact us directly at systems@engagious.com  and we will be happy to facilitate.
EU Right to Access: to exercise this right, please contact us directly at systems@engagious.com  and will be happy to facilitate.
EU Right to be Forgotten: to exercise this right, please contact us directly at systems@engagious.com  and we will be happy to facilitate.
EU Data Portability: to exercise this right, please contact us directly at systems@engagious.com  and we will be happy to assist.
EU Designations: VP of marketing is assigned the role of DPO (Data Processing Officer) and CDSO (Chief Data Security Officer). Please contact at systems@engagious.com
How to contact us
Should you have questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please call us at 503.225.8418 | send us an email at systems@engagious.com .
Tell us your story.  Reach Out.
Full Name
E-mail Address
Your Message
Send Your Message
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By using our site, you agree to our use of cookies.Ok