https://engravedtolast.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
sales@engravedtolast.com518-580-1122
Home About Us ShopBaseball BatsShop by Award Type Shop by Bat TypesBlue Ribbon Maple – Baseball Traditional White Ash – Baseball Branded White Ash with Bat Logo – Baseball Economical Team Award – White Ash – Baseball
Softball BatsSoftball Bat – Traditional White Ash Softball Bat – Economical White Ash Team Award
Shop for AccessoriesFlannel Gift BagsBlack Flannel Presentation Gift Bag Navy Blue Flannel Presentation Gift Bags
Bat Holders2-Piece Horizontal Bat Wall Rack Vertical Bat Holder
Rowing Paddles Coming Soon!Coming Soon!
Recognition ProgramsCorporate and B to B Awards Athletic Team Awards Events and Special Occasions Government, Military, Code Enforcement, Associations
FAQ’s Gallery Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy:
We recognize that many online customers are concerned about the information they provide, and how that information is used. At www.EngravedToLast.com we take our customers’ privacy and security seriously.We have not, do not and will never sell, give, trade or divulge the information (including your e-mail and shipping address) you provide us to personalize and/or purchase an EngravedToLast.com baseball bat. The information you supply is only used for the purpose of creating personalized engravings on either the Totally Custom or Personalized Baseball Bats and to complete that order (ship the product and receive payment).
We store your purchasing history, which we may use to enhance our product offerings and your buying experience.
We use return e-mail addresses to clarify orders or answer e-mail questions we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
We use the shipping and address information you provide about yourself when placing an order, only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary with our shipper (United States Postal Service, or other shippers such as UPS or Fed-Ex when a customer requests this service) to complete that order.
Our “Refer-a-friend” Automated Traffic-Generating Referral Service that helps our visitors refer us rented from Tell-a-Friend-King.com. In their privacy policy they state “Some information is necessary for us to provide our software and internet services, such as your name, company name if applicable, and the address of the website(s) where you intend to use Tell-A-Friend-King. This information also includes your email address. We have the utmost respect for the privacy of our clients and website visitors. We follow a strict anti-spam policy and will not sell or rent your email address or other information under any cicumstances.”
www.EngravedToLast.com is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others.
If you have questions, please contact us at sales@engravedtolast.com.
Family owned and operated, we’re dedicated to providing you with laser engraved baseball bats customized to help meet 100% of your personalized gift giving needs at affordable prices. You might say we’re here to engrave your imagination with personalized products that are Engraved To Last!
All the Best from your friends at EngravedToLast.com!
Engraved To Last Address: P.O. Box 693
Saratoga Springs, NY
12866
Email: sales@engravedtolast.com
Phone: 518-580-1122
Cart
Go to Top