https://enhancentertainment.com.au/legal/
The Fine PrintCopyrightThis website and the material it contains are subject to Australian copyright and trademark laws. All rights reserved. Unless otherwise indicated, Enhance Entertainment Pty Ltd (ACN 104 942 789) owns the copyright in the content on this website. Some of the copyright in the content may be owned by one or more third parties.You may not copy, republish, redistribute or exploit in any manner any content without the express written consent of Enhance Entertainment Pty Ltd. You may download, display and print any of the material for your private use but it must not in other respects be used or reproduced without prior written approval from Enhance Entertainment Pty Ltd.The Enhance Entertainment name and logo and all related product and service names, design marks and slogans, including but not limited to enhancentertainment and enhancentertainment.com.au, are the trade names, service marks, or trade marks of Enhance Entertainment Pty Ltd, and may not be used without the express prior written consent of Enhance Entertainment Pty Ltd.Privacy PolicyAt Enhance Entertainment & Australian Speakers Bureau, we are fully committed to protecting your privacy. Your details will never be distributed to any third party, nor will you be sent unsolicited e-mail.Collection of DataAny personal information you disclose is for the sole purpose of providing optimal service to you as described on this website, and we endeavor to collect the aforementioned information only by lawful and fair means and not in an unreasonably intrusive way in accordance with Principle 1 of the National Privacy Principles, Australian Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act 2000.We may at times use Remarketing with Google Analytics to assist with our online advertising. This means third-party vendors, including Google, may show our ads on sites across the Internet. We and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party and third-party cookies together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on past visits to our website.use and disclosure of dataEnhance Entertainment & Australian Speakers Bureau will not disclose personal information about you collected by us for any secondary purpose other than a purpose as outlined in Principle 2 of the National Privacy Principles, Australian Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act 2000.QuestionsIf you have any questions or comments regarding the manner in which your information is collected and/or used, you should contact us by emailing: privacy@enhancentertainment.com.au.LinksSome information and links on this website are provided by third parties of which we have no control. Enhance Entertainment & Speakers Bureau make no representations about the accuracy and reliability of information contained on those websites and are not liable for their content.DisclaimerEnhance Entertainment & Australian Speakers Bureau is not responsible to you or anyone else for any errors, omissions, viruses, loss and/or damage suffered in connection with the use of this website.The content on this website is intended only to provide a summary and general overview on matters of interest. It is not intended to be comprehensive nor does it constitute real estate, legal, financial or other expert advice. You should seek legal or other professional advice before acting or relying on any of the content.Enhance Entertainment & Australian Speakers Bureau makes no representation and gives no warranty as to the accuracy of any information or material available from this website and, to the extent permitted by law, will not be liable in any way for any loss, damage, costs or expenses arising as a result of any person acting or refraining from acting in reliance on any information contained on this website.Services & FeesPayment to be made by cash, cheque, credit card (Visa, Mastercard, American Express)* or Direct Deposit made payable to Enhance Entertainment Pty Ltd. A deposit is payable with receipt of booking contract as outlined in our contract with you. The deposit is non-refundable however in special circumstances may be transferred. Full payment is required 14 days prior to the event (special requirements and/or early set-up may incur an additional fee), and cancellations must be made in writing and will be subjet to a cancellation fee. Enhance Entertainment Pty Ltd reserves the right to change our services and fees at any time. *Due to increased charges on credit card facilities, there is a 2.25% administration fee on Visa and Mastercard payments and 3.75% administration fee on American Express payments.My ShortlistMake an Enquiry NowPlanning an Event?Join 12,000+ event profs who get insights on trends and talent first, before they're released.
Your job roleEA/PAOffice/Admin/AccountsConference OrganiserEvent planning for my company onlyEvent planning for multiple companiesMarketing/PR/HR/CommunicationsCEO/Director/General ManagerVenue/Private/Other
100% privacy guaranteedLeave this field empty if you're human: Can’t find it?We have a huge amount of talent not on our website. Why? Some don’t like to advertise, others are scheduled to be up here shortly.So give us a call – chances are we already have the talent you need.Call 1300 884 485 or make an enquiry now Type and Press “enter” to Search
We’re COVID SafeAs part of our commitment to the events community, and to help you create a safe and trusted environment, we have developed a detailed COVID-19 Performer Safety Plan.
Close the Content Dock