https://enherentcorp.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
enherent respects your personal privacy and is committed to adhering to federal and state privacy laws and industry guidelines in order to protect you and your identity. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes how we handle the personal information that you provide to us on this site (the “enherent Web Site” or the “Web Site”). This Privacy Policy applies only to the enherent Web Site, not to any other company, affiliate or third party sites that may be accessible from here.
After reading this Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into and is part of the Web Site’s Terms of Use, you will know
What information enherent collects from you
How enherent uses your information
What choices you have about how enherent treats your information
How enherent Protects your Privacy
What enherent does about children visiting the Web Site
How you can contact enherent
Please be sure to read this Privacy Policy before using the Web Site or submitting information to us.  Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and your continued use of the Web Site is acceptance of such changes, so please check this area periodically for updates to this Privacy Policy.
1. INFORMATION ENHERENT COLLECTS FROM YOU
Active Information Collection
Like many other Web sites, we actively collect information from our visitors both by asking specific questions on the Web Site and by permitting you to communicate directly with us via e-mail.  Some of the information that you submit during the registration process my be personally identifiable (that is, information that can be uniquely identified with you, such as your name, business name, address, phone number, fax number, e-mail address, etc.).
When you visit the Web Site, we will not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you provide it to us voluntarily.  If the Web Site has a registration function, you may register with the Web Ste, during the registration process you may be asked for both personal and demographic information, most of which is required in order to complete registration.  We will inform you which information is optional.  If you opt not to register with the Web Site, you still can visit the Web Site but may not be able to access certain parts of the site.
enherent does not have control over the privacy policies applied by any other party that you may disclose information to.  Third party sites that are linked to/from the Web Site are not under the control of enherent and we are not responsible for their content or privacy policies.  If you would like information on any other party’s privacy policy, you should contact that party directly, and we encourage you to do so.
Passive Information Collection
As you navigate through the Web Site, certain information can be passively collected(that is, gathered without you actively providing the information) using various technologies and means such as navigational data collection.  Like most Web site operators, we track IP addresses, use both session and persistent cookies, and assign Internet tags.  Our system also automatically gathers information about the areas you visit on the site and collects operational information about technology you use, such as your browser, type of computer, operating systems, Internet service providers and domain name of the Web Site from which you linked to our site.
In addition, when you view the Web Site, we may store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a cookie or similar file and will help us in many ways. For example, cookies allow us to tailor a Web site or advertisement to better match your interests and preferences. Most Internet browsers enable you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. enherent does not collect personally identifiable information automatically, but we may tie information collected automatically to your previously submitted personally identifiable information.
We passively collect information to understand what areas of the Web Site are most popular, which areas may require improvement and what technologies are being used by our visitors. This information helps us to update and improve the Web Site. We also use this information for security purposes, to detect and to block security breaches and to provide you with a safe online environment.
2. HOW ENHERENT USES YOUR INFORMATION
enherent uses your personal information to enhance the operation of the Web Site and allow you to use all of its features.
The types of information we collect are described in this Privacy Policy. Generally speaking, and except as provided elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, the information we collect is used only by us and our affiliated companies, and disclosed to our service providers (as permitted by law) for the following purposes:
Conducting enherent’s own internal Web Site and system administration;
Conducting enherent’s own internal research and development;
Tailoring content according to user interests; and
Contacting users for marketing of enherent’s goods and services.
enherent will not give or sell your personally identifiable information to any outside organization for the organization’s own use without your consent. enherent may disclose your personal information to the reputable vendors that assist us in processing information or delivering the items that our customers order. These vendors are restricted from using the information for any purpose other than helping us to provide products and services.
enherent does not otherwise distribute to third parties your personally identifiable information. enherent, however, will have no liability for disclosure of information obtained due to errors in transmission or the unauthorized intervention of third parties.
enherent may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, online traffic patterns and related information to reputable third parties, but these statistics will not include any personally identifying information. enherent also will disclose any information that it is required to disclose by law or by an appropriate government authority.
Although enherent does not currently rent, sell, or otherwise share your information with third parties for purposes unrelated to this site, it may do so in the future. If you do not want your information to be shared, you should contact us at
privacy@enherentcorp.com  as described in Section 3.
3. CHOICES YOU HAVE ABOUT HOW ENHERENT USES YOUR INFORMATION
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
If you do not wish us to collect cookies, you may set your browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
If you do not wish us to share your personal information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties, please tell us at
privacy@enherentcorp.com.  You also may opt out of having your e-mail address used for promotional purposes by enherent. This opt out does not apply to information provided to enherent as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions. If you no longer wish to receive information or promotional materials from us by e-mail you may opt out of receiving these communications. We offer two methods for such opt out choices. If we have sent you a promotional e-mail, you may send us a return e-mail asking to be omitted from future e-mail distributions. You also may send us an e-mail stating your request addressed to privacy@enherentcorp.com .
You should review this Privacy Policy carefully, because if you do not agree with our practices, your ultimate choice is not to use the Web Site. Remember, by using any part of the Web Site, you accept and agree to our privacy practices. If we update this Privacy Policy, your continued use of the Web Site (following the posting of the revised Privacy Policy) means that you accept and agree to the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
4. HOW ENHERENT PROTECTS YOUR INFORMATION
We work hard to protect your personal information. We use both technical and procedural methods to maintain the integrity and security of our databases, including but not limited to the use of firewalls
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. If you have access to password-protected features, never share your password with anyone else, notify us promptly if you believe your password security has been breached, and remember to log off of this site before you leave your computer. We further urge you to be careful about giving out personal information in public areas of this site like chat rooms or bulletin boards. When you provide information in these forums you do so at your own risk. The information you share may be viewed by any user of this site.
This site contains links to other Web sites operated by third parties that may be of interest to you. We cannot control these third party sites, which may collect personal information from you. When you follow a link and leave this site, you do so at your own risk.
California law permits residents who have provided personal information to us to request information about disclosure of personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes. As detailed above, our policy is to not disclose personal information collected online or otherwise for any third party’s direct marketing purposes without first obtaining the user’s consent. As an additional measure, users may contact us at privacy@enherentcorp.com to request that their account records be noted that they have specifically opted-out of such disclosures.
5. WHAT ENHERENT DOES ABOUT CHILDREN VISITING THE WEB SITE
The Web Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. We will not knowingly collect information from site visitors in this age group. We encourage parents to talk to their children about their use of the Internet and the information they disclose online. If a child has provided us with personally identifiable information, a parent or guardian of that child may contact us via e-mail at
privacy@enherentcorp.com if they would like this information deleted from our records. We will use reasonable efforts to delete the child’s information from our databases.
6. HOW YOU CAN CONTACT ENHERENT
If you have submitted personally identifiable information through the Web Site or an interactive advertisement, or if someone else has submitted your personally identifiable information through the Web Site or an interactive advertisement, and you would like to have that information deleted from our marketing databases, please contact us via e-mail at privacy@enherentcorp.com. We will then use reasonable efforts to remove your personally identifiable information from our files. You also may contact us to request the personally identifiable information that enherent has collected about you through the Web Site or interactive advertisements. enherent will use reasonable efforts to supply you with this information and correct any factual inaccuracies in this information.
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the information practices of this site, please contact us at:
enherent Corp.
101 Eisenshower Parkway, Suite 300
Roseland, New Jersey 07068
(973) 795 -1290
privacy@enherentcorp.com