https://envisioninc.net/privacy
Home
Program Topics
Series
About
FAQ
Cart
Privacy
Updated January 06, 2013
Envision Inc. (“Envision”) operates envsioninc.net. It is Envision's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Your privacy is critically important to us. At Envision we have a few fundamental principles:
We don't ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. (We can't stand services that ask you for things like your gender or income level for no apparent reason.)
We don't share your personal information with anyone except to designly with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
We don't store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
Below is our privacy policy which incorporates these goals:
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Envision
collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Envision 's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Envision 's visitors use its website. From time to time, Envision
may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Envision also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on Envisioninc.net. Envision
only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that blog commenter IP addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the project where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Envision
websites choose to interact with Envision
in ways that require Envision
to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that
gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up account at envisioninc.net to provide a username and email address.
collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitors interaction with .
does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Envision may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites.
may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However,
does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Envision discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Envision behalf or to provide services available at Envision websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Envision websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Envision will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Envision
discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Envision
believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Envision , third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Envision
website and have supplied your email address, Envision
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with whats going on with Envision
and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Envision
takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitors designuter, and that the visitors browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Envision uses cookies to help Envision
identify and track visitors, their usage of Envision
websites, and their website access preferences. Envision
visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their designuters should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Envision
websites, with the drawback that certain features of Envision
websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Envision
may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Envision 's sole discretion. Envision
encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
This Privacy Policy was created from Wordpress.com's version, which is available under a Creative Commons Sharealike license.
×
See below video to how to enable flash in your browser