https://enviropak.com/privacy-policy/
Environmentally conscious since 1995
Phone: 314-739-1202
menu
Home
About
Leadership
FAQs
Molded Pulp
Styles
Benefits
Sustainability
Molded Pulp vs. Alternates
Case Studies
Electronics
Beverage
Retail
CPG
Capabilities
Production Tooling
Prototypes
Design
Bricks and Mortar
Contact
Careers
In The News
Blog
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
EnviroPAK Corporation does not currently collect personally identifiable information from this website except to the extent that your browser provides information to our server, and except to the extent that you provide such information to EnviroPAK Corporation, whether in an e-mail message or otherwise.  We may collect personal information that website visitors provide when requesting information about our products and services.  Information that may be collected includes, but is not limited to, name, address, and email address.  We may use personal information to respond to inquiries or to communicate with website visitors who have signed up for our email communications.
We may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide personal information to the appropriate governmental authorities.  We will disclose personal information upon receipt of a court order, subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser, if you allow, that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Most internet browsers are set to automatically accept cookies.  By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to reject cookies.  If you reject all cookies, we cannot guarantee that all parts of our site will function properly.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Please contact those third parties directly if you have any questions about their use of information they collect.  Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at www.EnviroPAK.com
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change our privacy policy at any time, and if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Please check this page periodically for changes.  Your continued use of the site following the posting of changes will signify your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.EnviroPAK.com
EnviroPAK Corporation
4203 Shoreline Drive
Earth City, Missouri 63045
USA
Contact Us