https://epi-ingredients.com/personal-data-protection-policy/
Epi Ingrédients > Personal data protection policy
Personal data protection policy
Pursuant to European Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (also
known as “GDPR”) on the protection of natural persons with regard to the
processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, you will
find below our personal data protection policy.
Such data includes any information that can be used to
identify you directly or indirectly as a natural person.
This personal data protection policy (hereinafter, the
“Policy”), is aimed at informing you of what data we collect, why, and on what
basis, and how we use and retain it, as well as you rights concerning such
data. We urge you to carefully read this Policy so that you know and understand
our practices concerning the processing of your personal data that we conduct.
Please note that this Policy is subject to change or
supplementation at any time by us, particularly in order to bring it into
compliance with any legislative, regulatory, case law or technological changes.
Therefore, you should regularly check this policy to find out about any changes
to it.
I. Identity of the data controller
The data controller of the personal data is the
company:
EPI INGREDIENTS
ZONE INDUSTRIELLE L’HERMITAGE 44150
ANCENIS-SAINT-GEREON (FRANCE)
SIREN number: 408 228 559 R.C.S. NANTES
Tel: +33 (0) 251 142 364
Email address: mlucot@laita.fr
Personal data subject to processing
The information that we collect is used to improve the
services that we provide you. It is data concerning your identity (last name,
first name), your professional activity, concerning your internet navigation
(IP addresses, login data, cookies).
Some personal data that we process may also come from
third-party partners, such as your social network profile on (LinkedIn,
Twitter). We urge you to read Part V below for more details.
II. The various types processing that we conduct using that data
We process your personal data in order to perform,
supply, and improve the services that we offer you.
The processing may be for all or part of the following
purposes:
1.     MEET YOUR REQUESTS
We can process your personal data to satisfy your
requests, in particular with the contact form.
2.
COMPLIANCE WITH OUR LEGAL
OBLIGATIONS
In some cases, we have a legal obligation to collect
and process your personal data.
3.
FULFILLING YOUR RIGHTS
We may process your personal data to fulfil your
requests to exercise your rights. We urge you to read Part VI of this Policy to
learn about your rights.
4.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We do not sell your personal data. We only share your
personal data with our third-party under certain, very specific situations.
Thus, we share your personal data when the law requires us to do so, or we
share your personal data with third-party partners (based in the European
Union), who provide us with services such as the hosting of our websites.
We urge you to read Part V of our Policy on this
topic.
5.
MANAGING AND IMPROVING OUR
WEBSITE
When you go to our website, we collect information,
such as your IP address, your position, the times of the visit, etc., to find
out the habits of persons using our site and to improve their experience.
III. Personal data retention times
Your personal data will be retained for as long as
necessary to fulfil the purpose of its collection.
We also retain the personal data for a time period
enabling us to process or respond to complaints or any requests for information
about the purchase.
The personal data concerning you may also be retained
longer in accordance with legal obligations, applicable prescription periods,
or recommendations from the French Data Protection Authority (CNIL), for
example:
Connection logs: 1 year
starting from the last login;Cookies: 13 months starting
from their placement on your computer;Identifying data from customers
(name, address, telephone number, etc.): 3 years from the end of commercial
relations.
IV. Data recipients
Your personal data may be the subject of a transfer to
other companies in our Group located within the European Union. All of our
companies are obligated to comply with the confidentiality and personal data
protection practices listed in this Policy.
Your personal data may also be transferred to other
companies based in the European Union, based on contracts establishing personal
data transfer requirements.
V. Your rights
You have the following rights concerning your personal
information, which you may exercise by writing to us at the following the email
address dpo@laita.fr
To do so, we would like to inform you that the CNIL
has provided a letter generator that will help you make your request: https://www.cnil.fr/fr/modeles/courrier
If the elements provided in your request to exercise
your rights do not enable us to identify you positively, we may be required to
ask you for a copy of a current form of ID (ID card or passport in the
following format: GIF, JPG, PNG, PDF).
1. RIGHT OF ACCESS AND COMMUNICATION OF DATA
You have the option to find out if and how we process
your personal data and to obtain the communication of the data in a
comprehensible format.
However, due to our security and privacy obligation
concerning the processing of personal data, you are hereby informed that your
request will be processed as long as you provide proof of your identity,
particularly by producing a copy of one of your valid IDs (either
electronically or through a signed paper photocopy).
We hereby inform you that we will be entitled, as
applicable, to object to obviously abusive requests (due to their number, their
repeated or systematic nature) as well as to requests infringing on the rights
of third parties.
Such requests may be made by sending us a written
request to the address mentioned above, using the letter template developed by
the CNIL.
2. RIGHT OF DATA RECTIFICATION
You have the right to request the correction,
updating, locking, or deletion of the personal data concerning you that may be
inaccurate, incorrect, incomplete, or obsolete.
Such requests may be made by sending us a written
request to the address mentioned above, using the letter template developed by
the CNIL.
3. RIGHT TO OBJECT
The right to object enables you to object to your
personal data being processed by us. You must justify such an objection request
with reasons about your particular situation, except concerning sales
canvassing (including profiling to the extent that it is linked to such sales
canvassing), which you may object to without giving a reason.
Thus, if your objection request does not concern sales
canvassing, we will be entitled to reject your request on the grounds that:
You have given your consent:
you may withdraw your consent, however;There are legitimate, urgent
reasons for processing your data;We are bound by a contract;We are under a legal obligation
to process your data;The processing is required to
protect your interests.
Such requests may be made by sending us a written
request to the address mentioned above, using the letter template developed by
the CNIL.
4. RIGHT OF ERASURE
You have the right to ask us to erase your personal
data as soon as possible.
We hereby inform you that, in rare cases, we may not
be able to fulfil your request, particularly in the context of compliance with
a legal obligation (e.g., the retention period for an invoice and therefore the
associated data is 10 years).
Such requests may be made by sending us a written
request to the address mentioned above, using the letter template developed by
the CNIL.
5. RIGHT TO RESTRICTION OF PROCESSING
You have the right to request the restriction of
processing.
Such requests may be made by sending us a written
request to the address mentioned above, using the letter template developed by
the CNIL.
6. RIGHT TO PORTABILITY
You have the right to portability of your personal
data, i.e., to receive the personal data that you have provided us, in a
structured, commonly-used, machine-readable format, and to transmit that data
to another data controller.
We hereby inform you that this right is not
implemented unless your data is processed automatically (paper files are
therefore not concerned), and based on your prior consent or the performance of
a contract entered into with you.
To exercise this right, we urge you to contact us as
follows the email address: dpo@laita.fr
7. DIGITAL WILL
You have the right to provide us with special
directives regarding the fate of your personal data after your death,
particularly with regard to its retention, erasure, and communication in the
context of the processing conducted by us.
Such directives may be provided to us by you using the
online contact form, or by writing to dpo@laita.fr
Such directives may be amended at any time. In the
absence of directives or mentions to the contrary, the heirs of a deceased
person may exercise the rights of the deceased person.
8. RESPONSE TIMES
We are committed to responding to your access,
rectification, or objection request, or any other request for additional
information within a reasonable time period which shall not exceed ONE (1)
month starting from the receipt of your request.
However, we may extend this time limit by two additional
months depending on the complexity and number of requests. You will then be
informed of that extension of the response time, within the month following
your request.
9. RIGHT TO CONTACT THE COMPETENT DATA PROTECTION
AUTHORITY
In the event of difficulties, you have the right to
submit a complaint with the CNIL: https://www.cnil.fr/fr/plaintes
10. WITHDRAWAL OF CONSENT
You also have the right to withdraw your consent, for
personal data processing based on the obtainment of your consent. If, for
example, you have given us your approval to send you advertising messages
electronically, you may unsubscribe from receiving such messages at any time by
clicking on the unsubscribe list at the bottom of the advertising messages you
receive.
You may also delete your user account at any time and
without a reason, directly online or by contacting our customer service
department.
For all other withdrawals of your consent, we urge you
to contact us as follows: either using the online form, or the email address: dpo@laita.fr
VI. Cookies and other technologies
This paragraph is to help you better understand how
cookies work and how to configure them.
WHAT IS A COOKIE?
A cookie is a text file placed on your computer when
you visit a site or read an ad. Its purpose is to collect information about
your browsing and to target appropriate services to your terminal (computer,
mobile phone, or tablet). Cookies are managed by your web browser in
particular.
OUR USE OF COOKIES
When using our site, cookies or other trackers are
placed on your computer, mobile phone, or tablet.
The information we collect in this way enables us to
provide you with more appropriate, better quality content on our site, analyse
your browsing, and identify and solve any problems.
HOW DO I CONFIGURE COOKIES?
When you first visit our website, a banner informs you of the presence of these cookies in urges you to make your choice via the Cookie manager .
You may, at any time, find out about and configure your cookies, to accept them or reject them, by going at the bottom of each page on the site.
For more information on configuring
cookies, we urge you to read the dedicated CNIL page by clicking on this link: https://www.cnil.fr/fr/cookies-les-outils-pour-les-maitriser
VII. PERSONAL DATA SECURITY
We are committed to implementing measures
aimed at ensuring the security of your personal data. These are appropriate
technical and organisational measures to ensure an appropriate level of
security. They may include:
Pseudonymisation and encryption
of data;Resources making it possible to
ensure the constant confidentiality, integrity, availability, and resilience of
the processing systems and services;Resources making it possible to
re-establish the availability of personal data and access thereto within
appropriate time limits in the event of a physical or technical incident;A procedure aimed at testing,
analysing, and regularly assessing the effectiveness of technical and
organisational measures for ensuring processing security;
In this aim of security, we ask you to please keep your password confidential
and not disclose it to anyone. You remain responsible for any problems caused
by the failure to respect the confidentiality of the password that you have
chosen to use to access your personal account.
VIII. DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
The contact information for our personal Data Protection
Officer is dpo@laita.fr
IX. Us and social networks
Third party social networks that embed interactive
modules on our website may use cookies or other trackers to collect information
about your use of our website.
The use of such information by a third party depends
on the privacy policy posted on the site of the social network concerned. We encourage you to read that privacy
policy carefully.
That third party may use those cookies or other
tracking methods for its own purposes by connecting the information regarding
your use of our site with the personal information that it holds concerning
you. We can also obtain analytical data from those social networks. Such
information enables us to measure the effectiveness of our content and our
advertisements on social networks.
Most web browsers employ a simple procedure for
rejecting such technologies.
X. Personal data of minors
Our websites, products, and applications are not
designed for minors (-18 years old), and we ask the minors concerned not to
provide us with personal information. If we establish that we have collected
personal data on a minor, we will take all necessary measures to delete such information
as soon as possible.
By clicking on OK I accept the deposit of cookies intended to carry out navigation and frequentation statistics.
OkNoPrivacy policy