https://epicurusconsulting.com/privacy-statement
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
Home/Privacy Statement
Privacy StatementThe Publisher2015-11-17T22:20:51-05:00
No confidential information should be provided to Epicurus through its site, and Epicurus shall take no responsibility whatsoever as to possible damages users might suffer in that respect. Epicurus may solicit some information from the users of this site to better understand users’ needs and provide users with better service. To help Epicurus users’ improve experience, Epicurus might also track users’ navigation and use of this site.
Persons under 18 are advised to get permission from their parent or guardian before they enter this site.
Epicurus will not sell or otherwise make information obtained from this site available to third parties, being understood that Epicurus’ affiliated companies are not considered to be third parties.
No data transmission over the internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secured. As a result, while Epicurus strives to protect your information, Epicurus cannot warrant the security of any information users transmit to Epicurus.
Epicurus will collect the following information from users requesting consultations or employment via this site to enable the fulfillment of the request: name, title, company, address, country, phone, fax, e-mail, and consent to be added to the Epicurus mailing list. By providing this information, the user consents to Epicurus storing the provided data in its databases, fulfilling the request, and communicating with the user via phone, fax, standard mail, and/or e-mail. Users who do not choose to be added to the Epicurus mailing list will only be contacted by Epicurus for matters pertaining to their requests.
The statements contained within the Epicurus site are not a warranty as to the performance or suitability of any service, nor should they be considered as recommendations to use The Epicurus Group’s services in violation of any laws, patents or official regulations dealing with the manufacture, composition, local labeling procedures, product design or end usage. The Epicurus Group assumes no responsibilities for any errors that may appear. All services are supplied subject to our Standard Conditions of Sale in force at the relevant time.
The information provided herein is provided without any responsibility on the part of Epicurus nor any of its affiliates for any damages, losses or claims. Any and all liability for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages, costs and fees, including attorneys fees, arising out of errors or omissions in, access to, use or inability to use of this site and any content of this site or the content of any site or hyperlink sites to this site is hereby disclaimed.
Employment Specific Information
By Clicking the Submit button on any job application on this website, I agree to the following:
I understand that The Epicurus Group may require me as a condition of employment or continued employment to submit to a test for the illegal use of drugs at any time, and I hereby consent to such tests. I also consent to take any physical examinations of any type, including but not limited to tests for alcohol or drugs, that may be requested by The Epicurus Group (1) following an offer of employment and prior to commencement of work; and/or (2) during the course of my employment to the extent consistent with applicable law. I understand that any such examinations will be performed by a health care professional designated by The Epicurus Group, that The Epicurus Group assumes no responsibility for advising of the results of any such examinations and that any information obtained through such examinations may be retained by The Epicurus Group and is exclusively The Epicurus Group’s property. I further authorize any health care professional who performs such an examination or who has other information concerning my physical, mental or other medical status to release such information to The Epicurus Group.
I understand that any false answers or statements or any misleading omissions made by me on this application or in connection with the processing of my application or in responding to its requests for information, including but not limited to false answers or statements or misleading omissions made during any physical examination, can be sufficient grounds for my rejection as a candidate for employment or for immediate discharge.
I understand that any employment I might be offered by The Epicurus Group is of indefinite duration, and that either I or The Epicurus Group could terminate that employment at any time with or without notice for any or no reason and that no agreements to the contrary will be recognized by The Epicurus Group unless in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of The Epicurus Group.
I understand that none of The Epicurus Group’s practices of policies are to be construed as imposing any binding obligations on The Epicurus Group, and that they are subject to change or deletion at any time.
Reference Release Form – I also, by submitting a job application on this website, do hereby authorize The Epicurus Group to seek from school officials, doctors, previous employers, and other persons, firms or institutions, and further authorize the persons, firms, or institutions contacted by The Epicurus Group to release it to any and all information in their knowledge or possession pertaining to my employment history or my qualifications and ability to work at the above-named job, including but not limited to information and opinions pertaining to the nature of my former jobs and job duties, how I performed those duties, my salary history, my attendance record, my character, my academic record, my physical ability to work and any performance, behavior, attitude or other problems or good points perceived by them. Further, I authorize The Epicurus Group to seek from any and all law enforcement agencies having information about me to release reports concerning any investigations, any and all documentation, test results, or information or any type obtained from any source during the course of investigations. I also consent to be fingerprinted by The Epicurus Group personnel and/or appropriate government agency personnel. I release, promise to hold harmless and covenant not to sue The Epicurus Group on the basis of its attempts to obtain any of the foregoing information, and I further release, promise to hold harmless and covenant not to sue any persons, firms, institutions or agencies providing such information to The Epicurus Group on the basis of their disclosures.
I understand that consulting/outside employment may not be undertaken on that portion of time covered by federal grants or contracts. I further understand that this request applies only to that portion of my time for which I am employed by The Epicurus Group or any of its divisions or units. I agree to furnish reports and additional details of employment as required.
I certify that there will be no conflict of interest between this outside employment and my responsibilities as an employee of The Epicurus Group. I also certify that as a consultant/employee of The Epicurus Group, I shall immediately notify The Epicurus Group of any job offers made by any client or client’s representative that would violate the terms of my employment with The Epicurus Group.