https://episode11productions.com/privacy-policy/
Video Production Privacy Policy: Episode 11 Productions
Home About
Our Creative Team
Randy Davis: Director Beth Sowell: Editor Curt Braden: Camera Dolby “The Reel Dog” Tony Davis, II: Sound Engineer
Corporate Clients Client Testimonials Frequently Asked Questions Blog
4K Video Production
Video Editing Services Video Production Price List Video Production Samples
3D Animation Photography Contact
Privacy Policy
4K Video Production Company in CharlottePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy What information do we collect? We only collect information from you when you fill out a web form or sign up for our newsletter. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.. What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: • To improve customer service (Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs) • To send periodic emails The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information. Do we use cookies? Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits. Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act). Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline. Terms and Conditions Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at https://episode11productions.com Your Consent By using our site, you consent to this privacy policy. Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. Episode 11 Productions 2814 Bricker Dr. Charlotte, NC 28273 info@episode11productions.com
Navigation
Press Releases Site Map
Our NC Location 2814 Bricker Dr. Charlotte, NC 28273 United States Telephone: 704.998.3711 Mon-Fri.: 8:30am-5:30pm
Share Some Love
facebook
twitter
linkedIn
google+
SEARCH OUR SITE
© 2020 | Privacy Policy
× We use Cookies, not the baked kind...those website cookies - By using this site or closing this you agree to our Cookies policy.