https://epm.net.au/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Engineered Precision Machining does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. This information is only used internally by Engineered Precision Machining.
Except as required by law, Engineered Precision Machining will not give out personal user data to any third party. However, Engineered Precision Machining reserves the right to contact members of our database for verification purposes.
Engineered Precision Machining reserves the right to perform statistical analyses of user behaviour and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site.
Users also should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of Engineered Precision Machining internet servers or through the use of server-side cookies. Server-Side Cookies are small text files a web site can use to facilitate the user’s ongoing access of the site and allow a site to track usage behaviour and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements. Cookies are not programs that come onto a user’s system and damage files.
Engineered Precision Machining reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a new privacy statement. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
Blog
Robot Install
Newly Installed Fanuc Robot to compliment our Okuma Multus U4000 5 axis Its in times like this that we need to innovate and work outside the box, producing parts without handling is a bonus in the current climate. What a machine to watch dancing around !
View More Posts
Testimonials
Nathan from Kewdale
” great effort and thank you to your team” after the work EPM preformed for is company   thanks, Nathan for the feedback
View More Testimonials
Recent Posts
Robot Install Big is beautiful ! NEW MACHINES AT EPM ! Mining Australia: Advantages of Reverse Engineering Welcome to our New Website
Useful Links
Innovative CNC Machining Solutions
Replacement Parts
Spares & Wear Parts for Tamrock
Spares & Wear Parts for Caterpillar CAT
Spares & Wear Parts for Boart Longyear
Spares & Wear Parts for Atlas Copco
Careers at EPM
Contact Details
Head Office1 Baldwin Street
Kewdale													WA													6105
Postal
PO Box 8													Welshpool													WA													6986
Phone:
(08) 9353 3899
Fax:
(08) 9353 3890
Follow us on Google+
Follow us on LinkedIn
Like us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on YouTube