https://eprivacylink.com/products/chain-link-fence/
(800) 574-1076 info@eprivacylink.com Free Advertising BrochuresDownload Our CatalogGet A Free Quote
Chain Link Fence Galvanized & vinyl-coated chain link fencing Chain link fences are a popular and affordable fencing solution for any yard. PrivacyLink offers chain link fence options to suit any application. Chain link fences are often installed in both commercial properties and residential yards to add security and decoration. They are a popular fencing solution due to their affordability and ease of installation. Our chain link fences are also corrosion-resistant, easy to install, and versatile, making them a great choice for almost all applications.Our chain link fences are highly customizable to suit their application. Chain link fencing is available in galvanized metal as well as seven beautiful vinyl colors (shown below): beige, redwood, black, white, forest green, gray, and dark brown. Our fused and bonded vinyl coated chain link fence offers additional protection to the wire mesh, plus it gives the chain link a more aesthetically pleasing appearance.We provide chain link fences for everything from small backyards to huge commercial properties. If you are looking to add some privacy to your chain link fence, check out our chain link fence slats. If slatting fences isn’t your thing, we also offer chain link fences with the slats factory-inserted in the mesh.PrivacyLink® is your one-stop-shop for all of your fencing needs, so we also provide fence fittings, accessories, and hardware to complete your chain link fence.
Galvanized Chain Link Features:Available heights: 3’ through 16’ (special heights available on request)Galvanized Before Weaving (GBW) meeting ASTM A392 and A817specifications, 1.2 oz. type II, Class 4, 9 gauge and 11 gaugeAluminized 9 gauge, ASTM A491, type 1Special fabric diameters and finishes quoted upon requestVinyl Coated Chain Link Features:Available heights: 3’ through 16’ (special heights available on request)Fabric diameters and finishes available including:Fused and bonded, 9 gauge finish (10 gauge core) vinyl coated by thermally fused and bonded method per ASTM F668 specifications, class 2bFused and bonded, 8 gauge finish (9 gauge core) vinyl coated by thermally fused and bonded method per ASTM F668 specifications, class 2bChain Link Fence Benefits:Manufactured in the USAAvailable by the job or by the truckloadDiscounts for truckload ordersCertifications supplied when needed on state, local, and federal jobsChain link fences are one of the most popular fences, both commercially and residentially, due to the many benefits they offer. If you’re looking for a no-frills, easy to install, low maintenance fence, chain link is perfect for you. One of the only drawbacks of chain link fences is the lack of privacy, but if that is important to you or your customer, you can get chain link fence with privacy slats factory-installed.Be sure that you check out our fence fittings and hardware for all of your chain link fence needs.
Types of chain link fence
Galvanized
Vinyl Coated
Types of selvage
Twist Selvage
Knuckle Selvage
Chain Link Wire ColorsMix any color of slat with any color of wire. Colors shown above are digital approximations. Exact representation of colors in online material and printing is difficult. Please refer to actual color samples for accurate matching. Samples available upon request.
Free Price quote
PrivacyLink®130 West 700 SouthSmithfield, Utah 84335Toll-free: (800) 574-1076Local: (435) 563-1058Fax: (435) 563-1062Email: info@eprivacylink.com Privacy policy Translate:
English
Dutch English French German Italian Portuguese Spanish
- ABOUT US- NEWS & UPDATES- PRODUCTS- TESTIMONIALS- CONTACT US- GET A FREE QUOTE- DISTRIBUTORS, DEALERS & CONTRACTORS- ARCHITECTS & SPECIFIERS FollowFollowFollow
DOWNLOAD OUR PRODUCT CATALOG
Would you like us to mail you a physical copy of the catalog as well? YesNo
See what our customers are saying... "We proposed using Noodle Link on a large job for a major company, which was approved. The company has two locations. We were awarded one location. The other location was awarded to another fence company that put up chain link only and hand inserted the slats afterward. We both started at the same time. We finished more than two weeks earlier than the company that hand inserted the slats..."- Jeff in Pennsylvania
"What a time saver Noodle Link is. We will certainly use Noodle Link on our next job. We can't believe how beautiful this job turned out and it was a 10-foot installation. It was a no-brainer to consider and use this product."- Denise in Florida
"My customer tried Noodle Link last October and liked it so well that he has asked me for another Noodle Link quote for $40,000."- Adam in West Virginia
FREE FULL-COLOR BROCHURESFor fence contractors and distributorsLet us customize a “fence selection guide” for your company at no charge.Hand them out to your customers. Use them to select the right fence for their upcoming fencing projects.
Order Free Advertising Brochures
CLOSE Download our FREE catalog!Submit your information below and a catalog will be emailed right to your inbox.
Would you like us to mail you a physical copy of the catalog as well? YesNo
CLOSE