https://eprivacylink.com/testimonials/
(800) 574-1076 info@eprivacylink.com Free Advertising BrochuresDownload Our CatalogGet A Free Quote
Customer Testimonials Read what some of our customers are saying about us. Leave A Review “I push PrivacyLink products. The cost of the material is offset by labor costs putting in slats. Everyone says putting in slats is a ‘real a** woopin’.”
Scott in Texas
“My customer tried Noodle Link last October and liked it so well that he has asked me for another Noodle Link quote for $40,000.”
Adam in West Virginia
“I like buying from you. Your material always comes in clean and wrapped up nice. I don’t like buying from other vendors because it’s always dirty and looks like it’s been sitting in a dirt field for a while. It’s hard to explain that to a customer.”
Phil in California
“Went great! No hiccups! Noodle Link is so much more effective to use. Our customer (Border Patrol) is more than pleased with the final look of Noodle Link. We had to buy a gate from somewhere else and our customer decided to slide the slats in themselves, but they soon realized how much of a waste of time it was to do that instead of using Noodle Link. Always looking for opportunities to push Noodle Link.”
Rilie in North Dakota
“Our customer loved Noodle Link, which is the most important part. Our guys also liked using it (Noodle Link), and were happy to be finished with the job a lot sooner than inserting slats themselves.”
Debbie in Colorado
“14 ft. tall Noodle Link was surprisingly easy to work with. The customer really liked working with it. He said it made the job go much easier. He thought about inserting slats into the 10 ft. tall fence, then stacking a 4 ft. tall fence on top. Noodle Link just made more sense and saved my customer a lot of trouble.”
Chris in Utah
“We used 460ft. of 8ft. tall Noodle Link and we saved ourselves a week’s worth of work stuffing slats in 100 degree weather. We loved it and will use it again.”
Tommy in Arkansas
“It only took us 5 hours to complete the job (450ft.), it would’ve taken at least 8 hours to stuff slats on a job that size, on top of the 3 hours to put up the chain link by itself.”
Dan in Illinois
“It’s a nice looking fence and having the slats already in the wire makes it easier than stuffing slats. I will tell you this, from now on I will always use this over putting the slats in myself.”
Wes in Idaho
“It seems now days it is difficult to find reliable labor, and so you have to really have more trust in the capabilities of your equipment and material you work with. I would recommend anyone to use Noodle Link.”
Mike in Ohio
“Privacy Link is a great company with good people that care about their work. They clearly provide awesome customer service and solid fencing products.”
Garrett in Utah
“We proposed using Noodle Link on a large job for a major company, which was approved. The company has two locations. We were only awarded one location. The other location was awarded to another fence company that put up chain link only and hand inserted the slats afterwards. We both started at the same time. We finished more than two weeks earlier than the company that hand inserted the slats. ”
Jeff in Pennsylvania
“That was the greatest thing ever when you came out with Noodle Link! It’s way better than sliding the slats in one by one after the fence is up.”
Chris in Arkansas
“You have a hit with Noodle Link. My crews loved installing it, and it looks great when it’s up. The slats are nice and even and not choppy. I like that it’s locked on bottom and top. We will definitely be buying more.”
Tim in Wisconsin
“Like it a lot! It’s been great so far. Splicing sections together went smoothly. It has saved us a lot of time and effort to use Noodle Link instead inserting slats by hand.”
Gloria in Louisiana
“Really liked the concept and like the idea of saving so much time and so much more on labor costs.”
Jim in Illinois
“We proposed using Noodle Link on a large job for a major company, which was approved. The company has two locations (approx. 2000 ft of fence each) that are very close together. We were only awarded one location. The other location was awarded to another fence company that put up chain link only and hand inserted the slats afterwards. We both started at the same time. We finished more than two weeks earlier than the company that hand inserted the slats. The general contractor and the company we put the fence in for were very pleased. They were amazed on how fast we put up the Noodle Link fence and how nice it looked. They thought the Noodle Link fence looked better than the fence where the slats were hand inserted.”
Jeff in Pennsylvania
“The job went nice, went smooth. I really liked the way it went up. The school district loves it.”
Lenny in California
“The guys liked it (Noodle Link), there weren’t any surprises using it either. It stretched out nice and easy too.”
Josh in Arizona
“We just finished a Noodle Link job for Arby’s and it went very well. My installation guys like how easy the product was to work with. The customer was very pleased with the end product. Will let you know on the next Noodle Link job opportunity.”
Rick in Minnesota
“The guys really liked Noodle Link. It was easy to work with and it went up fast.”
Chris in New Mexico
“What a time saver Noodle Link is. We will certainly use Noodle Link on our next job. We can’t believe how beautiful this job turned out and it was a 10’ installation. It was a no-brainer to consider and use this product.”
Denise in Florida
“Professional, Courteous, Reasonably priced, Beautiful job. Could not be happier with our Privacylink Fencing. Thank you to you all! Yes. Yes, I would recommend quickly.”
Debbie H.
“We here at All American Fencing have been extremely happy with the service and products provided by Privacy Link. Thanks for the great service from the team at All American Fencing in Auburn, WA”
Richard in Washington
“Went great! A lot quicker than stuffing slats. It’s [Noodle Link] a perfect system, nothing wrong with it. So easy to use, only way I want to use slats is using Noodle Link. Thank you for making my job easier.”
Isaac in Arizona
“The guys haven’t complained. Looks nice, and we’re glad we don’t have to stuff the slats, we’ll just keep having you guys do it for us.”
Brenda in Georgia
“We liked it. Crews liked it too. It was faster and they liked it a whole lot better than putting slats in themselves.”
Spencer in North Carolina
“I absolutely loved Noodle Link! I honestly never want to use anything else, it was so easy to work with. It took me about 90 minutes to install 150’ of fence put up, tied down, and stretched. I was able to go home early on Christmas Eve! More importantly, my customer was completely surprised by how quickly the fence went up. I look forward to not having to stuff slats anymore.”
Mike in Michigan
“I showed our installation crew your Noodle Link YouTube videos and gave them your cut sheet with installation instructions and they installed the fence with no problems. It looks really nice and the owners were very happy.”
Sheri in California
“It was easy to install. It’s easier to just put the fence up and not stuff the slats. No complaints here, we will be placing another order soon.”
Mike in Tennessee
“Thanks PrivacyLink. Being a small contractor it’s hard going up against the larger commercial outfits and the only way we could be competitive is with your product. That’s the only thing that landed the job for us. So we are 1 for 1, which is a good thing.”
Grant in Texas
“Just finished our first Noodle Link job, my guys really liked using the material. It was very easy to stretch and weave together. Most of all, our customer was very pleased with the installation and the final look.”
Tom in Arizona
We would love your feedback!Please share your review of PrivacyLink®. You can click the review buttons to share your feedback on Google or Facebook, or send us your feedback directly by completing the form below.
Write A Google Review Write A Facebook Review
PrivacyLink®130 West 700 SouthSmithfield, Utah 84335Toll-free: (800) 574-1076Local: (435) 563-1058Fax: (435) 563-1062Email: info@eprivacylink.com Privacy policy Translate:
English
Dutch English French German Italian Portuguese Spanish
- ABOUT US- NEWS & UPDATES- PRODUCTS- TESTIMONIALS- CONTACT US- GET A FREE QUOTE- DISTRIBUTORS, DEALERS & CONTRACTORS- ARCHITECTS & SPECIFIERS FollowFollowFollow
DOWNLOAD OUR PRODUCT CATALOG
Would you like us to mail you a physical copy of the catalog as well? YesNo
See what our customers are saying... "We proposed using Noodle Link on a large job for a major company, which was approved. The company has two locations. We were awarded one location. The other location was awarded to another fence company that put up chain link only and hand inserted the slats afterward. We both started at the same time. We finished more than two weeks earlier than the company that hand inserted the slats..."- Jeff in Pennsylvania
"What a time saver Noodle Link is. We will certainly use Noodle Link on our next job. We can't believe how beautiful this job turned out and it was a 10-foot installation. It was a no-brainer to consider and use this product."- Denise in Florida
"My customer tried Noodle Link last October and liked it so well that he has asked me for another Noodle Link quote for $40,000."- Adam in West Virginia
FREE FULL-COLOR BROCHURESFor fence contractors and distributorsLet us customize a “fence selection guide” for your company at no charge.Hand them out to your customers. Use them to select the right fence for their upcoming fencing projects.
Order Free Advertising Brochures
CLOSE Download our FREE catalog!Submit your information below and a catalog will be emailed right to your inbox.
Would you like us to mail you a physical copy of the catalog as well? YesNo
CLOSE