https://eprivacylink.com/products/trex-composite-fencing/
(800) 574-1076 info@eprivacylink.com Free Advertising BrochuresDownload Our CatalogGet A Free Quote
Trex Composite Fence Learn about our Trex composite fencing products Industry-leading, low maintenance composite fencingMade with an innovative mix of 96% recycled wood and plastic for over 20 years, Trex Composite Fencing offers a neighbor-friendly design and beautiful fencing option for your clients. With zero upkeep, Trex Seclusions® and Horizons® Fencings are more durable than vinyl, richer in color, and softer than other fence products. Our composite fence panels offer the full privacy your clients need while staying environmentally conscious and natural-looking.Trex Seclusions® and Horizons® Composite FencingWith a vertical fence panel design, Seclusions® Composite Fencing is specifically designed to provide extra strength to prevent it from bending or warping with time. A matching gate is also available with the Seclusion® design to allow your clients to easily access their yards.Horizons® Composite Fencing has a unique eye-catching design using horizontal panels. This composite fence paneling is the perfect addition to your client’s yard or business. With an easy-to-install interlocking picket system, it can be customized for height, style, and slope.Find the right Trex Composite Fence model that best suits your customer’s needs.
Trex Seclusions Fence
Trex Horizons Fence
Trex Seclusions Gate
Request A FREE quote
PrivacyLink®130 West 700 SouthSmithfield, Utah 84335Toll-free: (800) 574-1076Local: (435) 563-1058Fax: (435) 563-1062Email: info@eprivacylink.com Privacy policy Translate:
English
Dutch English French German Italian Portuguese Spanish
- ABOUT US- NEWS & UPDATES- PRODUCTS- TESTIMONIALS- CONTACT US- GET A FREE QUOTE- DISTRIBUTORS, DEALERS & CONTRACTORS- ARCHITECTS & SPECIFIERS FollowFollowFollow
DOWNLOAD OUR PRODUCT CATALOG
Would you like us to mail you a physical copy of the catalog as well? YesNo
See what our customers are saying... "We proposed using Noodle Link on a large job for a major company, which was approved. The company has two locations. We were awarded one location. The other location was awarded to another fence company that put up chain link only and hand inserted the slats afterward. We both started at the same time. We finished more than two weeks earlier than the company that hand inserted the slats..."- Jeff in Pennsylvania
"What a time saver Noodle Link is. We will certainly use Noodle Link on our next job. We can't believe how beautiful this job turned out and it was a 10-foot installation. It was a no-brainer to consider and use this product."- Denise in Florida
"My customer tried Noodle Link last October and liked it so well that he has asked me for another Noodle Link quote for $40,000."- Adam in West Virginia
FREE FULL-COLOR BROCHURESFor fence contractors and distributorsLet us customize a “fence selection guide” for your company at no charge.Hand them out to your customers. Use them to select the right fence for their upcoming fencing projects.
Order Free Advertising Brochures
CLOSE Download our FREE catalog!Submit your information below and a catalog will be emailed right to your inbox.
Would you like us to mail you a physical copy of the catalog as well? YesNo
CLOSE