https://eprivacylink.com/privacy-policy/
(800) 574-1076 info@eprivacylink.com Free Advertising BrochuresDownload Our CatalogGet A Free Quote
Privacy Policy Our privacy policy outlines how data is collected and used Please take the time to read the full Privacy Policy. You consent to the data collection, use, disclosure and storage practices described in this Privacy Policy when you visit eprivacylink.com, including, without limitation, when you view or access videos or other content.We are committed here at PrivacyLink to safeguarding your privacy. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the information we gather through our website, FaceBook page and emails, what we do with it, and the safeguards we have in place to protect it. Please note that this Policy applies only to information collected through our website.What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on the site, request a quote, place an order, or respond to a communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature. When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. Like many websites, we use “cookies” to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the “Do we use ‘cookies’?” section below for information about cookies and how we use them.How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, request a quote, purchase products, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways: To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested. To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests. To quickly process your request for free quotes. We may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the “How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?” section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail or other communications from us, you will not receive these e-mails.How do we protect visitor information?information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.Do we use “cookies”?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service provider to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We contract with a third-party service provider to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. This service provider is not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won’t have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term “outside parties” does not include our business. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by emailing info@eprivacylink.com. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.Third party linksIn an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).Changes to our policyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on July 2nd, 2018.Questions and feedbackWe welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.Online Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
PrivacyLink®130 West 700 SouthSmithfield, Utah 84335Toll-free: (800) 574-1076Local: (435) 563-1058Fax: (435) 563-1062Email: info@eprivacylink.com Privacy policy Translate:
English
Dutch English French German Italian Portuguese Spanish
- ABOUT US- NEWS & UPDATES- PRODUCTS- TESTIMONIALS- CONTACT US- GET A FREE QUOTE- DISTRIBUTORS, DEALERS & CONTRACTORS- ARCHITECTS & SPECIFIERS FollowFollowFollow
DOWNLOAD OUR PRODUCT CATALOG
Would you like us to mail you a physical copy of the catalog as well? YesNo
See what our customers are saying... "We proposed using Noodle Link on a large job for a major company, which was approved. The company has two locations. We were awarded one location. The other location was awarded to another fence company that put up chain link only and hand inserted the slats afterward. We both started at the same time. We finished more than two weeks earlier than the company that hand inserted the slats..."- Jeff in Pennsylvania
"What a time saver Noodle Link is. We will certainly use Noodle Link on our next job. We can't believe how beautiful this job turned out and it was a 10-foot installation. It was a no-brainer to consider and use this product."- Denise in Florida
"My customer tried Noodle Link last October and liked it so well that he has asked me for another Noodle Link quote for $40,000."- Adam in West Virginia
FREE FULL-COLOR BROCHURESFor fence contractors and distributorsLet us customize a “fence selection guide” for your company at no charge.Hand them out to your customers. Use them to select the right fence for their upcoming fencing projects.
Order Free Advertising Brochures
CLOSE Download our FREE catalog!Submit your information below and a catalog will be emailed right to your inbox.
Would you like us to mail you a physical copy of the catalog as well? YesNo
CLOSE