https://eprivacylink.com/about/
(800) 574-1076 info@eprivacylink.com Free Advertising BrochuresDownload Our CatalogGet A Free Quote
About Us Learn about PrivacyLink® PrivacyLink® is a full-service fence company that has been providing distributors, dealers and contractors with security and privacy fencing for the past twenty plus years.
An open letter with our company pledge.PrivacyLink® wants to make a difference in our customer’s bottom line by providing quality products and impeccable service, which they should expect.As a company we realize we are in an industry that is very competitive; having said that, we want to assure our customers PrivacyLink® will not be undersold and our customers can take that to the bank.Please give me a call if we need to discuss any quote or pricing which you need to be competitive. We want to partner with our customers and will never compromise quality or service as we strive diligently to make each one successful.My commitment to each customer is just a phone call away – (800) 574-1076.
Our Mission.We built our business plan on some old-fashioned principles.Do you remember when a handshake was just as binding as a written contract? Or when the phrase “a man was good as his word” held true? We believe they still hold true today. In fact, we have built PrivacyLink® on those very principles.Our goal from day one has been to start strong, lasting relationships with each one of our business partners. And, we chose to start those relationships with a firm, committed handshake – by giving our word that we would consistently provide a superb product at a fair price and customer service second to none.We also understood we had to establish relationships built on mutual trust by giving our word every day to everyone we have worked with that we will uphold those values. You can rest assured we will keep our end of the bargain when we shake hands at the beginning of a new partnership. Yes, to us a handshake is just as binding as a written contract.
Our people.The individuals working here at PrivacyLink® are an integral part of our business and key to our success. In fact, we feel that we have some of the most qualified people in the fence industry today. And that includes everyone from our knowledgeable sales force to our caring and thorough office and inside sales staff to our hard-working production crew and to those who fill orders in our shipping department.Each one strives to make our customer’s experience with PrivacyLink® one that will bring them back again and again for quality fence products. We sincerely believe our happy, satisfied customers are a direct result of our team’s commitment to our company and to the customers they serve.
Our products.From the day we opened our doors we were determined to offer only the very best fencing products. Our skilled craftsmen, working from our modern facilities in Cache Valley, Utah take the highest quality materials and fabricate or assemble them into finished products. Commercial, industrial and residential customers have chosen and have come to rely on PrivacyLink® fencing because of the quality that goes into every fence.From the very beginning back in 1995, we were one of the very first fence manufacturers to develop and refine the process of inserting privacy fence slats into chain link fence mesh during fabrication at our manufacturing facility. We knew this would significantly simplify the installation process and ease the burden of inserting slats by hand on the job site for our customers which would save time and help improve profits. Today, we lead the way in the fence industry with our Chain Link Fence with “Factory Inserted Slats”™.We also offer fencing products produced by other companies. We select only preferred brands and styles from top name manufacturers so that our customers can access most of their fencing needs and satisfy their customer’s requirements in one central location.
PrivacyLink®130 West 700 SouthSmithfield, Utah 84335Toll-free: (800) 574-1076Local: (435) 563-1058Fax: (435) 563-1062Email: info@eprivacylink.com Privacy policy Translate:
English
Dutch English French German Italian Portuguese Spanish
- ABOUT US- NEWS & UPDATES- PRODUCTS- TESTIMONIALS- CONTACT US- GET A FREE QUOTE- DISTRIBUTORS, DEALERS & CONTRACTORS- ARCHITECTS & SPECIFIERS FollowFollowFollow
DOWNLOAD OUR PRODUCT CATALOG
Would you like us to mail you a physical copy of the catalog as well? YesNo
See what our customers are saying... "We proposed using Noodle Link on a large job for a major company, which was approved. The company has two locations. We were awarded one location. The other location was awarded to another fence company that put up chain link only and hand inserted the slats afterward. We both started at the same time. We finished more than two weeks earlier than the company that hand inserted the slats..."- Jeff in Pennsylvania
"What a time saver Noodle Link is. We will certainly use Noodle Link on our next job. We can't believe how beautiful this job turned out and it was a 10-foot installation. It was a no-brainer to consider and use this product."- Denise in Florida
"My customer tried Noodle Link last October and liked it so well that he has asked me for another Noodle Link quote for $40,000."- Adam in West Virginia
FREE FULL-COLOR BROCHURESFor fence contractors and distributorsLet us customize a “fence selection guide” for your company at no charge.Hand them out to your customers. Use them to select the right fence for their upcoming fencing projects.
Order Free Advertising Brochures
CLOSE Download our FREE catalog!Submit your information below and a catalog will be emailed right to your inbox.
Would you like us to mail you a physical copy of the catalog as well? YesNo
CLOSE