https://ergotronix.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyErgotronix, Inc. is committed to protecting the privacy of every individual who visits our website. This policy covers how we treat personal information that received online. Personal information is defined as information about you that is personally identifiable, such as your name, mailing address, email address, or other contact information that is not otherwise publicly available. This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on our website, unless otherwise posted.We do not collect personal or business addresses or any personally identifiable information on visitors to our site without your permission. We may collect information on what pages you access or visit. We may use this information to measure usage so that we can make our web site more useful and improve the content of our site. Some of this information is collected automatically through cookies. It is used for internal review only and NOT SHARED with other organizations for commercial purposes without first providing notification to you.WE DO NOT SELL personal information submitted by visitors to our site with other people or with other companies. We limit access to personal information to company employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services that you ordered.This website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Ergotronix, Inc. We does not control or assume responsibility for the content or privacy policies of these sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every website you visit. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this website.We reserve the right to modify the terms and conditions of this policy at any time. You should periodically visit this page to review the current terms to which you are bound.
Ergotronix, Inc.6408 Parkland Drive,Sarasota, FL 34243Phone: 941.727.7600 Toll Free: 877.SEE.ERGO sales@ergotronix.com
Privacy PolicyCareersSitemap ©
Ergotronix, Inc.
|
All Rights Reserved Wait Up!Please sign in to request files.
LOGIN Don’t have an account? Sign up now.
X