https://esyntactic.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Engineered Syntactic Systems
Home
Company
What we do
Who We Are
Careers
Events
Products & Solutions
What is Syntactic Foam?
Buoyancy Materials
Microsphere Syntactic Foam
Macrosphere Syntactic Foam
Macrosphere Syntactic Properties
Syntactic Density Chart
Thermoplastic Syntactic Foam
Buoyancy Solutions
ROV Buoyancy
AUV Buoyancy
HOV Buoyancy
Oceanographic
Syntactic Void Filler
Insulation Materials
Thermal Insulators
Structural Materials
Low FST (Fire, Smoke, Toxicity)
Core Materials (MacroCore)
Case Studies
ROV
Seabotix
Isis (#1)
Isis (#2)
Jason
Schilling (#1)
Schilling (#2)
AUV
Seabotix
Remus 6000
Bluefin Artemis
HOV
Alvin
Hawkes Challenger
Structural Materials
USS Zumwalt
Low FST Time-Elapse Video
ESS Blog
Resources
Data Sheets
Technical Guides
Frequently Asked Questions
Press Releases
Video Project Library
Contact
Address, Email & Phone
Application Assistance Form
Search
Menu
Menu
Twitter
Privacy PolicyYou are here: Home1 / Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the practices for https://esyntactic.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website pursuant to the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy. You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Contact us.
If you need to update inaccurate information or feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 508-226-3907 or tech@esyntactic.com.
Engineered Syntactic Systems © 2020 | All Rights Reserved | 107 Frank Mossberg Drive Attleboro, MA 02703 | Phone: 508-226-3907 | Email: Tech@esyntactic.com
© Copyright
- Engineered Syntactic Systems 2020
Twitter
Engineered Syntactic Systems uses cookies to improve site functionality and to provide you with a better browsing experience. Detailed information on the use of cookies on this Site, and how you can decline them, is provided in our cookie policy. By using this Site or clicking on "OK", you consent to the use of cookies.OKLearn moreCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our site functions. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visist to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here: Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy
Accept settingsHide notification onlyCheck to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Scroll to top