https://etatechnology.in/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Last Updated : 5 August, 2018.
Privacy Statement
Contents
1. Introduction
1.1 Personal Information we may collect
2. Your rights regarding your personal data
2.1 For users in the European Union
2.2 For users in California
3. How we may gather your data
4. How we use your data
4.1 Compliance with our Privacy Policy
4.2 Use of personal information
4.3 Legal Basis for collecting your personal Information (for EEA users)
4.4 Social Media (Features) And Widgets
4.5 Links to Other Sites
4.6 Disclosure
5. How we protect information
6. How long do we retain your data
7. Consent
7.1 Children
7.2 How we get your consent
7.3 How you can withdraw your consent
7.4 How can I correct, update or delete my information?
8. Cookie Policy
8.1 What are cookies?
8.2 What types of cookies we use and how we use them
8.3 Specific types of first and third party cookies that we use:
8.4 Third Party cookies
8.5 How you can control cookies
9. Changes to This Privacy Policy
Section 1. Introduction
ETA Technology Pvt. Ltd. is aware that the security of your private information from the use of our website is an important concern and we take it seriously. This privacy statement highlights our privacy practices regarding Personal Information we keep about you.
This privacy statement applies to information collected through this Site and it does not apply to information that we collect through other means (e.g., other websites including social media platforms), or to information collected on any other company or third-party site regardless of whether such site links to or is accessible from this Site. You should carefully read the privacy statements of the respective websites.
By visiting our website, you understand and agree to the terms as outlined in this Privacy Policy. As business conditions change, we may plan to use your personal data for new purposes. We will update this policy to reflect changes in our business practices. We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy at any time. We will post revisions to our policy on our Sites and/or provide other notification, such as email, as appropriate.
‘Personal Information’ is any data which identifies you personally, including contact information, such as your name, e-mail address, company name, address, phone number, and other information about yourself or your business. ‘Personal Information’ may be identified from that data, or from a combination of a set of data, and other information which is or may be in possession of ETA Technology.
1.1 Personal Information we may collect
You may browse our website without providing any Personally Identifiable Information about yourself. However, we may collect some information including personal information which includes the following:
Date, time and duration the user spends on each page
IP Address and name of your internet Service Provider
Your device’s Operating System and Browser Type
State/Country/Region from where you accessed our website.
Section2. Your rights regarding your personal data
2.1 For users in the European Union
The General Data Protection Regulation or “GDPR” gives our users in the European Union certain rights over the usage of their personal data:
Right to be informed – the right to be told about the personal data we collect about you;
Right of Access – the right to be informed about whether we are processing your personal data and access to a copy of that data;
Right to Rectification – the right to request for updates or amendments to your personal data wherever it is inaccurate or incomplete;
Right to Erasure (or Right to be forgotten )– the right to request that we temporarily or permanently erase all or some of your personal data, where there is no valid reason for us to keep it;
Right to Restrict
–
the right to ask us to restrict processing of your data;
Right to Object – the right, at any time, to object to us processing your personal data on grounds of i) legitimate interests, or for the performance of a task in the public interests/exercise of official authority (including profiling); (ii) direct marketing (including profiling); and (iii) for purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics.
Legitimate interests/legal task – your objection should be based on your particular situation. We can continue to process the data if we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds which override your interests.
Direct marketing – you have an absolute right to ask us to stop processing for the purposes of direct marketing.
Scientific/historical research and statistics – your objection should be based on your particular situation. If we are conducting research where the processing is necessary for the performance of a public task, we can refuse to comply with your objection.
Right to Data Portability – the right to request a copy of your personal data in electronic format and the right to transmit that personal data for use in another party’s service; and
Rights relating to automated decision making including profiling
–
the right to not be subject to a decision based solely on automated decision making, including profiling, where the decision would have a legal effect on you or produce a similarly significant effect.
2.2 For users in California
2.2.1
The California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
As required by CalOPPA, this Privacy Policy identifies the categories of personally identifiable information that we collect through our website about individual consumers who use or visit our website and the categories of third-party persons or entities with whom such personally identifiable information may be shared. For purposes of the CalOPPA, the term “personally identifiable information” means individually identifiable information about an individual consumer collected online by us from an individual and maintained by us in an accessible form, and may include any of the following: (1) a first and last name; (2) a home or other physical address, including street name and name of a city or town; (3) an email address; (4) a telephone number; (5) any other identifier that permits the physical or online contacting of a specific individual; and (6) information concerning a user that the web site collects online from the use, and maintains in personally identifiable form, in combination with an identifier described within this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions or wish to request for the removal of your personal information, please email us at privacy@etatechnology.in.
2.2.2
Do Not Track Provision under CalOPPA
We have not implemented any technology that would effectively recognize do-not-track signals and note that some content available on our site is made available through relationships with third party providers who we do not control and who may have collect and/or disclose personally identifiable information.
For more details about tracking and possible ways of disabling it, please refer to our Cookie Policy Section.
Section 3. How we may gather your data
Activity
Types of Data
Purpose
Lawful basis
Using an enquiry form/Sending us an email/reaching out to us on phone
Name, email address, phone number, and other information from the queries you share with us.
to respond to your enquiry/feedback/other comments
fulfilling a contract with you
eg. Providing details for a quote you requested
ETA Technology Newsletter
Email Address
to send you regular newsletters and to alert you of our products, services and events.
You can unsubscribe from this service at any time via a link in the newsletter or mailing us at
privacy@etatechnology.in
.
Consent / Legitimate interests
Section 4. How we use your data
4.1
Compliance with our Privacy Policy
We use the information we collect only in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
4.2 Use of personal information
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may use your Personal Information to:
Enhance your browsing Experience
Send you marketing information, that may be of interest to you, via post, or emails
Send you promotional information, based on your interests
Update you about any changes to our Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy or other legal agreements
Meet legal requirements
4.3
Legal Basis for collecting your personal Information (for EEA users)
If you are a user/customer located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), you may contact us at privacy@etatechnology.in.
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you.
We will make it clear at the relevant time, if we ever request any personal information from you, to comply with a legal requirement or fulfill a contract with you. We will also inform you whether or not it is mandatory to provide us with this information, as well as the consequences of not providing your personal information to us. In case we collect and use your personal information for the legitimate interests of our company or those of any third party, we will inform you about those legitimate interests, at the relevant time.
4.4
Social Media (Features) And Widgets
Our websites include links to social media websites Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and YouTube. Clicking on these buttons will take you to their respective websites. Your interactions with these sites are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
4.5 Links to Other Sites
Even though our Sites contains links to other sites, we are not responsible for the content, links or privacy on any of those sites. We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy applicable to those sites before accessing them.
4.6 Disclosure
No personal data will be disclosed to third parties without your express permission. However, we may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service. In the event that ETA Technology becomes legally obligated to disclose information obtained from consumers pursuant to legal or administrative process, ETA Technology will take all reasonable steps to remove personal information from the data where possible.
Section 5. How we protect information
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. The security systems that we maintain, in order to protect all forms of personal information, is appropriate to the size, scope and type of our business, the resources available to us, the amount of stored data, and the need for security and confidentiality of the personal information we store. However, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee total security of our stored information, or the information that you submit over the internet. Please take all possible measures of security such as changing passwords frequently, using a secure browser and anti-virus software.
Section 6. How long do we retain your data
ETA Technology will retain your personal data only as long as it is necessary for us to continue to provide you with our services and products. We may need to retain data for accounting, legal and tax purposes. In case of personal data that we use for marketing, we will keep it as long as we are able to market to you, or until you choose to opt-out / withdraw your consent.
Section 7. Consent
7.1 Children
We do not collect and/or process any data from children below the age of 16 years (or a lower age limit, depending on the local laws), either knowingly or intentionally. If you are below the age of 16 years (or the age limit as per your local laws), please do not use the website or provide any personal data to us. Whoever holds the parental responsibility for the child must provide their consent in order for the child to continue using our website and sharing their personal data with us. Children are granted the same rights as mentioned under the “Your rights regarding your personal data” section.
If you are a parent of a child below the age limit as per your local laws, and have become aware that your child has shared their personal data with us, please get in touch with us at privacy@etatechnology.in so that we can take reasonable steps to remove their personal data from our records.
7.2 How we get your consent
When you provide us with personal information when submitting an enquiry(through website, phone etc.), or access our website, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
7.3 How you can withdraw your consent
You may withdraw your consent for the collection, use and/or disclosure of your personal information in our possession or control by submitting a request. If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at any time, by contacting us at privacy@etatechnology.in
We will process your request within a reasonable time from when the request was made.
7.4 How can I correct, update or delete my information?
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information, please feel free to write to us at privacy@etatechnology.in
Section 8. Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy tells you about the cookies that we use on our website, how they help us give you a better browsing experience and what options you have, as a user of our website, with respect to the cookies.
8.1 What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are stored in your device that you use to access our website. When you revisit the site, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser.
8.2 What types of cookies we use and how we use them
Cookies may be either First or Third Party Cookies
First-party cookies
– cookies set by us (ETA Technology) on our website or by a third party at our request, at the time of your visit;
Third-party cookies – cookies that are set on our website by a party other than that the above parties (e.g. chat services, analytics).
Cookies can also be categorized as session and persistent cookies.
Session cookie
Session cookies remain only as long as a browsing session is active, and are intended to avoid user inconvenience during browsing. These cookies allow websites to link the actions of a user during a browser session and expire at the end of the browsing session (i.e. once you close the browser tab). Session cookies also assist the user in navigating the website, and allow the user to access secure parts of the webpage when logged in.
Persistent cookie
Persistent cookies are stored on a user’s device even after termination of a browsing session. It helps in recalling the preferences or actions of the user. Persistent cookies are used for a variety of purposes such as retaining the visitor’s language and regional preference(s) at the end of each browsing session.
8.3 Specific types of first and third party cookies that we use:
Essential cookies : We may use essential or technical cookies on our website. These cookies are necessary for providing you with our website pages as requested by you.
Performance or analytics cookies : These cookies help us understand how our users use our website and track any error messages that occur. They also include analytics cookies, that help us understand and enhance the performance of the website. This category does not include behavioural/targeted advertising cookies. These only serve to continually analyse and improve how our website performs.
Functionality cookies : These cookies will help us remember your choices, such as your language preferences and personalise your experience. When you come back to our website, we can continue to provide you with the same experience. These cookies may collect anonymised data and cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Marketing cookies : These are cookies that are used by third parties across websites, that try to provide content relevant to each individual user, possibly display advertisements relating to the same and supress repeated advertisements. Often these targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organizations, such as YouTube and social media websites.
Email Beacons: Our email newsletters may also provide us with information regarding whether or not the user opened it, clicked on any of its content or forwarded it. We use it to ensure that we are delivering the kind of content that is relevant to you.
8.4 Third Party cookies
We may use services of third-party analytics service provider to analyze cookies, to carry out a behavioural analysis, in order to understand what interests our users across demographics, enhance user experience, convenience, and also to provide targeted and relevant content to visitors.
Our website uses cookies form the following Service Providers, the details of which are provided below: –
Tawk.to
Our website has an integrated Tawk.to app which is used to provide another interface for us to respond to user queries. For further details of how your data may be used, please visit Tawk.to Privacy Policy
Google Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States ( “Google”). Based on your prior consent, Google uses cookies to analyse your use of our website on our behalf. The information collected by Google in connection with your use of our website (e.g. the referring website, which of our webpages you visit, your browser type, your language settings, your operating system, your screen resolution) will be transmitted to a server of Google in the US, where it will be stored and analysed; the respective results will then be made available to us in an anonymized form. In this process, your usage data will not be connected to your full IP address.
We have activated on our website the IP anonymizing function offered by Google, so that the last 8 bits (type IPv4) or the last 80 bits (type IPv6) of your IP address are deleted. Moreover, Google is certified under the EU-US
Privacy Shield
, which ensures an adequate level of data protection with respect to the processing of data by Google in the US.
Please visit
Google’s Partner Privacy Page
to understand how your date may be used and to understand the options for opting out.
For further information on Google Analytics please refer to the
Google Analytics Terms of Service
, the
Google Analytics security and privacy principles
, and the
Google Privacy Policy
.
8.6 How you can control cookies
You may exercise control over whether you want to accept or reject cookies. If you disable cookies, certain parts and functions of our website may not be available. Here are the ways in which you may opt-out of cookies:
Opting out through your browser
You may change the settings of your browser to delete existing cookies or prevent future cookies from being automatically accepted.
Instructions for blocking or allowing Cookies in Popular Web Browsing Software
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Firefox
Google Chrome for Desktop
Google Chrome for Android
Apple Safari on OS X/macOS
Apple Safari on iOS
Note: If you are using a browser that is not listed here, please do a quick internet search on how to block cookies and tracking for your specific browser.
You can learn more about cookies at www.aboutcookies.org
Opting out on your Mobile Devices
Your mobile device may allow you to limit the information that you share, typically under Browser Settings>Cookies>Disable. You may also deny access to specific information to particular websites like location, camera, microphone etc. under the settings page.
Opting out of Google Analytics
You may opt out of Google Analytics by using the browser add-on
available here.
The add-on can be used with Microsoft Internet Explorer 11, Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari and Opera. Disabling Google Analytics will have no direct effect on your browsing experience.
Opting out of other third party cookies
To opt out any other third party cookies, please refer to their respective cookie policies and opting-out procedures.
You may visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
or
http://www.youronlinechoices.com
. You may opt out by clicking here: http://preferences.truste.com/ (or if located in the European Union, by clicking here:
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
).
Note: The website may not perform adequately if essential cookies are disabled.
Section 9. Changes to This Privacy Policy
ETA Technology may change data privacy practices and update this privacy Policy statement as and when the need arises, and the same will be made available on our website. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. But our commitment to protect the privacy of website users will continue to remain.
Close Menu
Products
Solid Phase Welding
Rotary Friction Welding Machines
Friction Stir Welding Machines
Friction Surfacing Machines
Linear Friction Welding Machines
Upsetting And Forging Solutions
Electrical Upsetting Machines
Servo Controlled Positive – Drive Screw Press
High Speed Production Cell for Engine Valve Forgings
Special Purpose Machines (SPMs)
Special Purpose Machines (SPM) for Engine Valves
Ball Turning and Burnishing Machine
Commutator Slotting Machine
Shaft Straightening Machine
Duplex Milling Machine
Test Rigs
Deformation Apparatus
Configurable Test Rig
Universal Test Rig for Aircraft Landing Gear EOL Testing
Calibration Rig for Instrumented Wheels
3-Axis Durability Test Rig for Automotive
Dynamic Force Exciter for Structural Modal Analysis
6 Stations Boot Testing Machine
Accelerator Pedal Module Active Endurance
Ball Joint Elasticity Test Rig
Ball Joint Endurance Test Rig
Ball Joint Torque Test Rig
Gear / Vane Pump Test Rig
Hub Rotation Durability Test Rig
Functional Test Rig for Steering Gear
Web Vehicle Sensing Test Rig
Steering Gear Yoke Setting Rig
Technology
Rotary Friction Welding
The Process
Testing Weld Strength
Applications
Services
Annual Maintenance Contracts
Product Service and Repairs
Manufacturing Services
Upgrades, Buyback and Extensions
Download Brochures
Clientele
Company
About Us
Dealers
Innovation Centre
Gallery
ETA Video Gallery
Careers
Internship
ETA Blog
Industry News
Let’s Talk
0
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok, I acceptNoPrivacy policy
You can revoke your consent any time using the Revoke consent button.Revoke cookies