http://eu.genevalab.com/privacy-policy/
Products
DeCon
icon-TS-final
Touring/xS
icon-TS-final
Touring/S+
icon-Tm-fin-01Touring/M
icon-TL-finTouring/L
icons-thickerAcustica
icons-thicker
Acustica/Lounge Radio
icons-thicker
Cinema+
Find a Store
Support
Contact
Overview.
Geneva Lab’s privacy policy covers the collection and use of personal information that may be collected by Geneva Lab anytime you interact with Geneva Lab, such as when you visit our website, when you purchase Geneva Lab products or when you call our sales or support associates. Please take a moment to read the following to learn more about our information practices, including what type of information is gathered, how the information is used and for what purposes, to whom we disclose the information, and how we safeguard your personal information. Your privacy is a priority at Geneva Lab, and we go to great lengths to protect it.
Why we collect personal information?
Why do we collect your personal information? Because it helps us deliver a superior level of customer service. It enables us to give you convenient access to our products and customer services. In addition, your personal information helps us keep you posted on the latest product announcements, and events that you might like to hear about. If you do not want Geneva Lab to keep you up to date with Geneva Lab news and the latest information on products and services simply send an email to privacy@genevalab.com with the word unsubscribe as the subject.
What informations we collect?
There are a number of situations in which your personal information may help us give you better service. For example, we may ask for your personal information when you’re discussing a service issue on the phone with an associate, downloading materials from our site, participating in an online survey, registering your products, or purchasing a product. At such times, we may collect personal information relevant to the situation, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and contact preferences; your credit card information and information about the Geneva Lab products you own, such as their serial numbers, and date of purchase; and information relating to a support or service issue. We may collect information for market research purposes — to gain a better understanding of our customers and thus provide better products. We also collect information regarding customer activities on our website. This helps us to determine how best to provide useful information to customers and to understand which parts of our websites are of most interest to them.
Why we disclose your information?
Geneva Lab takes your privacy very seriously. Be assured that Geneva Lab does not sell or rent your contact information to other marketers. To help us provide superior service, your personal information may be shared with legal entities within the Geneva Lab group globally who will safeguard it in accordance with Geneva Lab’s privacy policy. There are also times when it may be advantageous for Geneva Lab to make certain personal information about you available to companies that Geneva Lab has a strategic relationship with or that perform work for Geneva Lab to provide products and services to you on our behalf. These companies may help us process information, extend credit, fulfill customer orders, deliver products to you, manage and enhance customer data, provide customer service, assess your interest in our products and services, or conduct customer research or satisfaction surveys. These companies are also obligated to protect your personal information in accordance with Geneva Lab’s policies. Without such information being made available, it would be difficult for you to purchase products, have products delivered to you, receive customer service, provide us feedback to improve our products and services, or access certain services, offers, and content on the Geneva Lab website.
At times we may be required by law or litigation to disclose your personal information. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary.
How we protect your information?
Geneva Lab takes precautions — including administrative, technical, and physical measures — to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
The Geneva Lab Online Store uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption on all web pages where personal information is required. To make purchases from the Geneva Lab Online Store, you must use an SSL-enabled browser. Doing so protects the confidentiality of your personal and credit card information while it’s transmitted over the Internet. We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties.
You can help us by also taking precautions to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. Change your passwords often using a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use a secure web browser.
Integrity of your personal information.
Geneva Lab has safeguards in place to keep your personal information accurate, complete, and up to date for the purposes for which it is used. Naturally, you always have the right to access and correct the personal information you have provided. You can request a copy of your personal information, your product registration history, and your interactions with our sales and support agents by contacting us at the email address privacy@genevalab.com
Cookies and other technologies.
As is common practice on many corporate websites, Geneva Lab’s website uses “cookies” and other technologies to help us understand which parts of our websites are the most popular, where our visitors are going, and how much time they spend there. We also use cookies and other technologies to make sure that our online advertising is bringing customers to our products and services, We use cookies and other technologies to study traffic patterns on our website, to make it even more rewarding as well as to study the effectiveness of our customer communications. And we use cookies to customize your experience and provide greater convenience each time you interact with us.
As is true of most Web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Geneva Lab will not use the information collected to market directly to that person.
In some of our email messages we use a “click-through URL” linked to content on the Geneva Lab website. When a customer clicks one of these URLs, they pass through our web server before arriving at the destination web page. We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. If you prefer not to be tracked simply avoid clicking text or graphic links in the email.
In addition we use pixel tags — tiny graphic images — to tell us what parts of our website customers have visited or to measure the effectiveness of searches customers perform on our site.
Pixel tags also enable us to send email messages in a format customers can read. And they tell us whether emails have been opened to assure that we’re only sending messages that are of interest to our customers.
Our companywide commitment to your privacy.
As we said, Geneva Lab takes protecting your privacy very seriously. To make sure your personal information is secure, we communicate these guidelines to Geneva Lab employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company. In addition, Geneva Lab supports industry initiatives — such as the Online Privacy Alliance and TRUSTe — to preserve privacy rights on the Internet and in all aspects of electronic commerce. And we do not knowingly solicit personal information from minors or send them requests for personal information.
Geneva Lab’s website has links to the sites of other companies. Geneva Lab is not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies.
Privacy questions.
If you have questions or concerns about Geneva Lab’s Customer Privacy Policy or data processing, please send an email to privacy@genevalab.com — the Geneva Lab Data Controller in your region will respond to your inquiry within 30 days.
Geneva Lab may update its privacy policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated privacy policy.