https://eurasian.com/privacy.html
Home | About | Contact |
Factory | Granite | Memorials | Quarry | Videos
Granite Exporter Of Essentials + Exotics
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Eurasian. We do not collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) when you visit our site as a visitor.
If you register on our site as either a supporter or a customer, the information you submit is used only to provide information and services that you have requested. We do not pass on your details to anyone else unless required to do so by law.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
This website was updated 1st April 2018 to comply with the GDPR (Opens in new window) effective 25th May 2018.
Cookie Policy
Eurasian does not plant any cookie, our Cookie Policy may be found here:
https://eurasian.com/cookies.html
Third Party Advertiser Cookies
We may use third party services to serve Non-Personalised ads on our site such as Google Adsense.
Non-personalised ads are targeted using contextual information rather than the past behaviour of a user. Although these ads do not use cookies for ads personalisation, they do use cookies to allow for frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting, and to combat fraud and abuse.
Your continued use of this website implies consent for these cookies, if you do not wish to view non-personalised ads, please feel free to leave this website.
To opt-out of targeted/behavioural ads from this network please follow the link below:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/managing (Site opens in new window)
Web Beacons
Eurasian does not use web beacons.
Google Analytics
Eurasian does not use Google Analytics.
Personal Information
You control the amount and type of information you provide to us when using our website. As a visitor to our website you can browse our website to find out more about us. You are not required to provide us with any PII (Personally Identifiable Information) as a visitor.
You may choose to give us personal information, such as your name and address or e-mail id that may be needed, for example, to correspond with you, to process an order or to provide you with a subscription.
If you tell us that you do not want us to use this information as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your wishes.
Childrens Data
While none of Eurasian's websites are directed towards children, we are committed to comply with applicable laws and requirements, such as the United States’ Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) (Opens in new window).
Privacy Technology
Technology will increasingly help you to have more control over your personal information. It will also help organisations to manage their privacy practices and policies. As an information technology provider, Eurasian actively supports the development of privacy technologies to help achieve these goals, and to help create greater trust and confidence in the way personal information is handled. Products and services are available which can help give you privacy protection while navigating the web.
See http://www.w3.org/P3P/ for an overview of the Platform for Privacy Preferences (P3P) Project.
Please note that Eurasian has not formally evaluated all of these tools.
Links To Other Websites
Our Website may contain links to other websites. You understand that these websites are not under our control and are not subject to our Privacy Policy.
These websites will likely have their own privacy policies.
We have no responsibility for these websites and provide links to these websites solely for your convenience.
You acknowledge that your use and access of these websites is solely at your own risk.
It is your responsibility to check the privacy policies of these websites to see how they treat your personal information.
Protecting The Privacy Rights Of Third Parties
We believe in everyone’s right to privacy.
If any posting you make to our website contains information about third parties, you need to make sure you have permission to include them in your posting. While we are not legally liable for the actions of our users, we will remove any postings for which we are notified that such postings violate the privacy rights of others.
Notification Of Changes
This privacy statement was last updated on April 1st, 2018. A notice will be posted on our web site home page for 30 days whenever this privacy statement is changed.
Further Questions
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the Eurasian site co-ordinator (info@leakes.com) for clarification or at:
Customer Information Privacy Practices
Eurasian
PO Box No 4 Gospelgate
Louth
Lincolnshire
LN11 9JX
United Kingdom
Home | Cookies | Legal | Payments | Privacy | Products | Search | Sitemap | Videos
All Rights Reserved © 1994 - 2020