https://europump.net/menu-footer/privacy-policy
Europump European Association of Pump Manufacturers
About Us
Membership
Contact
members
Membership
Industry Profile
Structure
Trade
Challenges & Opportunities
Pump Types
Pump Products
Pump markets
Water
Sustainability
Energy policy
Ecodesign
Ecopump brochure
Ecopump
Publications
Position papers
Guides and Guidelines
News/Events
Archives
Contact
Home >> Privacy Policy
Your name :
Your email address :
Your friend's email address :
Message :
https://europump.net:443/menu-footer/privacy-policy
SCIP Database: Industry writes to Commission President von der Leyen
7 September 2020 - Europump joins the European Commission ATEX Expert Group
Europump Annual Meeting 2020
Privacy Policy
EUROPUMP Privacy Statement website
Brussels, 24.05.2018
EUROPUMP, The European Association of Pump Manufacturers, takes personal data protection very seriously. We comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation and e-Privacy Regulation. Please read our privacy policy carefully for a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your personal data on our website.
Do we use 'cookies'?
This website uses ‘technical’ cookies that do not track users and serve the website’s normal functionality.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personal information to outside parties.
Google
We have not enabled Google AdSense on our website.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. (‘Google’). Google Analytics uses cookies stored on your computer that enable analysis of your usage of the website by you.
Further information on the conditions of use and data protection of Google Analytics can be found here https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html.
Google Analytics captures your IP address anonymously.
Youtube
This website may embed videos from Youtube.
Further information on the conditions of use and data protection of Youtube can be found here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honour Do Not Track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioural tracking?
We do not allow third-party behavioural tracking.
Personal data breaches
In order to comply with the General Data Protection Regulation, if a personal data breach is likely to result in a high risk to the rights and freedoms of natural persons, we will communicate the personal data breach to the data subject as soon as possible via email.
Should any changes to this data protection declaration occur, they will be published on this website together with the date of the change
© The European Pump Industry
Privacy Policy
Contact us
Site map
Europump Association