https://evident.ca/privacy/
Toggle navigation
Home
Services
About Us
Team
Portfolio
Contact Us
Privacy
Blog
Reference Materials
Store
Privacy of Data Policy
Effective as of: January 1, 2012
Last Updated: October 26, 2015
Protecting your private information is our priority.
This Privacy Policy applies to Evident: Corporate Investigations (known throughout as Evident) and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Evident: Corporate Investigations include Evident and our website at www.Evident.ca. The Evident website is a News & Information site. By using the Evident website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Governance under P.I.P.E.D.A.
Evident has been designated as an “investigative body” under the Protection of Privacy and Electronic Documents Act of 2004 (P.I.P.E.D.A.). As such, Evident is deemed able to investigate and collect private information of persons suspected of involvement in a variety of civil and criminal legal cases. Evident holds this responsibility in high regard, and as such, has many levels of protection in place to safeguard the personal information that is collected.
External Information Collected – Investigations & Bailiff Operations
Evident: Corporate Investigations is a company that provides investigative services to the corporate, legal and governmental communities of Saskatchewan and Canada. Only information that is relevant to the investigation is collected and that information may be stored both electronically and in hard copies. Information is stored until such time that anticipated litigation is completed or resolved. Financial information is maintained according to guidelines set by the Canada Revenue Agency for tax reporting and auditing requirements.
Evident collects and maintains personal information according to the guidelines in this policy, which, in turn, have been developed according to the principles of the CSA Model Code (found at https://www.cippguide.org/2010/06/29/csa-model-code/). The Code intends to balance the privacy rights of individuals with legitimate data requirements of industries, businesses and institutions:
Accountability – Evident assumes responsibility for the information that it collects and maintains. Our privacy officer is the President of the company, available at (306) 933-3388 or by email at discover@Evident.ca. Subsequently we follow practices and procedures designed to ensure proper collection and safeguarding of people’s personal information.
Identifying Purpose – the primary purpose for which Evident collects personal information is to conduct investigations designed to assist clients with legitimate concerns or suspicions about civil and/or criminal wrongdoing that is not best or easily handled by the regular Police agencies. Often these requests are anticipating some form of litigation. Evidents’ Bailiff Services division also collects and maintains personal information on debtors who have become delinquent on their payments for property they have purchased.
Consent – due to the nature of our business in most cases personal information is collected without the consent of the person whose information is being collected. This has been judged appropriate in State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company v. Privacy Commissioner of Canada, 2010 FC 736 (CanLII). In any situation where seeking consent is appropriate, Evident avows to seek such permission.
Limiting Collection – Evident always collects only that information that is, or could be, relevant to the particular assignment at hand. Due to the nature of the business, it is recognized that often seemingly irrelevant information can often become relevant as more is learned about the particular situation. In spite of this, Evident staff attempt to limit the amount and type of information that is collected, and collection of information is ALWAYS carried out through lawful means.
Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention – Evident follows the Canada Revenue Agency guidelines on the retention of financial data, and uses that guideline to also limit the retention of other data. Information is ALWAYS used only for the purpose for which it was collected, and disclosed only to the client of the initial engagement or their legal counsel, or to others as required by law. Due to the nature of the business, often personal information is maintained past the end of the investigation in order that it be secured and available for litigation purposes which can occur many, many years later. Clients are encouraged to provide written permission for earlier destruction of personal information. Destruction of physical files and folders is completed annually through an “observed shredding” process that is carried out on site. Certificates of destruction are acquired and maintained. Electronic data is deleted, over-written and verified.
Accuracy – because information collected by Evident is often used for litigation purposes, it goes without saying that the information we collect needs to be accurate and up-to-date. This is always the aim of Evident staff.
Safeguards – both physical, electronic and cyber security elements are in place at Evident with the intent of protecting any and all personal information that is collected. Quarterly security analyses are conducted across systems to ensure that appropriate processes and policies are being followed. Staff are made aware at each weekly staff meeting of the importance of discretion and data security in our business.
Openness – Evident maintains an open approach to the dissemination of its internal policies and guidelines, however the personal information we collect is subject to sharing only upon certain conditions. In most cases, those conditions are only met when we are instructed, in writing, by our client on any one particular assignment, to share information with appropriate people, be they the subject of the investigation, outside counsel or the courts.
Individual Access – due to the nature of our business, individuals seeking what personal information we may have on them, need to do so through appropriate legal means. Because we only collect information when requested to do so by an entity in a positive legal position to request that we collect such information, we only release that information when required to do so by either our client, or appropriate legal mechanisms.
Challenging Compliance – Evident remains open to the idea of a challenge to its compliance to these principles, however, again due to the nature of our business we can only accept such a challenge if it will not violate the trust which our clients place in us, and that it does not result in an inappropriate release of information.
Website & Electronic Data Gathering
Collection of your Personal Information
We do not collect personally identifiable information from the users of our website. We may gather personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Evident. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Evident website.
Evident encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Evident so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Evident is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Evident website.
Use of Cookies
The Evident website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Evident pages, or register with Evident site or services, a cookie helps Evident to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Evident website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Evident features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Evident services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Evident secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
Children Under Thirteen
Evident does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from Evident by contacting us here:
– Web page: www.Evident.ca
– Email: discover@Evident.ca
– Phone: (306) 933-3388
Internal Information Collected – Employees and Clients
As a matter of business Evident regularly collects personal information regarding its employees and clients. Often, client information is more generic in that it includes business contact information moreso than personal information, but for the purposes of this policy it is all considered “internal information”.
Employee Information
In order to operate the business, Evident collects personal information on its employees that includes at a minimum name, address, phone number, date of birth and Social Insurance information. In most cases banking information, and periodically, medical and health information is also required. Physical employee information is stored separately in a locked and alarmed office, and employee electronic data is maintained on a separate partition locked down under the same protocols as all other data. Employee information is only released to particular employees or to those whom they designate in writing, or as required by law.
Client Information
In order to operate the business, Evident also collects client information as it relates to contact personnel, reporting and billing. This information includes, at a minimum business name, contact name, business address, email and telephone numbers. In many cases there may also be financial data for the purposes of billing. Physical client information is stored separately in a locked and alarmed office, and employee electronic data is maintained on a separate partition locked down under the same protocols as all other data. Client information is never released except as required by law.
Breach of Security Procedure
Physical Data
In the event of a physical breach of our premises and/or of our data, an investigation will be immediately begun. An immediate report will be made to the Saskatoon Police Service and they may also initiate an investigation. Our internal investigation will examine all aspects of security that appear to have been violated in each case (perimeter security, locks and key-control, alarm system, CCTV camera coverage) to determine the methodology of the breach and any gaps found to exist will be immediately rectified. If possible, any data that was affected will have its client determined and notification will be made to that client. Additional response will be determined in consultation with each affected client.
Date of Last Physical Breach: October 2008, external building was broken into. No records or data were stored there. Alarm sounded and intruders departed. Camera footage provided to Police. No loss.
Electronic Data
In the event of an electronic breach of our systems, and in particular if it is suspected that any stored information was accessed, copied, removed or deleted, an immediate investigation will be begun. An immediate report will be made to the Saskatoon Police Service and they may also initiate an investigation. Our internal investigation will examine all aspects of electronic data security that we have in place (passwords, SSL encryption, TLS, data logs, etc.) to determine the methodology of the breach and any gaps found to exist will be immediately rectified. If possible, any data that was affected will have its client determined and notification will be made to that client. Additional response will be determined in consultation with each affected client. Once the systems have been tested positive once again, they will be reconnected and operations will resume as soon as possible.
Date of Last Electronic Breach: Never.
Changes to this Statement
Evident will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and customer feedback. Evident encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Evident is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Evident welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Evident has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Evident at:
Canada Post:
Evident: Corporate Investigations
P.O. Box 2002
Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, S7K 3S7
Email Address:
discover@Evident.ca
Telephone number:
(306) 933-3388
Effective as of January 01, 2012
Last Updated: October 26, 2015
Back to top
Skip to toolbar
About WordPressWordPress.orgDocumentationSupportFeedbackLog In