https://exberry.com/conditions-and-policies/privacy-and-cookie-statement
Back to Conditions and policies
At GNT we respect the privacy of our on-line visitors. At the same time we continuously work to improve our website according to our users' needs and interests, and for that purpose we collect and use information from you on a limited scale. The following is the legal way to express that you are most welcome to visit our website and interact with us online, what rules apply to your visit and our communication and how we respect your rights.This the Privacy and Cookie Statement for the website gnt-group.com (“Site’). Via this Statement we inform you about the processing of your personal data on our Site. With “we” we mean: GNT Group B.V., located at Industrieweg 26, Mierlo, The Netherlands and its global affiliates.What personal data do we use?What cookies do we use?Do we share your data with others?What security measures do we used to protect your personal data?How long do we save your data?What rights do you have?How can you contact us?1. Personal dataPersonal data is any information that directly or indirectly identifies a natural person. Such information could include a name, e-mail address and the IP-address of your computer. We only process your personal data in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and other applicable data protection law.We process your data for the purposes set out below. We do collect certain personal data trough cookies, please find more information under paragraph 2.In general, all the information we obtain from you at the Site will only be used for the purpose as described below and – where applicable – requested by you, You can edit or delete your data at all times by contacting us as described below in section 8.We will not sell, rent or otherwise disclose any personal information to any company or person outside GNT, without obtaining appropriate permission.Contact formFilling in the contact form is voluntary. In order to answer your questions we use the personal data you provide us via our contact form on the Site, such as your e-mail address and name. We have a legitimate interest for processing this personal data based on article 6(f) GDPR, because we want to be able to provide you with the requested information regarding our products. The provision is not a statutory or contractual requirement or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract. However, if you do no provide the contacting information we may not be able to answer your question.To improve customer serviceThe Personal Data you provide to us (your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address) helps us respond to your customer service requests and your support needs more efficiently. Provision of this information is voluntary. We have a legitimate interest for processing this personal data based on article 6(f) GDPR, because we want to provide customers service the best way we can. The provision is not a statutory or contractual requirement or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.To run a promotion, competition, survey or other Site featureThe Personal Data you provide to us (your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address) helps us further to send you the information about topics we think will be of interest to you.To send periodic emailsVia the Site (or at one of our expo’s, trade shows and events) you can subscribe to our periodic newsletter. Therefor we process your name, email address and topics/ products you are interested in. We may process this personal data based on consent as set out in article 6(a) GDPR. The provision of your data is not a statutory or contractual requirement or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract. However, if you do not provide these contact details, we cannot send you the newsletter Via a link in the newsletter you can always unsubscribe from receiving any newsletter.2. COOKIESWe use “cookie” technology, and other similar technologies, to collect additional website usage data and to enhance the user experience. A cookie is a simple and small file that is stored on your device, for example to offer the basic functionality of the website, to remember your settings and preferences and for statistical purposes. Different types of cookies exist, depending on their features and functions, and they might be stored on the users’ devices for different timeframes: session cookies are cancelled at the end of each browsing session; persistent cookies may last up to a certain date that has been pre-set by their owner.We may use the following cookies on the Site:Cookie type Explanation storage time Functional cookies Session cookies Until closure browser Statcounter.com 1 year Drupal visitor language 1 year Cookie-agreed 3 months Analytical cookies ClickDimensions 2 years Google Tag Manager 2 years Advertising cookies Google Tag Manager - Ads/ga-audiences Session Yandex.ru 10 years Statcounter 2 yearsPlease note that we could be required under local law to obtain consent from you for the use of some of the cookie technologies. If so, we will ask you to consent with the placement of the cookies when you enter the Site. If you have consented with the use of cookies, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.You may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, withhold consent, or to get an alert when cookies are being sent. If you do so, we will not place the cookie. Please note though that some parts of the site may not function properly and some services or some of the Site’s functionalities may not be available or work smoothly, and you could be required to modify or manually fill in some information or preferences each time you visit the Site.More information with regard to withdrawal or modification or your consent, activation, deactivation and deletion of cookies can be found in the instructions via the help-functionality of your web browser. Links to the different browsers to modify the cookie settings can be found here:Internet ExplorerMicrosoft EdgeGoogle ChromeFirefoxSafari3. SHARING YOUR PERSONAL DATAWe may share your data with group entities located in- and outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”), such as GNT US, Inc. for the purpose of developing and executing our marketing activities as set out above. We have a legitimate interest to share this data within our group entities based on article 6(f) GDPR.We do not sell, trade, or rent users’ personal identification information to others. We may share your data with third parties that provide database-, server-, maintenance-, security-, or other similar services to us (hereinafter referred to as ‘data processors’). If we provide access to your data, we require the third parties to keep your data confidential and instruct these parties to process this data only on behalf of us.Finally, we may also disclose your data if we believe that the disclosure is required by law, or is in response to a legal request.4. SECURITYWe implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access and against all other forms of unlawful processing. Also, we require our data processors to implement such appropriate technical and organizational measures.5. RETENTION PERIODYour data will be stored no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data is collected unless otherwise required by law. For the purposes of 1 under C and D, we store your personal data for a retention period of two years after your last visit to our Site.6. YOUR RIGHTSYou may contact us by using the contact details at the bottom of this privacy statement, if you wish:to know whether or not we process your personal data;rectify your data;erase your data;restrict your data; and/orus to transmit your data to another organization.We may request provision of additional information necessary to confirm your identity. We will provide information on the actions taken without undue delay and in any event within one month of receipt of the request. That period may be extended by two further months where necessary, taking into account the complexity and number of the requests. We shall inform you of any such extension within one month of receipt of your request, together with the reasons for the delay.You have the right to lodge a complaint with the a supervisory authority if we do not respond in time or for any other reason.7. MODIFICATIONSIt is possible that this statement will be amended in the future. The most recent version will be available at at all times.8. CONTACT USIf you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:GNT Group B.V. Industrieweg 26 5731 HR Mierlo The Netherlands +31 40 7800300 info@gnt-group.com