https://execu-search.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
The Execu|Search Group has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting and maintaining your privacy.
Collecting and using information
The Execu|Search Group collects information from our users at several points on this site. This information is used to help provide relevant information to enhance your experience on our site.
The Execu|Search Group is the sole owner of this information; we will not sell, share, or rent this information in ways other than those described in this statement.
Submit Resume
To apply for a job on this website, you must complete an application form. We use the information you provide on this application to contact you about the job opportunities in which you've expressed interest.
Job Alerts
If you want to receive new job listings by email, you must register for Job Alerts on our website. When you create a Job Alert, you must supply your name, email address, and zip code. We then use this information to send you job listings that match your criteria.
How we use "cookies"
A "cookie" is a piece of data stored on your computer's hard drive that contains information about you. This information makes it easier and faster for you to use our site. With a cookie, you don't have to keep providing the same contact information again and again—the cookie "remembers" it. The cookie also makes it possible for us to enhance your experience on our site, based on your needs and preferences.
You can manage preferences for cookies directly from within your own browser and prevent third parties from installing them. Through the browser preferences, it is also possible to delete cookies installed in the past, including the cookies that might possibly have saved the consent for the installation of cookies by the Execu|Search website. It is important to note that by disabling all cookies, the functioning of this site may be compromised. Users can find information about how to manage cookies in their browser.
Security
The Execu|Search Group takes every precaution to protect the information you've supplied to us. When you submit sensitive information to our website, that information is protected, both online and offline. Our SSL certified website ensures that all data transmitted between the web server and browser remains encrypted. We're also scrupulous about protecting user information offline. Access to all user information, sensitive or routine, is restricted both in our offices and at our hosting facilities. Only those employees who use the information as part of their jobs—recruiters, for example—are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must log in to a password-protected area to access this information. All employees are updated regularly on our security and privacy practices.
Site and service updates
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future with relevant content we think you would be interested in, updates to our company or changes to this privacy policy. Upon taking an action on our site, like applying for a job or signing up for an alert, you will receive an automated email confirming your submission.
About choices and opting out
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do this by unsubscribing via the link at the bottom of informational emails or by logging into your Job Alerts account and deleting your specific alerts.
Notification of changes in our policies
The Execu|Search Group's privacy policy may change from time to time, and your continued use of this site following such changes signifies your agreement to abide by these changes in our privacy policy. We recommend that you review our privacy policy at regular intervals to make sure you continue to agree with its terms.
Protect your personal information
Your Job Alerts account is password-protected. The best way to keep your personal information secure is to keep your password secure. Don't give it to anyone. If you share your computer with others, we recommend that when your interaction with Execu|Search is complete, you sign out of your Job Alerts account and close your browser window. Further, check to make sure cookies do not retain your username and password, which could enable another person to assume your identity and sign on to your account. We make every effort to ensure that your personal information remains secure on our system. Through our SSL certified website, all data you give us is encrypted when transmitted between the web server and browser for additional security. Unfortunately, no data transmission can be guaranteed 100% secure. Therefore, we can't guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us; you transmit this information at your own risk. By using this website, you signify your assent to The Execu|Search Group's privacy policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this policy, please do not use our website.
Contacting this website
If you have questions about these policy statements, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact:
The Execu|Search Group
675 Third Avenue
5th Floor
New York, NY 10017
P: (212) 922-1001
F: (212) 922-0033
Contact Us