https://exegon.com/privacy-and-cookies-policy/
Home
Products
Applications
Specialist Chargers
About Exegon
Contact us
Home / Privacy and Cookies policy
Privacy and Cookies Policy
Exegon Ltd is committed to
protecting your privacy and takes its responsibilities regarding the security of
customers’ information very seriously. This policy explains how Exegon Ltd uses any personal
information that we collect about you, how you can instruct us if you prefer to
limit the use of that information and procedures that we have in place to
safeguard your privacy.
Exegon Ltd seeks to improve its
performance and to both maintain and develop customer relationships. To enable
us to achieve this, we hold information about customers and potential customers
and the products which they have expressed interest in. This information is
used to keep you informed about our products and new developments in the
industry.
Exegon Ltd may
sometimes use such information to obtain feedback on the company’s activities
to help us improve the services we provide.
The
provision of personal data by an individual is a contractual requirement which
is necessary for Exegon Ltd to
perform the service which has been requested. If sufficient data is not
provided then Exegon Ltd may
not be able to fulfil the request by the individual.
The information we
collect and how we use it
You
can access the Exegon Ltd website
(‘the Website’) without giving any personal information except for the dealer
section area.  We gather information in this area to allow us to confirm
your identity and protect your security.
Any
personal data or information which has been manifestly made public by the
individual is not subject to this Privacy Policy. For example if a piece of
information is found on google then it will not be classed as private data and
does not fall within this Privacy Policy.
Online Quote Forms,
Enquiries and Brochure Downloads
Anyone requesting a brochure download will be asked for
their email address and their name. There will also be the option to request a
call back in which case a telephone number is required. If a hard copy brochure
is requested a postal address will be required to send the brochure to.
If you are requesting a quotation for any of our products
you will be asked for your name, email address, phone number and team or
organisation or company name. This will help us to get in contact with you by
both email and phone and to quote the best product for your particular sport or
application.
If you are requesting a service or repair quotation you
will be asked for product details and serial numbers and your name, email
address and phone number in order for us to contact you regarding the service
you are enquiring about.
If you are requesting a call back you will be asked for
your name, your company name, and your phone number so that we can call you
back.
Information required for
online sales
Exegon Ltd requires anyone
purchasing from the website to provide billing and shipping details (where
applicable) and credit/debit card details. This information allows us to
process and despatch your order.
Information held on Exegon
Ltd databases.
Exegon Ltd holds
information about customers and potential customers on its customer
relationship management database which can include name, email address, phone
number and postal address. This information is collected in a number of ways
including during face to face meetings, during phone calls, via email or by
post.
Use of Personal Data
We
process your Personal Data only for specific and limited purposes. We ask only
for data that is adequate, relevant and not excessive for those purposes. We
may use your personal data for administrative purposes relevant to an order or
your commercial relationship with Exegon Ltd. For all contacts that are linked
to customers accounts and all leads that have opted in to be on our mailing
list we may contact you occasionally to inform you of new products, services or
events we think will be of interest to you.
We may send you regular
updates by email.We may send you requested
product information and promotional material.We may use your Personal
Data for market research, marketing and direct selling purposes.We may use your Personal
Data internally to help us improve our products and services and to help
resolve any problems.
We
will not share, sell or distribute your Personal Data to third parties for
marketing and direct selling purposes.
We
will not send any communication to contacts that have opted out of being on our
mailing list except direct communication relevant to an order or their
commercial relationship with Exegon Ltd.
Managing your
Communication Preferences
Exegon Ltd communicates with you
for the purposes of account management, promoting our products and improving
your experience of our products and services. Exegon Ltd is committed to protecting your privacy
and takes its responsibilities regarding the security of your information very
seriously. Should you not wish to receive further communications from us you
will be able to unsubscribe from any email received or contact us directly at
which point your communication preferences will be updated and any contact with
you will be direct communication relevant to an order or relating to your
commercial relationship with Exegon Ltd.
Our use of cookies and
other information gathering technologies
In
addition to the information we collect as described above, we use technology to
collect anonymous information about the use of our Website. For example, we use
technology to track which pages of our Website our visitors view. We also use
technology to determine which Internet browsers our visitors use. This
technology does not identify you personally, it simply enables us to compile
statistics about our visitors and their use of our Website.
Our
Website contains hyperlinks to other pages on our Website. We use technology to
track how often these links are used and which pages on our Web Site our
visitors choose to view. Again, this technology does not identify you
personally – it simply enables us to compile statistics about the use of these
hyperlinks.
We
use this anonymous data to improve the content and functionality of this Web
Site and our e-mail updates, to better understand our customers and markets,
and to improve our products and services.
In
order to collect the anonymous data, we may use temporary “cookies”
that collect the first level domain name of the user and the date and time you
accessed this Website. Cookies by themselves cannot be used to discover the
identity of the user. A cookie is a small piece of information which is sent to
your browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies do not damage
your computer. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a
cookie. This enables you to decide if you want to accept it or not. Our service
provider will also be using cookies through the website.
We
also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to
administer our Website. An IP address is a numeric code that identifies your
computer on a network, or in this case, the Internet. Your IP address is also
used to gather broad demographic information, such as determining how many of
our visitors are from outside of the UK.
We may also perform IP lookups to determine which domain you are coming from
(i.e. aol.com, yourcompany.com) to more accurately gauge our users’
demographics.
If
you do not wish this information to be gathered via cookies please update your
google preferences at www.google.com/adsettings
Disclosure of your Personal Data
We
do not share, sell or distribute your Personal Data with unrelated third
parties except under these limited circumstances: –
We may share or transfer
the information in our databases to comply with a legal requirement, for
the administration of justice, to protect your vital interests, to protect
the security or integrity of our databases or this Website, to take
precautions against legal liability, or in the event of a corporate sale,
merger, reorganisation, dissolution or similar event. Where appropriate,
before disclosing Personal Data to a third party, we contractually require
the third party to take adequate precautions to protect that data. We will
also take all reasonable steps to ensure that the individual is informed
prior to the passing of information.
Data integrity and security
We
strive to maintain the reliability, accuracy, completeness and currency of
Personal Data in our databases and to protect the privacy and security of our
databases.
We
keep your Personal Data only for as long as reasonably necessary for the
purposes for which it was collected or to comply with any applicable legal or
ethical reporting or document retention requirements. Should you wish us to
delete any non-essential personal information we will be happy to do this at
any time, please write or email us at the details below to request this.
Our
servers and our databases are protected by industry standard security
technology, such as industry standard firewalls and password protection.
Any
personal information we have on any contacts relating to a customer account
will be retained for a period of 36 months following the termination of a
commercial relationship. Any personal information held on potential customers
will be retained for 1 year following any campaign in line with ICO preparatory
GDPR guidelines.
The employees who have access to Personal Data shall handle such data properly
and in accordance with our security protocols and strict standards of
confidentiality. Although we take all reasonable precautions to prevent any
loss, misuse, unauthorised disclosure, alteration or destruction of data, we
try to prevent such unfortunate occurrences.
Data access and
corrections
Upon
receipt of your written request and enough information to permit us to identify
your Personal Data, we will disclose to you the Personal Data we hold about
you. We will also correct, amend or delete any Personal Data that is inaccurate
and notify any third-party recipients of the necessary changes. If you wish to
access or correct your Personal Data, please write to us at Exegon Ltd, 1-3
Poulsoms Yard, Strattons Walk, Melksham, Wiltshire, SN12 6JL.
Should
you wish to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority then you are within
your rights to do this and should contact the Information Commissioners Office
at the following link https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
Links to other websites
This
Privacy Policy applies only to this Website. This Website contains hyperlinks
to websites that are not operated by Exegon Ltd. These hyperlinks are provided for
your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the
activities of these third-party websites or any association with their
operators. We do not control these websites and are not responsible for their
data or privacy practices.
We
urge you to review any privacy policy posted on any site you visit before using
the website or providing any Personal Data about yourself.
Your consent
By
submitting your information, you consent to the use of that information as set
out in this Privacy Policy. If we change our Privacy Policy we will post the
change on this page and may place notices on other pages of the Website, so
that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it at all
times. Continued use of the service will signify that you agree to any such
changes.
Owing
to the global nature of the Internet infrastructure, the information you
provide may be transferred in transit to countries outside the European
Economic Area that do not have similar protections in place regarding your data
and its use as set out in this policy. However, we have taken the steps
outlined above to try to improve the security of your information. By
submitting your information, you consent to these transfers.
How to contact Exegon
Ltd
We
welcome your views about our Websites and our Privacy Policy. If you would like
to contact us with any queries or comments please send an email to sales@exegon.com or call 01225 791805.
This
privacy policy will be regularly updated. Latest update May 2018.
Back to top
Exegon.com uses cookies, see more in our Privacy and Cookie policy page
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Cookie Policy
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Cookie Policy
More information about our Cookie Policy
Enable All
Save Settings