https://exhibitsolutions.com/terms-of-use/
Shopping Cart
My Account
Search for:
Search
LIVE EXPERTS ARE AVAILABLE
800-371-7469
Home
Products
Trade Show 8 Foot Displays
Trade Show 10 Foot Displays
Trade Show 20 Foot Displays
Trade Show Island Displays for Larger Exhibits
Trade Show Table Top Displays
Printed Table Covers
Trade Show Banner Stands
Trade Show ipad Kiosks
Trade Show Outdoor Event Displays
Rental Displays
Trade Show Accessories
All Products
Trade Show Exhibit Specials
Artwork
Graphic Design Tips
Digital Guidelines – Trade Show Graphic Digital Guidelines
Upload Art
Quote Request
Blog
About
Contact
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to Exhibit Solutions, Inc.  Please take a few minutes to review these Terms and Conditions. Your purchase of products from us constitutes your agreement to follow these Terms and Conditions and to be bound by them. Exhibit Solutions, Inc. reserves the right to update or modify at any time without prior notice. We encourage you to review these Terms and Conditions whenever you purchase products from us or use our Web Site.
Credit Card Billing
Once the order is reviewed by our staff and all necessary information is gathered, we then charge your credit card. An email receipt will be sent for the amount of items ordered.  A “Paid Invoice” is sent when the order is complete.
Inaccuracy Disclaimer
From time to time there may be information on our Web Site that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, and availability. Exhibit Solutions, Inc. reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice.
In the event that an Exhibit Solutions Inc. product is listed at an incorrect price in error, Exhibit Solutions Inc. reserves the right to cancel any orders placed at the incorrect price. If your credit card has been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Exhibit Solutions Inc. shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Product Guarantee – Warranty Disclaimer
Many of our products offer lifetime manufacturer guarantees. Exhibit Solutions, Inc. as distributor, will make every effort to work with the manufacturer to ensure all repairs and/or product replacements are facilitated in a timely manner. Product replacement is at the sole discretion of the manufacturer. Should Exhibit Solutions, Inc.  be unsuccessful in facilitating the repair, we then will provide the end user with the manufacturer’s contact information so that the end user may seek satisfaction directly from the manufacturer.
Other products on our site are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied.
Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Exhibit Solutions, Inc. or its suppliers.
All Rights Reserved
The content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is the property of Exhibit Solutions, Inc.  We authorize electronically generated copies and print hard copy of products for the sole purpose of placing an order and project planning with Exhibit Solutions, Inc.  Documents that  are copied and/or downloaded made from exhibitsolutions.com are solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Exhibit Solutions, Inc. Any other use, must be authorized by Exhibit Solutions, Inc.  We request that you not  change or delete any product information downloaded from the site.
Artwork  Approval
Custom printed orders require proof approval, only approve after you are ready to start graphic production. Approvals are final, and not reversible.
Return Policy
Exhibit Solutions, Inc. produces special order and custom printed products, including portable & modular displays. Special order product lines cannot be returned or canceled once the order is placed and in production.
We do carry some standard products that may be returned. These products would carry a 20% restocking fee. Items to be returned must be unused in the original packaging.  Exhibit Solutions, Inc. is not responsible for shipping costs or damage on returned items. We suggest to return any items via FedEx or UPS, which will allow the tracking of your package. The shipment should also be insured.  As a reminder, the US Postal Service does not provide tracking service.  Please contact a member of Exhibit Solutions, Inc. to address any individual or unique questions, issues or concerns regarding any of the products and services offered through Exhibit Solutions Inc..
Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including an Exhibit Solutions, Inc. or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content to the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Participation Disclaimer
Exhibit Solutions, Inc. does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Exhibit Solutions, Inc. is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site.  However, Exhibit Solutions, Inc. reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Exhibit Solutions, Inc. in its sole discretion.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Exhibit Solutions, Inc., its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the “Service Providers”) from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Exhibit Solutions, Inc. may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Exhibit Solutions, Inc., Exhibit Solutions, Inc. has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Exhibit Solutions, Inc.. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Exhibit Solutions, Inc. seeks to protect the integrity of its website and the links placed upon it and, therefore, requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Archives
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
Visit Exhibit Design Search See Hundreds of Inlines and Island Solutions Our mission to supply superior trade show products and design services with the highest level of personal attention afforded to every detail.
Learn more
You will be redirected to our design site.
Home
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Artwork
Contact Us
Copyright © 2016. All Rights Reserved.
Managed by Wooassist - Woocommerce Support www.wooassist.com
LIVE EXPERTS ARE AVAILABLE
800-371-7469
HomeProducts
Trade Show 8 Foot DisplaysTrade Show 10 Foot DisplaysTrade Show 20 Foot DisplaysTrade Show Island Displays for Larger ExhibitsTrade Show Table Top DisplaysPrinted Table CoversTrade Show Banner StandsTrade Show ipad KiosksTrade Show Outdoor Event DisplaysRental DisplaysTrade Show AccessoriesAll Products Back
Trade Show Exhibit SpecialsArtwork
Graphic Design TipsDigital Guidelines – Trade Show Graphic Digital GuidelinesUpload Art Back
Quote RequestBlogAboutContact
× Close Panel