https://exindustries.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyYou are here: Home1 / Privacy Policy
Introduction
We have created this statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. We do not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. This policy is your guide to how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our Web site.
Use of Links:
Throughout our Web pages, we provide links to other servers which may contain information of interest to our readers. We take no responsibility for, and exercise no control over, the organizations, views, or accuracy of the information contained on other servers. Creating a text link from your Web site to our site does not require permission. If you have a link you’d like us to consider adding to our Web site, please send an email to info@rosehaven.org with the subject “Link request.”
Use of Text and Images
: If you would like to publish information that you find on our Web site, please send your request to info@rosehaven.org. Where text or images are posted on our site with the permission of the original copyright holder, a copyright statement appears at the bottom of the page. Please email info@rosehaven.org for information about using our logo and images.
Accessibility
: This Web site is designed to be accessible to visitors with disabilities, and to comply with federal guidelines concerning accessibility. We welcome your comments. If you have suggestions on how to make the site more accessible, please contact us at info@rosehaven.org.
Reading or Downloading
: We collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account, or princeton.edu if you are connecting from Princeton University’s domain), the date and time you access our site, and the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked to our site.
We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
Online Profile Updates and Donations
: If you complete the Profile update form and share your personally identifying information, this information will be used only to provide you with more targeted content. We may use your contact information to send further information about our organization or to contact you when necessary. You may always opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the “Opt Out” section below.
Sending us an Email
: You also may decide to send us personally identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail message containing a question or comment, or by filling out a Web form that provides us this information. We use personally identifying information from email primarily to respond to your requests. We may forward your email to other employees who are better able to answer your questions. We may also use your email to contact you in the future about our programs that may be of interest.
We want to be very clear: We will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. Except as might be required by law, we do not share any information we receive with any outside parties.
If you sign up for one of our email lists, we will only send you the kinds of information you have requested. We won’t share your name or email address with any outside parties.
Kids and Privacy:
For children who visit our site, special rules apply. We do not request personal information about children, such as first and last name or street address and city. When kids send email to us, their online contact information (email address) is not used to re-contact them and is not maintained in retrievable form.
Opt-Out or Change Your Contact Information
: Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us through a special online form. You may choose to receive only specific communications or none at all. You may also update your contact information previously provided to us through another online form. You can not remove yourself from our database, but you can prevent unwanted communication.
Questions about our policies:
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us at: info@exindustries.com or 1-(714) 453-2401.
PagesAbout Us
Adaptors & Reducers
Area Classifications
Blog
Breather Drain Vent Plugs for Increased Safety – Flameproof
Cables
Cables for Use in ATEX & Hazardous Locations
Careers
contact us test page
Equipment Grouping
Explosion Protection Methods
Explosion-proof and Flameproof Enclosures for Hazardous Locations
Flameproof & Explosion proof Motor Control Enclosures
Hazardous Area Products
Hazardous Location Cable Glands
Homepage
IECEX
Increased Safety (Ex e) Enclosures & Products
Ingress Protection IP Ratings
Intrinsic Safety Barriers
Linecard
NEMA Ratings
Privacy Policy
Products Directory
Purge Systems and Pressurization Systems
Resources & Links
Site Map
Technical Info
Temperature Ratings
Cable List and Data Sheets
Cable Acronyms & Abbrevations
Pricing & Ordering
Contact Us
Wire Gauge Conversion
Cable Selection Guide
Categories News
Archive May 2020
January 2019
May 2018
January 2016
Careers | Technical Info | Linecard | Resources &
Links | Pricing & Ordering | Terms & Conditions | Contact Us | Articles | Home
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. We do not retain any other information.OKCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy
Accept settingsHide notification only