https://expatfinancial.com/legal-terms-conditions-of-use/
Legal Terms of Use & ConditionsYou are here: Home1 / Legal Terms of Use & ConditionsPLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE AND LEGAL DISCLAIMER CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE. BY USING THE SITE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR AGREEMENT TO THESE TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
Terms of Use
The website located at https://www.expatfinancial.com, including the articles, newsletters and other content therein and provided thereunder (collectively, the “Site”) belongs to TFG Global Insurance Solutions Ltd. (“TFG” “we,” or “us”).  Certain content or features of the Site may be subject to additional guidelines, terms, or disclaimers, which will be posted on the Site in connection with such content or features.  Without limitation to the preceding sentence, your submission of information, including personal information, through or in connection with the Site is governed by the terms of our privacy policy, as may be updated from time to time, available at http://www./ (the “Privacy Policy”).  All such additional guidelines, terms or disclaimers, including our Privacy Policy, are incorporated by reference into these Terms (these “Terms”).
THESE TERMS SET FORTH THE LEGALLY BINDING TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT GOVERN YOUR USE OF THE SITE.  BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THESE TERMS, ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF OR THE ENTITY THAT YOU REPRESENT, AND YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE RIGHT, AUTHORITY, AND CAPACITY TO ENTER INTO THESE TERMS, ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF OR THE ENTITY THAT YOU REPRESENT.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THE PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS, DO NOT ACCESS OR CONTINUE TO USE THE SITE.
Access to the Site
Subject to these Terms, we grant to you a non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, limited license to use and access the Site solely for your own personal, non-commercial use.
Certain Restrictions. The rights granted to you in these Terms are subject to the following restrictions: (a) you shall not license, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, distribute, host, or otherwise commercially exploit the Site, whether in whole or in part, or any content displayed on the Site; (b) you shall not modify, make derivative works of, disassemble, reverse compile or reverse engineer any part of the Site; (c) you shall not access the Site in order to build a similar or competitive website, product, or service; and (d) except as expressly stated herein, no part of the Site may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted, or transmitted in any form or by any means.  Unless otherwise indicated, any future release, update, or other addition to functionality or content of the Site shall be subject to these Terms.  All copyright and other proprietary notices on the Site, or on any content displayed on or in the Site, must be retained on all copies thereof.
TFG reserves the right, at any time, to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Site, in whole or in part, with or without notice to you.  You agree that TFG will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Site or any part thereof.
No Support or Maintenance. You acknowledge and agree that TFG will have no obligation to provide you with any support or maintenance in connection with the Site.
Excluding any User Content (as defined herein) that you may provide, you acknowledge that all the intellectual property rights, including copyrights, patents, trade marks, and trade secrets, in the Site and its content are owned by TFG or TFG’s service partners.  Neither these Terms nor your access to the Site transfers to you or any third party any rights, title or interest in or to such intellectual property rights, except for the limited access rights expressly set forth in Section 1.1. TFG and its service partners reserve all rights not granted in these Terms.  There are no implied licences granted in or under these Terms.
User Content
User Content. “User Content” means any and all information and content that a user submits to, or uses with, the Site (e.g., content in the user’s profile or postings).  You are solely responsible for your User Content.  You assume all risks associated with use of your User Content, including any reliance on its accuracy, completeness or usefulness by others, or any disclosure of your User Content that personally identifies you or any third party.  You hereby represent and warrant that your User Content does not violate our Acceptable Use Policy (as defined herein).  You may not represent or imply to others that your User Content is in any way provided, sponsored, or endorsed by TFG.  Because you alone are responsible for your User Content, you may expose yourself to liability if, for example, your User Content violates our Acceptable Use Policy.  TFG is not obligated to backup any User Content, and your User Content may be deleted from the Site at any time without prior notice.  You are solely responsible for creating and maintaining your own backup copies of your User Content, if you desire.
You hereby grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to TFG an irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free and fully paid, worldwide licence to reproduce, distribute, publicly display and perform, prepare derivative works of, incorporate into other works, and otherwise use and exploit your User Content, and to grant sublicences of the foregoing rights, solely for the purposes of including your User Content in the Site.  You hereby irrevocably waive, and agree to cause to be waived, any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to your User Content.
Acceptable Use Policy. The following terms constitute our “Acceptable Use Policy”:
You agree not to use the Site to collect, upload, transmit, display, or distribute any User Content: (i) that violates any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right; (ii) that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, tortious, threatening, harmful, invasive of another’s privacy, vulgar, defamatory, false, intentionally misleading, trade libelous, pornographic, obscene, patently offensive, promotes racism, bigotry, hatred, or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual or is otherwise objectionable; (iii) that is harmful to minors in any way; or (iv) that is in violation of any law, regulation, or obligations or restrictions imposed by any third party.
In addition, you agree not to: (i) upload, transmit, or distribute to or through the Site any computer viruses, worms, or any software intended to damage or alter a computer system or data; (ii) send through the Site unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of duplicative or unsolicited messages, whether commercial or otherwise; (iii) use the Site to harvest, collect, gather, or assemble information or data regarding other users, including e-mail addresses, without their consent; (iv) interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on servers or networks connected to the Site, or violate the regulations, policies, or procedures of such networks; (v) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Site or to other computer systems or networks connected to or used together with the Site, whether through password mining or any other means; (vi) harass or interfere with any other user’s use and enjoyment of the Site; or (vi) use software or automated agents or scripts to produce multiple accounts on the Site, or to generate automated searches, requests, or queries to, or to strip, scrape, or mine data from, the Site.
We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to review any User Content and to investigate and/or take appropriate action against you in our sole discretion, if you violate the Acceptable Use Policy or any other provision of these Terms or otherwise create liability for us or any other person. Such action may include removing or modifying your User Content and/or reporting you to law enforcement authorities.
If you provide TFG with any feedback or suggestions regarding the Site (“Feedback”), you hereby assign to TFG all rights in such Feedback and agree that TFG shall have the right to use and fully exploit such Feedback and related information in any manner it deems appropriate.  TFG will treat any Feedback you provide to TFG as non-confidential and non-proprietary.  You agree that you will not submit to TFG, for the purposes of providing feedback or suggestions, any information or ideas that you consider or reasonably ought to have known to be confidential or proprietary.
You agree to indemnify TFG and its directors, officers, employees, agents, successors, assigns and service partners, including costs and legal fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of: (a) your use of the Site; (b) your violation of these Terms; (c) your violation of applicable laws or regulations; or (d) your User Content.  TFG reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defence and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate with our defence of these claims.  You agree not to settle any such matter without the prior written consent of TFG.  TFG will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action, or proceeding, upon becoming aware of it.
Third-Party Links & Ads; Other Users
Third-Party Links & Ads. The Site may contain links to third-party websites and services, and/or display advertisements for third parties (collectively, the “Third-Party Links & Ads”).  The Third-Party Links & Ads are not under the control of TFG, and TFG is not responsible for any of the Third-Party Links & Ads.  TFG provides access to the Third-Party Links & Ads only as a convenience to you, and does not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to the Third-Party Links & Ads.  Your use of the Third-Party Links & Ads is at your own risk, and you should apply a suitable level of caution and discretion in doing so. When you click on any of the Third-Party Links & Ads, the applicable third party’s terms and policies apply, including such third party’s privacy and data gathering practices.  You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any transaction in connection with such Third-Party Links & Ads.
Other Users. Each Site user is solely responsible for any and all of its own User Content.  Because we do not control User Content, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for any User Content, whether provided by you or by others.  We make no guarantees regarding the accuracy, currency, suitability, or quality of any User Content.  Your interactions with other Site users are solely between you and such users.  You agree that TFG will not be responsible for any loss or damage incurred as the result of any such interactions.  If there is a dispute between you and any Site user, we are under no obligation to become involved.
Subject to applicable law, you hereby release and forever discharge TFG and its directors, officers, employees, agents, successors, assigns and service partners from, and hereby waive and relinquish each and every past, present, and future dispute, claim, controversy, demand, right, obligation, liability, action, and cause of action of every kind and nature that has arisen or arises directly or indirectly out of, or that relates directly or indirectly to, the Site, including any interactions with, or act or omission of, other Site users or any Third-Party Links & Ads.
Disclaimers
The Site is provided on an “as-is” and “as available” basis, and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, TFG and its directors, officers, employees, agents, successors, assigns and service partners expressly disclaim any and all warranties and conditions of any kind, whether express, implied, or statutory, including all warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, quiet enjoyment, accuracy, or non-infringement. TFG and its directors, officers, employees, agents, successors, assigns and service partners make no warranty that the Site will meet your requirements, will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis, or will be accurate, reliable, free of viruses or other harmful code, complete, legal, or safe.
From time to time, reference may be made on our Site to prior articles or opinions we have published. These references may be selective, may reference only a portion of an article or opinion, and are likely not to be current. As information changes continuously, previously published information and data, and any references thereto, may not be current and should not be relied upon.
Insurance Disclaimer. The content published on the Site is not intended to be an offer to sell or a solicitation in connection with any product or service by TFG in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be unlawful or in which TFG is not qualified to do so. Products and services described on the Site may not be available in all jurisdictions. Please contact TFG for more information about your specific jurisdiction. Potential purchasers of insurance products should check their local laws before buying any insurance product. The insurance policies offered on the Site are not available to citizens currently residing in the United States of America. If you reside in the United States of America and require insurance coverage, please contact us and we will refer you to another associate. The international coverage offered on the Site is not available to residents in British Columbia. If you reside in British Columbia and require international coverage, please contact us and we will refer you to another associate. If you purchase an insurance policy from the United States of America or an international coverage policy from British Columbia, you do so without our consent. The products and services we offer are not available to persons with a policy address in the United Arab Emirates.
The content published on the Site is not intended to be a complete description of all terms, exclusions, and conditions applicable to the products and services described thereon. Complete details of the benefits and plans available through TFG are contained in the policies, schedules, and endorsements of the particular plans and can be obtained from TFG without charge upon request. Final premium and coverage amounts are always subject to underwriter approval.
Please note that certain information you provide to us may be shared with insurance companies in order to obtain a quote, apply or be approved for insurance. Please note that we reserve the right to refuse to provide a quote to you, without providing you with the reason(s) for such refusal. The information upon which quotes are based is obtained from reliable sources, however, the rates produced correlate with the personal data you provide (ages of applicant, dependents, etc.). In addition, the rates charged by insurance carriers may change, and although we are as diligent as possible in keeping our rate tables up to date it is possible that you receive a quote that is not completely accurate. Please read our Engagement Notice before transacting business via or with TFG. Please read our commission disclosure page as all plans sold via our firm pay a commission to TFG.
Your insurance policies are between you and the insurance company that issued the policies, not TFG. You agree to direct all inquiries regarding claims under policies arranged by TFG to the insurance company that issued your policy. All premiums must be sent directly to the insurer and are payable directly to the insurer.
Medical Disclaimer. The contents of the Site are provided to you for informational purposes only. The Site does not provide any medical advice, and no content published on the Site should be so construed or used. We provide general tips on our Site blog or resource page only for informational and suggestive purposes only. Your access, use, or provision of personal or medical information to TFG on the Site does not create a physician-patient relationship between you and TFG. Nothing contained on the Site is intended to create a physician-patient relationship, to replace the services of a licensed, trained physician or health professional or to be a substitute for medical advice of a physician or trained health professional licensed in your jurisdiction. You should not rely on anything contained in the Site, and you should consult a physician licensed in all matters relating to your medical health. You agree that you will not make any health or medical-related decision based in whole or in part on anything contained on the Site or on any web sites that are connected to the Site. We encourage you to consult your medical doctor.
Investment Disclaimer. The Site is not intended to provide tax, legal, insurance or investment advice, and nothing on the Site should be construed as an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation for any security by TFG or any third party.  None of the content on the Site is provided with a view to inviting, inducing or encouraging any person to make any kind of tax, legal, insurance or investment decision.  You are solely responsible for determining whether any investment, strategy, product or service, or any other content on the Site, is appropriate or suitable for you based on your investment objectives and personal and financial situation. You should consult an attorney or tax professional regarding your specific legal or tax situation. You should also consult a qualified licensed professional, such as your financial advisor, broker-dealer or insurance broker, when dealing in any securities or insurance products.
Limitation on Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by law, and subject to the final paragraph in this Section 6, in no event shall TFG and its directors, officers, employees, agents, successors, assigns and service partners be liable to you or any third party for any lost profits or revenues, lost data, business interruptions, costs of procurement of substitute products, or any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages arising from or relating to these Terms or your use of, or inability to use, the Site, even if TFG has been advised of the possibility of such damages.  Access to, and use of, the Site is at your own discretion and risk, and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your device or computer system, or loss of data resulting therefrom.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, and subject to the final paragraph in this Section 6, our liability to you for any damages arising from or related to these Terms, for any cause whatsoever and regardless of the form of the action, will at all times be limited to a maximum of one hundred Canadian Dollars ($100.00). The existence of more than one claim will not enlarge this limit; claims may not be aggregated above this limit.  You agree that our service partners will have no liability of any kind arising from or relating to these Terms.
The exclusions in this Section 6 shall apply to the maximum extent permitted by law, but TFG does not exclude liability for death or personal injury caused by its negligence, fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability which may not be excluded by law.
Term and Termination. Subject to this Section, these Terms will remain in full force and effect while you use the Site.  We may suspend or terminate your rights to use the Site at any time for any reason at our sole discretion, including for any use of the Site in violation of these Terms.  Upon termination of your rights under these Terms, your right to access and use the Site will terminate immediately.  You understand that any such termination may involve deletion of your User Content from our live databases.  TFG will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any termination of your rights under these Terms, including for deletion of your User Content.  The following provisions of these Terms will remain in effect following the termination of your rights hereunder: Sections 2 to 1.5, and Sections 2 to 8.
General
These Terms are subject to occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes, we may notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us, if any, and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on the Site.  You are responsible for providing us with your most current e-mail address.  In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice.  Any changes to these Terms will be effective upon the earlier of five (5) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you, if applicable, or five (5) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on the Site.  These changes will be effective immediately for new users of the Site.  Continued use of our Site following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgment of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
Electronic Communications. The communications between you and TFG are by electronic means, whether you use the Site or send us e-mails, or whether TFG posts notices on the Site or communicates with you via e-mail. For contractual purposes, you: (a) consent to receive communications from TFG in an electronic form; and (b) agree that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that TFG provides to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications would satisfy if it were to be in hardcopy form.
Entire Terms. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding the use of the Site.
A waiver by TFG of any right or remedy under these Terms shall only be effective if it is in writing, executed by a duly authorized representative of TFG and shall apply only to the circumstances for which it is given. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or remedy under these Terms shall not operate as a waiver of such right or remedy, nor shall it prevent any future exercise or enforcement of such right or remedy.  No single or partial exercise of any right or remedy shall preclude or restrict the further exercise of any such right or remedy or other rights or remedies.
Headings and Interpretation. The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. The word “including” means “including without limitation”.
If any provision of these Terms is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of these Terms will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law.
These Terms, and your rights and obligations herein, may not be assigned, subcontracted, delegated, or otherwise transferred by you without TFG’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment, subcontract, delegation, or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void. TFG may freely assign these Terms.  The terms and conditions set forth in these Terms shall be binding upon any assignees.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction. These Terms and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with their subject matter or formation, including non-contractual disputes or claims, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of British Columbia and the laws of Canada applicable therein. You agree that the courts of the Province of British Columbia shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with the subject matter or formation, including non-contractual disputes or claims, of these Terms.
Copyright/Trademark Information. Copyright © 2019 TFG Global Insurance Solutions Ltd.  All rights reserved.  All trademarks, logos and service marks (the “Marks”) displayed on the Site are the property of TFG or the property of third parties, as applicable. EXPAT FINANCIAL & Design is a registered trademark of TFG Global Insurance Solutions Ltd. You are not permitted to use the Marks without our prior written consent or the consent of a third party, as applicable.
TFG Divisions. Expat Financial, GoExpat, Global Travel Insurance, Travel Insurance China, Travel Insurance India, Afghanistan-Insurance.com, Health Cover are divisions of TFG. ExpatFinancial.com, GoExpat.com, Travelinsuranceinda.com, TravelInsurancechina.com Afghanistan-Insurance.com, GlobalTravelInsurance.com and HealthCover.ca are owned and operated by TFG.
Note that all the plans are offered via our site are designed to cater for globally mobile expatriates. As such, they do not meet all the requirements for health insurance plans set out in US healthcare law or local laws in your country of residence, including the Affordable Care Act (ACA), HIPAA or COBRA. You may wish to seek legal advice if you are uncertain as to whether and how these requirements apply to you.
Contact Information. If you wish to contact us in writing, or if these Terms require you to give notice to us in writing, please contact us at info@tfgglobal.com For general inquiries regarding these Terms, please call 604-628-0426
Contact Us 1-604-628-04261-800-232-9415 info@tfgglobal.com
EXPAT FINANCIAL & Design is a registered trademark of TFG Global Insurance Solutions Ltd.
Note: Some of the products and services described or advertised on this site may not be available to residents of certain jurisdictions, depending on regulatory constraints, including Canada and the U.S. Please contact TFG Global Insurance Solutions Ltd. for more information about your specific jurisdiction. If you or your company requires a policy that is billed to the USA, please contact us and we will refer you to a broker located in the USA. The policies we offer via TFG Global Insurance Solutions Ltd. or its related web sites are not available to citizens currently residing in the USA when taking out the policy.
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Statement for Expat Financial
Accept settingsHide notification only