https://expatfinancial.com/privacy-statement-for-expat-financial/
Privacy Statement for Expat FinancialYou are here: Home1 / Privacy Statement for Expat Financial
Privacy Statement for Web Sites Owned by and All Business Conducted with TFG Global Insurance Solutions Ltd.
PRIVACY POLICY
Last revised on October 7, 2019
The website located at https://www.expatfinancial.com (the “Site”) is owned and operated by TFG Global Insurance Solutions Ltd. (“TFG”, “we”, or “us”).
TFG takes your privacy and the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information seriously. TFG may collect, use and disclose certain personal information provided by you, as a user of the Site or a potential customer of our products or services, for the purpose of providing you with insurance and financial products, services and information, including quotes. The collection, use and disclosure of your personal information is governed by this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into the terms of use of the Site, as may be updated from time to time, available at http://www.expatfinancial/ (the “Terms”).
The personal information which we may collect is collected, used and disclosed in accordance with the British Columbia Personal Information Protection Act and, to the extent applicable, the Canada Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act and the General Data Protection Regulations of the European Union.
Personal Information
Personal information is information about an identifiable individual, including without limitation an individual’s name, address, birth date, e-mail address and telephone number.
By providing personal information to us, whether such personal information pertains to you or any other person, and whether such personal information is provided for personal or referral purposes or otherwise, you represent and warrant that you have the right, authority and capacity to provide such personal information to us or that you have received the express consent of any other person to whom such personal information pertains.
Personal Information We May Collect
Generally
When you access the Site, we will learn certain personal information about you during your visit. The Site provides various places for users to provide personal information. We collect personal information that users provide by filling out forms on the Site, communicating with us via quote request forms, contact forms, providing comments or other feedback, and providing personal information when ordering a product or service via the Site. We may also collect personal information you provide us as part of your quote process or application, whether via the Site, by telephone, or e-mail.
It is possible that we may have to ask for details of your physical and mental health in order to obtain information regarding insurance products and services where we have a contractual basis to do so. The insurance partners that we work with may also receive or ask for the above personal information in order to underwrite your insurance coverage. If you do not provide such personal information, we will not be able to advise you or obtain quotes for insurance. Our insurance partners may not be able to process your claims or provide quotes for insurance coverage. The collection of personal information is required in the underwriting process or when underwriting your application for underwriting and insurance. The retention of personal information is also required in order for TFG to properly service and assist our clients after any purchase is made, including advocating on your behalf with insurers.
If you send us e-mail, we may collect your email address, your internet IP address and your message so that we may reply to you. We may also collect any other personal information you choose to provide to us. Sensitive personal information should not be sent to us unencrypted over the internet or by e-mail.
Cookies
When you access and use the Site, information may be automatically collected about your access and use of the Site using temporary cookies, in an effort to provide you with an optimal user experience and to improve the Site. For more information about how the Site uses cookies, please review our cookie policy located at https://www.expatfinancial.com/ (the “Cookie Policy”). By continuing to use the Site, you agree to the use of cookies in accordance with the Cookie Policy. If you do not agree to the use of cookies by the Site, you should not access, use, or continue to use the Site, delete any cookies after having accessed the Site, or use any anonymous usage settings available to you.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
Generally
Except as expressly set forth elsewhere in this Privacy Policy or the Terms, the personal information we collect is only used for the original purposes it was collected or in a manner consistent with those purposes. We may disclose your personal information, to the extent necessary, in the following circumstances:
to third-party insurance partners and suppliers as provided below;
to third-party contractors or service providers that assist in the improvement and maintenance of the Site;
to our affiliates, successors and assigns;
in connection with a corporate transaction such as a merger, consolidation, share sale or asset sale;
in connection with the bankruptcy or insolvency of the TFG or our affiliates, successors and assigns;
to protect the safety of any person or to address fraud, security or technical issues;
to respond to a legal request as provided below; and
as otherwise directed by you.
The personal information we collect from you will not be sold by us to any third-party individuals or entities.
Disclosure of Information to our Third-Party Insurance Partners and Suppliers
The personal information you provide us may be disclosed to third-party insurance partners and suppliers, such as insurance companies, agents, brokers, medical facilities and other organizations we work with to provide products, services and information. We cannot guarantee how these third-parties will use or disclose your personal information. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third-parties, and the use and disclosure of your personal information by these third-parties is not governed by this Privacy Policy.
You acknowledge that your personal information may be transmitted by fax, e-­mail, postal service, courier service or telephone, and we cannot guarantee the security or privacy of the personal information that is transmitted through these channels.
Legal Requests
If we receive a subpoena, warrant, discovery order or other request or order from a law enforcement agency, court, other governmental entity, or litigant that seeks data relating to the Site (collectively a “Legal Request”), we may disclose your personal information to the requesting party, and we will make reasonable attempts to direct that the requesting party seek the requested personal information directly from you. If we ask the requesting party to direct the request to you, we will provide your contact information to the requesting party. If legally compelled to produce information and unless legally prohibited, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you so they can notify you as permitted by law. We will direct any requests for information under data protection laws to you, unless prohibited by law.
Transfer of Information Outside your Jurisdiction
Your personal information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers and servers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and Canada and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the information, including personal information, to the United States and/or Canada and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Protection and Storage of Personal Information
We protect your personal information against unauthorized access or disclosure using industry-standard security arrangements. Access to systems, applications and data is restricted to authorized individuals of TFG only unless otherwise provided herein. Your personal information may be stored in the cloud with secure password access that allows us to back up such personal information to assist in preventing such personal information from being lost or stolen.
The Site has active security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control and the Site is on a secure server (SSL). Any computers and software that contain personal information are kept in our locked offices or are password protected. However, no system is 100% secure and personal information is sent via e-mail to our third-party insurance partners and suppliers.
Control of your Personal Information
Data Quality, Access and Opt-Out Procedure
The Site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:
You can email us via our contact page.
You can send mail to the following postal address: #1500-701 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC V7Y 1C6
You can call the following telephone number: 604-628-0426
All of our communications via e-mail contain an unsubscribe link, but people are free to contact us by phone or e-mail if they do not wish to be contacted by us.
Our newsletter has a clearly labeled unsubscribe button.
You can also opt-out of receiving marketing e-mails or information from us any time via e-mail, post or telephone.
You are free to contact us to ask about personal information that TFG has collected about you, or to correct factual errors in that personal information. However, we cannot assist you with the personal information other companies or individuals may have in their control.
Users from the European Union
The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation and other data protection laws grant you certain rights in relation to your personal information. Where applicable to you, you can:
request access to your personal information and how we process it;
request correction of the personal information that we hold about you;
ask us to delete your personal information;
object to us processing your personal information;
request the restriction (temporarily or permanently) of processing of your personal information;
request the transfer of your personal information to you or to a third-party;
withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal information.
Note that withdrawing your consent to our processing of your information will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. You should also be aware that if you do withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. Where this is the case, we will let you know at the time you withdraw your consent. Please note that even after you have withdrawn your consent we may be able to continue to process your personal information to the extent required or otherwise permitted by law, in particular in connection with exercising and defending our legal rights or meeting our legal and regulatory obligations.
Links to Third-Party Websites
The Site may contain links to third-party websites and services. The privacy practices of third-party websites vary and may differ from the policies stated herein. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of third-party websites, and the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information by those third-party websites is not governed by this Privacy Policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to this Privacy Policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you by email to the email address specified in your account and/or through a notice on the Site home page. The date this Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of this page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Site and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
Questions or Concerns
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or how we collect, uses and discloses your personal information, please contact us at info@tfgglobal.com. For general inquiries, please call 604-628-0426.
Contact Us 1-604-628-04261-800-232-9415 info@tfgglobal.com
EXPAT FINANCIAL & Design is a registered trademark of TFG Global Insurance Solutions Ltd.
Note: Some of the products and services described or advertised on this site may not be available to residents of certain jurisdictions, depending on regulatory constraints, including Canada and the U.S. Please contact TFG Global Insurance Solutions Ltd. for more information about your specific jurisdiction. If you or your company requires a policy that is billed to the USA, please contact us and we will refer you to a broker located in the USA. The policies we offer via TFG Global Insurance Solutions Ltd. or its related web sites are not available to citizens currently residing in the USA when taking out the policy.
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Statement for Expat Financial
Accept settingsHide notification only