https://expatfinancial.com/cookie-policy/
Cookies PolicyYou are here: Home1 / Cookies Policy
Expat Financial International Health Insurance Cookie Policy for All the Web Sites We Own and Operate
What are cookies?
A “cookie” is just small piece of information which is stored on your browser when you visit a website. The cookies recognize your device as you move between pages and can be used for maintaining secure logins to remembering you when you next visit the website. Some cookies are owned by the website you are viewing (‘first-party’ cookies) and others may be supplied by an independent company (‘third-party’ cookies).
Meeting EU Legislation on Cookies
Following the European Union’s revised e-Privacy Directive and to make sure we are protecting our customers’ interests, our firm has updated the cookie policy to be compliant in as many places as possible. Please note that our management, company and servers are based in Canada and do not have to comply with foreign e-Privacy directives and rules. We will continue to monitor and revise based on industry best practice guidelines as closely as is possible. If you do not want the cookies that are used on our site, please do not visit our site or leave site immediately.
Your Expat Financial cookies
We often recommend you leave your cookie settings as it currently is otherwise you may not be unable to navigate through this site, which is owned and operated by TFG Global Insurance Solutions Ltd.
The cookies that have been set up will still be active so if you need to change these, you can do so from your web browser settings. To find out how to do this, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/
In accordance with your employer’s requirements, Expat Financial has created these sites and portals for your use. Please be aware if you deactivate any cookies, you will no longer be able to access them.
Where and how we may use cookies:
Strictly necessary
These cookies are essential for use on our portals. If you delete these our website will not function and we will be unable to provide the service you have actively sought from us. This includes:
Protecting your privacy with confidential access to our Customer Area.
Brief data storage, to communicate with you and to allow you to service your account.
Strictly Necessary – First-Party
Cookie Name
Expiry
Use
JSESSIONID
Session
Security – CustomerAuthentication
aegis-user
Session
Security – CustomerAuthentication
aegis-application-cieb- gss
Session
Security – CustomerAuthentication
PD-H-SESSION-ID
Session
Security – CustomerAuthentication
PD_STATEFUL_3a33adc2-341e-11e2-8014-
2ac9810a890b
Session
Security – CustomerAuthentication
TFG Global Insurance Solutions ltd.-ltm-cookie
Session
To maintain the users session onthe load balancer
org.springframework.web.servlet.i18n.CookieLo caleResolver.LOCALE
Session
To store the user’s locale
PD-S-MBR-SESSION-ID
Session
Security – CustomerAuthentication
envoylanguage
3 months
To store the user’s languagepreference
envoyCookieDirective
1 year
To store the user’s acceptanceof cookies
Performance
These cookies are necessary and allow us to improve your journey and experience on our site. This information is aggregated and anonymous and provides us with key statistics on how customers are interacting with our site. This includes:
Helping us to improve website performance.
Helping you find the products and information you want.
Trialling new content and ensuring consistency across the site.
Helping us track interaction between our site and contact centre.
Cookie Name
Expiry
Use
_ga
2 years
Google Analytics. To track traffic sources and navigation. When visitors reach our site via a search engine result, a direct link, or
an ad that links to our page, Google Analytics stores the type of referral information in a cookie.
TLTSID
Browser Session
TeaLeaf.Provides analytics on the website usage and enables Customer Service Representatives to replicate a user session to assist with errors.
Two cookies are used to establish a session:
•     TLTSID
•     TLTUID
TLTUID
Browser Session
TeaLeaf.Provides analytics on the website
usage and enables Customer Service Representatives to replicate a user session to assist with errors.
Two cookies are used to establish a session:
•     TLTSID
•     TLTUID
TLTtealeafcookie
Browser Session
Tealeaf. Provides analytics on the website usage and enables Customer Service Representatives to replicate a user session to assist with errors.
How to manage and switch off cookies:
Your web browser provides settings that allow you to manage or switch off cookies. If you do switch off cookies, remember that you may not be able to use all of the services on our websites.
Links to sites provided by others:
If you follow a link from one of our websites to another website, it is important that you are aware that the owner of the other website will have their own privacy and cookie policies for their site. We recommend you read their policies as we are not responsible or liable for what happens at their site.
More interesting information about cookies:
Internet Advertising Bureau
All about Cookies
Please contact us via 1-604-628-0426 if you require additional information on our cookie policy. Please also examine our Privacy Policy and Legal Disclosure pages. We can not control the cookies on-site for a visitor – if you do not want to have cookies while browsing our site, please do not visit the site or leave the site immediately. We strongly suggest you read and understand the Privacy Policy and Legal Disclosure on the site before browsing our site.
Revised on July 30th, 2020
Contact Us 1-604-628-04261-800-232-9415 info@tfgglobal.com
EXPAT FINANCIAL & Design is a registered trademark of TFG Global Insurance Solutions Ltd.
Note: Some of the products and services described or advertised on this site may not be available to residents of certain jurisdictions, depending on regulatory constraints, including Canada and the U.S. Please contact TFG Global Insurance Solutions Ltd. for more information about your specific jurisdiction. If you or your company requires a policy that is billed to the USA, please contact us and we will refer you to a broker located in the USA. The policies we offer via TFG Global Insurance Solutions Ltd. or its related web sites are not available to citizens currently residing in the USA when taking out the policy.
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Statement for Expat Financial
Accept settingsHide notification only