http://exploretalent.com/about/kidsprivacy
×
Log In to ExploreTalent
Log In
OR
Connect with Facebook
Remember me
Forgot your password?
Not a member yet?
See why 11.6 million others use the world's largest talent resource
Join Free Now!
Log In
Contact Us 800 934 0000
Join
Auditions & Jobs
Post Audition
Acting Auditions
Modeling Auditions
Dance Auditions
Music Auditions
Crew Jobs
Theatre Auditions
Singing Auditions
Movie/Film Extra Auditions
Post Jobs
CD Sign In
Create Account
Community Post
Search Talents
Search Models & Actors
Search Musicians
Featured Talents
Featured Contestants
Member Video Search
See Who Just Joined ET
Who's Online
Talent Activity Feed
Contests
Videos
Member Video Search
Exclusive Celebrity Interviews
Celebrity Videos
Video Testimonials
Meet the Makers
Meet the Cast
Hip Hop Musicians Advice
More Videos
About Us
About Us
Testimonials
Blog
Tour
Resources
Industry
Rate Talent
Casting Categories Explained
ET is not a SCAM
ET is Legit
Testimonials
Successful Talents
Video Testimonials
Casting Directors
Thank You Letters
Contest Winners
Help
x
You have already added 5 pending applications.
Are you Ready to complete your submission for these jobs?
Project
Role
Added On
Complete your submissions now
Not Yet, Continue Applying
Kids Privacy Policy
ExploreTalent policy regarding usage of the site for minors under 13 (0-12 years old)
Profiles for children under 13 year must be created and used ONLY by a parent or guardian.
We will verify over the phone with the parent/guardian before accepting to use any under 13 personal info. We will not accept any payment transaction from anyone other than the parent or guardian.
We ask for guardian information
during the registration for children under 13 years old.
ExploreTalent policy regarding usage of the site for minors 13-17 years old
We allow users 13 year or older to create their profile, although to make a purchase it must be done by a parent or guardian.
We will not accept any transaction from any customer under 18 years old.
We ask for guardian information during the registration for members 13-17 years old. See our 13-17 years old privacy policy, go to our general privacy policy.
Privacy Policy for Children Under 13
This section only applies to children under the age of 13
This section notifies parents that:
1. The types of information we may collect of children under the age 13.
2. How we use the information we collect.
3. Our practices for disclosing that information is consistent with the other sections of this Privacy Policy.
4. Our practices for notifying and obtaining parents' consent when we collect personal information of children, including how a parent may revoke consent.
5. operators that collect or maintain child information through our Websites.
Parent Consent
We require verifiable consent from a child's parent for any collection, use, and disclosure of the child's personal information via a toll free telephone which is directed to a trained verification specialist. We must speak to a parent or guardian before activating any profile for a child under the age of 13.
Only a Parent or Legal Guardian of a child under the age of 13 years old may create an account on ExploreTalent.com. When creating a Profile on behalf of their child, the Parent or Legal Guardian will be asked to enter their child's date of birth. If the child is under 13 years of age, a popup will ask the parent to call Exploretalenet.com at 800-597-4500,
they must provide their parental consent and at that point we will create a profile for their child and we will send them a link to access the account and create the password.
To protect your privacy and security, we may require you to take certain steps or provide additional information to verify your identity before we provide any information or make corrections.
Description of the personal information collected and how it's used
Child information we may collect
First & last name, date of birth, zip code, ethnicity, Height, weight, sizes, Eye color, Hair color, Pictures, Videos, Special skills, resume, about me, IP address, cookies.
The personal information is collected by parents/guardian entering it or through cookies.
The personal information will be used for matching your child info with casting and auditions and by making it searchable on the website for those who are looking for talent and for casting directors/recruiters.
The personal information will be displayed on the child public profile on the website as well in search results for talent, feature talent, whois online and recent activity.
We do not disclose child personal information collected to third parties.
We ask that you to protect and do not enter any personal contact information or financial information into your child's "Profile" since you may get crank calls & spam emails (also, don't use your address or passcode as your username, or include your phone number, email or address anywhere on massages you may post on the site), because if you do then it may be posted publicly on the Site, and the information will then be treated as "demographic information" that is "public information".
We may collect Parents/guardian's credit card numbers or link you to login to online payment service if you chose to pay for upgraded service.
Your parental rights
Parents/guardian can review their child's personal information, direct us to delete it, and refuse to allow any further collection or use of the child's information.
Parents/guardian can review, change, access, correct or delete their child's personal information by: Logging into your ExploreTalent account and visiting your child's account profile page.
Parents/guardian can agree to the collection and use of their child's information, but still not allow disclosure to third parties unless that's part of the service.
ExploreTalent will not require disclose more child information than is reasonably necessary to participate in an activity.
Parents/guardian can exercise their rights by calling to our Parents/guardian hotline 800-597-4500 or by writing to us via the contact form: https://www.exploretalent.com/requests/index/contact
Web operators that may collect or maintain personal information of children:
ExploreTalent.com https://www.exploretalent.com/requests/index/contact
3395 S Jones Blvd. #15, Las Vegs, NV 89146 -
Toll free: 800-597-4500 M-F 9am-5pm PST
End of section that applies only to the privacy policy of children under the age of 13.
This page and its contained kids privacy policy was originally created on January 3, 2017.
Below are provisions that apply to both under 13 children policy as well as our general privacy policy
Information Other Websites Collect From You
On the Site, we place links to other Websites operated by other parties.
Some of these other Websites contain our brand names and trademarks and
other intellectual property that we own; others do not. When you click
on these links and visit these other Websites, regardless of whether or
not they contain our brand names, trademarks and other intellectual property,
you need to be aware that we do not control these other Websites or these
other Websites' business practices, and that this privacy policy does not
apply to these other Websites. Consequently, the operators of these other
Websites may collect different kinds of information about you, and may
use and disclose that information in different ways than we would if it
were collected on the Site. We encourage you to review their privacy policies
and remind you that we will not be responsible for their actions.
How We Use Personal Information
We use your email address and your other personal information to help
us efficiently operate the Site, to contact you in connection with your
transactions and other activities on the Site (including, but not limited
to, confirmation emails or important news that could affect your relationship
with ExploreTalent.com), and to forward messages to you from other ExploreTalent.com
users. These types of communications are known as "Operational Communications."
In some cases, Operational Communications may also contain commercial messages,
such as banner ads and special offers.
We also use personal information to send you newsletters, information,
offers and other promotional materials for ExploreTalent.com's or third
parties' goods or services. We attempt to send you offers that are of value
to you, such as discounts, exclusive offers or special event information.
The Site provides you with options to decline to receive communications
from ExploreTalent.com (other than those contained in Operational Communications).
Some of these options may only be for a certain category of communications;
others may be more general. By posting a profile on the Site, you are opting
in to receive the ExploreTalent.com by Mail email. To stop receiving ExploreTalent.com
by Mail and stop all automatic notifications login to your Explore Talent
Account go "My Account" > "My Contact Info", check the checkbox "Yes, I
do not want to recieve any automatic notifications" and click "Update"
To operate the Site, including processing your transactions and supporting
your activities on the Site, we may share your personal information with
our agents, representatives, contractors and service providers so they
can provide us with support services such as authorization of credit card
transactions, email origination, receipt or support services, customer
relationship management services, order fulfillment and sweepstakes and
promotional fulfillment. We require these entities not to use your information
for any other purpose.
How We Use Financial Information
We use your financial information to check your qualifications, to bill
you for products and services and to enable you to participate in discount,
rebate and similar programs in which you may elect to participate. By making
a purchase, or engaging in any other kind of activity or transaction that
uses your financial information on the Site, you consent to our providing
your financial information to our service providers and to such third parties
as we determine are necessary to support and process your activities and
transactions, as well as to your credit card issuer for their purposes.
These third parties may include the credit card companies and banking institutions
used to process and support the transaction or activity. By purchasing,
or registering or making reservations for products or services of third
parties offered on the Site, or by participating in programs offered on
the Site that are administered by third parties and that require you to
submit financial information in order to use them, you also consent to
our providing your financial information to those third parties.
How We Use Public Information and Other Demographic Information
We may review all demographic information. We may use public information
to enable other users to find your profile, to determine whether they are
a match for you and to communicate with you. We may use demographic information
to tailor the Site and communications to your interests.
The Site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse
and alteration of the information under our control. Our secure server
software (SSL) is the industry standard and among the best software available
today for secure commerce transactions. We encrypt all of your personal
and financial information as it travels over the Internet and we store
your financial information on our servers in encrypted form. Your information
may be transferred to and maintained on computer networks which may be
located outside of the state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction
in which you reside, and the country or jurisdiction in which these computer
networks are located may not have privacy laws as protective as the laws
in your country or jurisdiction.
Changing our Privacy Policy for Previously Gathered Information
If at any point we decide to use particular personally identifiable information
in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we
will notify users by way of an email or by providing 30 days notice on
the Site. Please note that we will continue to have the right to change
our privacy policy and practices, and how we use your personally identifiable
information, without notice, as described in the first paragraph of this
Privacy Policy, provided that such changes shall only apply to information
gathered on or after the date of the change.
How You Can Access and Update Your Email Preferences, Personal Information
and Public Information
We give you the opportunity to opt-out of certain communications and modify personal
information or demographic information you have provided to us, and to hide demographic
information from, or make demographic information visible to, the public users of the Site,
at anytime by going to the Account Settings or My Profile section of the Site.
Please be aware that it may take several hours for the changes you make to take effect on
the public areas of the Site. We thank you for your patience. Please note that changing or
deleting your information through the "Account Settings" or "My Profile" section of the Site,
or otherwise opting-out of receipt of email communications from ExploreTalent.com,
will only change or delete the data in our database for purposes of future activities on the
Site and for managing future communications from ExploreTalent.com. These changes and deletions
will not change or delete emails or information that we may have already forwarded to other
users or credit card companies or any other third parties, all as provided above in this
privacy policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, the practices
of the Site, or your dealings with the Site, you can
Contact Us
To see our General Privacy policy go to:
https://www.exploretalent.com/about/privacy
Join Now
Create a Free Profile
Click here to see
What we can do For You!
Connect with Facebook
Over 10,000 Monthly Auditions & Jobs
Get weekly Email Auditions & Jobs
Community Buzz
Sign In to Post
11 Members Online
Who Just Joined ET?
Site Activity Feed
Buzz Rules
FAQ:
Before Talent's can chat:
1. Verify your email address
2. Upload Primary image
Rules:
1. No cussing
2. No fighting
3. Do not post website
4. Do not post phone numbers
Disclaimer: Use of ET's Community Buzz chat rooms constitutes agreement with the following guidelines:
Adult Users: By clicking "I Agree," you are acknowledging acceptance of all Explore Talent.com community guidelines and are over the age of 18.
Youth: By clicking "I Agree," you certify you have consent from your parent or legal guardian to participate in the community.
Agree and LogIn
Contest Buzz
Sign In to Post
Buzz Rules
Disclaimer: Use of ET's Contest Buzz chat rooms constitutes agreement with the following guidelines:
Adult Users: By clicking "I Agree," you are acknowledging acceptance of all Explore Talent.com contest guidelines and are over the age of 18.
Youth: By clicking "I Agree," you certify you have consent from your parent or legal guardian to participate in the contest.
Agree and Login
Follow Us
0
Advertisement
Recomandation sent successfully!
This Audition/Job has been added to your Favorites
There was an error! we will fix this asap.
Notification sent successfully
Email sent successfully
Field Removed
Edit was successful!
Message sent successfully!
Message deleted successfully!
Message is empty!
Friend Request Sent
Friend Request Cancelled
Become Fan message sent!
Notification Removed
Friend added successful.
Friend deny was successful.
Compliment sent successfully!
Vote sent successfully!
Already voted.
Email Send Successfully
Email Changed Successfully
Profile Updated Successfully
x
Upgrade to Pro
Submit to an Audition for Free
x
Report Abuse
Send Abuse Report