https://extend.org.uk/terms-and-conditions
Call: (01582) 832760
Online exercise classes
Login
Register
CLASSES
TRAINING
WHO WE ARE
news
CONTACT US
Members
Call Us
×
CALL:
(01582) 832760
TERMS & CONDITIONS
EXTEND Exercise Training Ltd Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how EXTEND Exercise Training Ltd uses and protects any information that is provided to us. EXTEND Exercise Training Ltd is committed to protecting your privacy. The term ‘EXTEND’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 2 Place Farm, Wheathampstead, Hertfordshire, AL4 8SB. Our company registration number is 2305901. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website or member of an EXTEND class.
This policy is effective from 1st October 2019.
How we collect data
We collect data in the following ways:
Through our website
Through phone calls made to us (we will never cold call)
Through a Physical Activity Readiness Questionnaire (PARQ) if you participate in an EXTEND class
Through online and paper-based forms
Information we collect about you
We will typically collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website or manually on paper. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our site, which includes your name, email address, phone number and postal address and also a billing address if appropriate.
Information collected on your Physical Activity Readiness Questionnaire if you are an EXTEND class participant. This includes your name, address, telephone number, date of birth, email (optional), emergency contact and your GP contact. This information is collected by qualified EXTEND Teachers and is kept securely at all times.
Information collected to gather and analyse evidence of the impact of EXTEND activities. This may include data about physical and cognitive function and social wellbeing. Measures are non-invasive and completely optional.
If you contact us, we will keep a record of that correspondence.
Uses made of this information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To notify you about changes to our services.
To communicate with you during the course of providing our services, for example with your enquiries and any complaints.
To improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalized service.
Internal record keeping.
Invoicing purposes.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Who your information will be shared with?
We will NOT contact any third parties with your data without first obtaining your permission except as described below.
We share your information with our teachers, including your name and email address, only if you are enquiring about a class.
We will pass your details to the following organisations (our “data processors”) who carry out certain activities on our behalf as part of our providing our services, including payment processing, delivery of goods, information processing and industry regulation:
Register of Exercise Professionals (REPs) Chelsea Close, Off Amberley Road, Armley, Leeds, LS12 4HP, who issue CPD points to their members
Minerva (our IT Support Team)
Excellone (our Website Administrator)
MailChimp (Names and email addresses only for customer mailshots)
CAF Bank (Names and bank account details)
PAXTON (our accounting software)
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
We will also disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If our company or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our company, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Security of your data
Your data will be held in accordance with the Data Protection Act and the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) on secure servers within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) with all reasonable technological and operational measures put in place to safeguard it from unauthorised access. Where possible any identifiable information will be encrypted or minimised. We do not transfer your personal data outside the EEA.
On what basis can we use your information?
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
When it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with you, namely in order for us to provide you with our training services or to supply you with our product(s) which you have ordered/purchased.
Where you have provided opt-in consent to marketing materials and we shall only contact you in your specified manner i.e. by email or phone.
Where you have provided your consent on the PARQ that we ask you to complete for us to hold and process data concerning your health.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party), and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests, including the promotion of our products and services and administration of our website.
Data Retention
We will keep your information stored in our database indefinitely for training record purposes.
We will also hold copies of electronic invoices indefinitely to maintain business records – such invoices may contain a postal address and email address.
How long we keep your data for
We will only retain your personal data for up to three years or for longer, only for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, and reporting requirements. In the case of your medical PARQ information, teachers are required to keep this information for as long as you are a class member.
Your rights
You may withdraw consent for EXTEND Exercise Training Ltd to use your personal data at any time. As noted above, your information will still be retained indefinitely on our database for training record purposes.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if we fail in our obligations to protect your data. Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at admin@extend.org.uk
Access to and update of your information
You have the right to access information held about you. You also have the right to request that information we hold about you which may be incorrect, or which has been changed since you first told us, is updated or removed. These requests are free of charge and can be sent to admin@extend.org.uk
How you can request erasure of your data
You can ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
How you can withdraw your consent
You have the right at any time to withdraw any consent you have given us to process your personal data, such as consent to send you marketing information and to use your medical information. Please note if you withdraw your consent it will not affect the lawfulness of any processing of your personal data we have carried out before you withdrew your consent.
Should you wish to withdraw consent to receive our newsletter, you can unsubscribe in the email.
How you can restrict or object to us using your data
You can ask us to suspend the way in which we are using your information in certain scenarios, or object to our processing your data where we are relying on a legitimate interest ground (or those of a third party) and you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms, or where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases where you object, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Please note that if you want us to restrict or stop processing your data this may impact on our ability to provide our services. Depending on the extent of your request we may be unable to continue providing you with our service.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Contact and Complaints
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to admin@extend.org.uk
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law you can complain to the UK data protection regulator, the Information Commissioner’s Office. Further details can be found at www.ico.org.uk or 0303 123 1113.
TERMS & CONDITIONS
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without EXTEND’s prior written consent.
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Scotland and Wales.
EXTEND Website disclaimer
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by EXTEND and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of EXTEND. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, EXTEND takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control
EXTEND Copyright notice
This website and its content is copyright of EXTEND - © EXTEND EXERCISE TRAINING LTD. All rights reserved. Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:
You may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only
You may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material
You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
CLASSES
TRAINING
WHO WE ARE
news
CONTACT US
Members
© 2020 extend.org.uk. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
Designed by Excellone Technologies Ltd
×
×
LOG IN
Please enter your password.
LOGIN
Top
We use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience.
By continuing to use our site, you agree to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more.