https://fabseal.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Fab-Seal Industrial
Toll Free: (800) 874-0166
General: (405) 878-0166
Send Us An Email
Liner Installation
Water Tank Liners
Plating & Metal Finishing Liners
Floor/Chemical Industry Liners
Environmental Liners
Fertilizer Tank Liners
Our Work
Why FabSeal
Tank Cleaning
Liner Repairs
Process
Contact
Get An Estimate
Select Page
Fab-Seal Industrial Liners, Inc.
Privacy, Shipping, Billing, Return Policy, Terms of Use, and Contact
Fab-Seal Industrial Liners, Inc. is committed to maintaining your trust and confidence. The following online privacy policy is intended to protect and secure the personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified) you provide to us online.
In addition, Fab-Seal Industrial Liners, Inc. will not send you e-mail that you have not agreed to receive. We may periodically send you e-mail announcing news and event information. If you choose to supply your postal address in an online form, you may receive mailings from us as well.
No Sharing of Personal Information
Fab-Seal Industrial Liners, Inc. never sells, rents, leases or exchanges your personal information with other organizations. Fab-Seal Industrial Liners, Inc. assures you that the identity of all who contact us through this Web site will be kept confidential. Fab-Seal Industrial Liners, Inc. may occasionally send mailings on behalf of other organizations or ministries when their interests align with Fab-Seal Industrial Liners, Inc..
Security
Fab-Seal Industrial Liners, Inc. is committed to ensuring the security of your personal information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the proper use of information, we have established and implemented appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Fab-Seal Industrial Liners, Inc. uses Internet Encryption Software, Secure Socket Layer (SSL) Protocol when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information. Any information you enter is encrypted at your browser, sent over the public Internet in encrypted form, and then de-encrypted at our server. Once we receive your credit card information, it is accessible only to a small number of trusted Fab-Seal Industrial Liners, Inc. employees who have been specially trained in processing this information.
Cookies
From time to time, we may send a “cookie” to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. A cookie can’t read data off your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites. Cookies do not damage your system. We use cookies to recognize you when you return to our sites, or to identify which areas of our network of Web sites you have visited (i.e. e-commerce sites, etc.). We may use this information to better personalize the content you see on our sites.
Many Web sites place cookies on your hard drive. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. Your browser can refuse all cookies, or show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
Children’s Online Privacy
We are concerned about the privacy of young children and do not knowingly collect any personal information from a child under 13. We encourage you to become involved with your child’s access to the Internet and to our site in order to ensure that his or her privacy is well protected.
To read more about online safety and how to become more involved with your child’s online experience, visit the Federal Trade Commission Web site. You may also benefit from the information and resources available on ProtectKids.com.
Download License
Downloads are solely for personal, noncommercial use. Copies of download can only be stored on computers or devices owned by the person or entity who purchased the download. Additional licenses of downloads can be purchases from www.fabseal.com.
Contacting Us
If you have comments or questions about any of our policies or our website, please contact us. For information about your payment or order, please contact us at 1-800-874-0166 during office hours (9am – 5pm CST).
The highest quality PVC membrane lining.
Services
Water Tank Liners
Plating & Metal Finishing
Floor Coverings
Pit, Pond, & Lagoon Liners
Fertilizer Tank Liners
Tank Cleanings
Tank Liner Repairs
Warehouse
Fab-Seal Industrial Liners, Inc.
6121 Highway 177
Shawnee, Oklahoma 74804
GEE, Partner
Certified
Nationally certified with NSF, TWIC, OSHA. and ETA:
Copyright © 2020
//
Privacy Policy // Sitemap
Follow Us:
Translate »