https://facetsingapore.com/privacy-policy
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Facets Singapore Privacy Policy
DISCLAIMER
Facets Singapore collects customer information in an effort to enhance and personalize your website experience. This information allows us to communicate with our customers about our products, services, and promotions.
LAWYER SPEAK
The privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) described below covers the entire Facets Singapore website (“the Site,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). Phrases such as “you,” “your” and other similar expressions refer to our customers or the specific users of this Site. By visiting and using the Site, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
COLLECTED INFORMATION
When you place an inquiry, submit your account information, or participate in Facets Singapore promotions or surveys, our Site collects your personal information such as your name, e-mail address, phone number and/or mailing address. Facets Singapore will use your information collected online to process and fulfill your inquiries. Additionally, your e-mail address may be collected at various points within the Site so that we can send you any necessary e-mail messages related to your inquiry, such as price quotations and order confirmations.
In addition, we maintain a record of your purchase history, product interests, and whatever other membership details that might enable us to improve your shopping experience. Analytics such as Site use and traffic patterns are also considered to help us improve the design of our website, the products we make and the exclusive services we offer. At Facets Singapore, we understand and recognize that we must maintain and use customer information responsibly.
Please note: You are not required to submit any information to our Site. However, without providing the requested information, you may be unable to access certain features of our Site, including viewing our inventory, placing a purchase order or logging into any other Facets Singapore's membership-related services.
SOCIAL MEDIA
Using Social media as well as other Site connection methods, we may utilize your personal data to better your Facets Singapore experience. We take your privacy seriously and abide by all Social Media terms, policies and agreements. Your data is kept secure and no actions are taken on your behalf without prior permission.
COOKIES
As you navigate our site, your preferences are remembered through the temporary use of “session” cookies. Cookies enable our systems to gather information about your browser as well as monitor the navigational patterns you take while browsing the site. Site users have the option to accept or disable cookies at any time through their browsers. If you choose to disable your cookies, your user experience may be limited.
SITE STATISTICS
Web data is collected to monitor user trends on our Site. Analytical data such as hits to our server, traffic patterns, and page views shows us where our audience is coming from and how they interact with us online. This type of collected information does not personally identify specific Site users. In addition, like most websites, our Site may utilize “web beacons,” “pixel tags” or other tracking technologies to help us study the actions of our users through non-personally identifiable information. This data may be aggregated with similar data collected from other users to help us improve Facets Singapore products, services and our overall Site experience.
INFORMATION SHARING WITH OUTSIDE PARTIES
Facets Singapore may share your personally identifiable and/or your non-personally identifiable information, including your name, address, email address, and any transactions you conduct on our Site or offline with us with a third-party advertising partner and its service providers in order to deliver you advertising tailored to your interests when you visit certain other websites.
Our advertising partner makes the data we provide anonymous.
Facets Singapore will never rent or sell your personal information. If for any reason you choose to access a third party website linked to our Site, you do so at your own risk. We are not held responsible for how these outside parties collect, use, protect or disclose the information you provide them.
AGE REQUIREMENT
facetsingapore.com is intended for users who are 18 years of age and older. If you are under the age of 18, you are not permitted to submit any personal information to us.
SECURITY (SSL)
We employ top physical, electronic, and administrative safety measures to assist us in protecting your personal information. These safeguards help us to prevent fraud and unauthorized access as well as maintain data accuracy. In addition, we use professionally reasonable efforts to block access to your personal information from Facets Singapore employees and corporate partners to ensure your personal information is always kept safe.
MODIFICATION OF POLICIES
It is at our sole discretion that Facets Singapore may modify this Privacy Policy to better serve our customers. Please check back often to review any new modifications that have been made.
IN SUMMARY
Facets Singapore takes your privacy seriously. When connecting with us, we want our customers to feel confident that their personal information and credit card data is protected. Just as we are dedicated to bringing you the very best products, we are equally committed to providing our customers with a safe and secure shopping experience. The personal information we collect from our Site helps us better understand the interests of our audience in an ongoing effort to bring you improved service.
If you have questions or suggestions regarding our privacy standards please email contact@facetsingapore.com
Questions about diamonds?
Ask us
About
Facets Singapore
Reviews
Blog
Diamonds
Why Facets Singapore?
Diamond Expertise
Explore Selection
General Enquiries
Personal Services
Bespoke Jewellery
Jewellery Resetting
Brokerage & Investment
Bespoke Enquiries
Trade Services
Craftsmen & Designers
Dealer Services
Jewellery Manufacturers
Jewellery Retailers
Trade Enquiries
Support
Book an Appointment
Locate Us
Ring Size Guide
Gallery
FAQ