http://fadoirishpub.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content Skip to footer
Privacy Policy
In accordance with the Fair Information Practice Principles created by the FTC, we make full disclosure on the use of any personal data collected at our Web site. This site and accompanying email may contain links to other sites. Fado / Tigin Irish Pub is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites, and we strongly recommend that you review their policies.
Our email subscribers can unsubscribe at anytime by sending a blank email to: unsubscribe@fadoirishpub.com
Notice
We want to provide you with clear and conspicuous notice of what information is collected and how it will be used.
Your e-mail address
Will be used only for the delivery of our pub emails. It will never be shared, traded, or sold to any third party under any circumstances.
Your mailing address, credit card information
At some point, it may be necessary to mail you tickets, a store purchase, coupons or other items. This information will never be shared with anyone.
Other personal information
From time to time we will ask you questions about things you do and like. Collection of this information is completely voluntary. We want to know these things about you so we can provide you with better service, the most relevant content and offers possible. This information will only be shared with others in its aggregate only. For example, we may disclose that there are 100 people who like soccer, but their individual identity will never be revealed.
Adequate Security
We insure the proper handling of consumer information to prevent unauthorized access or identity theft. We do this by taking every reasonable means to insure your information can not be accessed by anyone except you. All user information sits behind a firewall, and no one except the network administrator has the ability to access it internally. Any ecommerce transactions are done over a SSL connection.
We may utilize third party providers for services like email and ecommerce. We will / have reviewed their data handling and security policies and are comfortable they live up to our standards or higher.
Employees of Fado Irish Pub have reviewed this privacy statement and must adhere to these privacy standards. They understand the importance of high levels of security and discretion in all functions that deal with consumer information.
Reasonable Access
If you would like to change any personal information like an email address, send your change to info@fadoirishpub.com.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of text that a Web server can store on a user’s hard disk. Cookies allow a web site to store information on a user’s machine and later retrieve it. we may use information like this to store what pages you visit to make your web experience easier.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our website.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this privacy statement please contact :
Cindy Coplen
Fado Irish Pubs, Inc
2964 Peachtree Rd
Suite 600
Atlanta, GA 30305
404-848-8433
X