https://fairytaleshaircare.com/privacypolicy/
IT’S HERE! The 2020 Holiday Set... Don’t Delay, Order Today!SHOP NOW
Fairy Tales / Privacy Policy
Fairy Tales Hair Care for Children Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by Fairy Tales Hair Care for Children. Here at Fairy Tales, we recognize that many visitors to our site are concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. So we’ve developed a Privacy Policy to address those concerns. We may update the Policy from time to time, so please check in occasionally.
Our Policy
At our site, we don’t collect personally-identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. This means we don’t require you to register or provide information to us in order to view our site. If you register in order to use the Members Only features of our site, we use the information you supply for the purpose of providing the services you’ve requested. If you specifically agreed to follow-up contacts by us or asked to be put on our mailing list when you registered, we may also contact you from time to time. You can always change your preference for follow-up contacts just by e-mailing us at any time. We don’t share any information you give us with anyone outside of the Fairy Tales Hair Care for Children group.
In the e-mail sections of our site, we ask for some personally-identifiable information, such as your name and phone number. We use this information only if we need to contact you directly because our attempts to contact you by e-mail were unsuccessful. We don’t use the information internally for other purposes, and we don’t share it with anyone outside of Fairy Tales Hair Care for Children. We don’t use your e-mail address for any purpose other than responding to the message you’ve sent.
Our site sometimes includes notices of sweepstakes or other promotions we are conducting, and we may permit you to enter electronically in some cases. If that occurs, we will use the information you provide for the purpose of conducting the promotion (e.g., to contact you if you’re a winner). We don’t share the information you give us with anyone outside of Fairy Tales Hair Care for Children.
Children Under the Age of 13 (COPPA Compliance)
Although not intended for children, we have attempted to make the content of this site suitable for visitors of all ages. Any minor child should consult their parents or guardian before providing any personal information to Fairy Tales Hair Care for Children.
Cookies
Like many companies, we use “cookie” technology on our web site. We use a temporary session cookies to enable you to use many of our Members Only features. These temporary cookies are eliminated when you exit your browser. Another type of cookie can be stored on your computer by your browser. When you log in, this type of cookie tells us whether you’ve visited us before or are a new visitor. The cookie doesn’t obtain any personal information about you or provide us with any way to contact you, and the cookie doesn’t extract any information from your computer. We do use the cookie to help us identify site features in which you have the greatest interest, so that we can provide more of what you may want.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at:
Fairy Tales Hair Care for Children
4-6 Just Road
Fairfield, NJ 07004
Tel : 888-244-1990 FAX : 973-473-8185
or E-Mail us using our Contact Us form
We’ll be happy to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
SHOP NOW
Our Products
NO harsh chemicals, toxins, paraben, sulfates, dairy, gluten, nuts.
Rosemary Repel®
Lice Good-Bye®
Sun & Swim™
Tangle Tamer®
Curly-Q™
Combo Kits
Hand Sanitizer