http://familyfinancialgroup.com/privacy-policy/
We take our clients’ financial privacy very seriously. During the course of processing your application, we accumulate non-public personal financial information from you and from other sources about your income, your assets, and your credit history in order to allow a lender to make an informed decision about granting you credit. We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your nonpublic personal information.
We collect nonpublic information about you from the following sources: (i) information we receive from you on applications or other forms; (ii) information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others; and (iii) information we receive from a consumer reporting agency.
We do not disclose any nonpublic information about our customers or former customers to any third party, except as permitted by law.
Contact UsAddress:480 Hope Street, Suite OneProvidence, RI 02906Phone:(866) 301-2300Fax: (866) 301-2301Find us on:Mail
Testimonials
There were no false promises.
M. Auglin
They went above and beyond.  I would highly recommend FFG to friends and family.
J. Campbell
Family Financial is a great name for your company due to making your clients feel part of a unit that is strong and competent.
J. Samek
I found the experience to be totally stress-free.  At times life can be so hectic and it was refreshing not to have to be stressed about this financial situation.
R. Martin
You are truly like family.
N. Schmeiser
They are very professional, honest, and courteous.
J. Williams
Random Glossary termClosing CostsThese are expenses – over and above the price of the property- that are incurred by buyers and sellers when transferring ownership of a property. Closing costs normally include an origination fee, property taxes, charges for title insurance and escrow costs, appraisal fees, etc. Closing costs will vary according to the area country and the lenders used.