https://fandco.com/cms/terms-of-service
"Making Windows of Opportunity"
KENNETT SQUARE
P: 610-444-1215
F: 610-444-1635
115 South Broad Street
Kennett Square, PA 19348
WILMINGTON
P: 302-478-9515
F: 302-478-0262
3801 Kennett Pike
Building C, Ste. 100
Greenville, DE 19807
Welcome
About Us
Peer Review
Our Team
William C. Fenstermacher, Jr., CPA, PFS
W. Chad Fenstermacher, CPA, PFS
Dana L. Ketterer, CPA
Jean M. Loftus, CPA
Katherine A. Sensenig, CPA
Dawn M. Smullen, CPA
Honora M. Myers, CPA
Daniel Valentino, CPA
Kyle Dougherty, CPA
Michele G. Arrington
Janet T. Chaney
Mallory J. Armstrong
Genesis L. Toledo
Our Services
Tax
Accounting
Business and Consulting
Financial Services
News & Information
Useful Links
Tips for Record Retention
FAQs
Contact Us
Join Our Team
Client Center
Client Portal
My1040Data
HDVest Login
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these
web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations,
and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local
laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from
using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are
protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials
(information or software) on Fenstermacher & Company’s web site for personal,
non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license,
not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Fenstermacher & Company’s web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Fenstermacher & Company at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Fenstermacher & Company’s web site are provided “as is”. Fenstermacher & Company makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Fenstermacher & Company does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Fenstermacher & Company or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Fenstermacher & Company’s Internet site, even if Fenstermacher & Company or a Fenstermacher & Company authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Fenstermacher & Company’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Fenstermacher & Company does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Fenstermacher & Company may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Fenstermacher & Company does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Fenstermacher & Company has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Fenstermacher & Company of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Fenstermacher & Company may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Fenstermacher & Company’s web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Pennsylvania without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure
To ensure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any U.S. federal tax information provided in or through the Site is not intended or written to be used, and may not be used, for the purpose of (1) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (2) promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed in the Site.
Contact Us
KENNETT SQUARE
P: 610-444-1215
F: 610-444-1635
115 South Broad Street
Kennett Square, PA 19348
info@fandco.com
Directions
GREENVILLE
P: 302-478-9515
F: 302-478-0262
3801 Kennett Pike
Building C, Ste. 100
Greenville, DE 19807
Our Services
Tax
Accounting
Business Consulting
Financial Services
About Us
Mission Statement
History
Peer Review
Privacy Policy
Secure Team Access
Secure Email Access
Social Links Follow Us
COVID-19 UPDATE:
Our Kennett Square and Greenville offices are following the current guidelines in place regarding closing/reopening.
Most of our staff have been working from home since March and will continue to do so throughout the upcoming tax season.
We intend to continue to answer the phones, however, we may need to utilize the automated attendant from time to time. Calls to staff working from home will be forwarded to their cell phones. Please be considerate of the time you call as the forwarding cannot be turned off outside of working hours.
We are committed to practicing physical and social distancing.
Client appointments can be scheduled on a limited basis, and masks will be required.
We continue to encourage client meetings by phone or video.
We will continue to utilize our secure online portal to exchange documents. We will also accept paper documents in our Delaware office during business hours or through the mail slot in the Kennett office.
Thank you,
Chad Fenstermacher