https://fanimation.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Fanimation respects the privacy of every individual who visits this Site. This privacy notice outlines the information we may collect about you and how such information may be used.
Personally Identifiable Information
We will not collect any personally identifiable information about you (i.e., your name, address, telephone number, or email address) unless you provide it to us voluntarily. If you do not want your personally identifiable information collected, please do not submit it to us.
We may ask for certain personally identifiable information from you for the purpose of providing to you information that you have requested (i.e., catalogues, information regarding our products/services, or information pertaining to the nearest retail outlet or distributor of our products), and in some cases, to contact you about our programs, products, features or services.
We may provide access to your personally identifiable information when legally required to do so, to cooperate with police investigations or other legal proceedings, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Site, to limit our legal liability and protect our rights, or to protect the rights and safety of visitors to this Site or the public.
Aside from the purposes described above, we will never share your personally identifiable information with any third parties unless we have your permission or you have been notified.
Children
We do not collect or maintain information on this Site from those we actually know are under the age of 13, nor is any part of our Site targeted to attract anyone under 13. We request that all visitors to our Site who are under 13 not disclose or provide any personally identifiable information. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will delete that child’s personally identifiable information from our records.
Data Security
We take reasonable steps to maintain the security of the personally identifiable information that we collect. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us, so you do so at your own risk.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet Browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, and the domain name of the web site from which you linked to this Site. We will use any non-personally identifiable information we may collect to better understand your use of this Site or to enhance your experience. For example, we may use the information to improve the design and content of this Site or to analyze the programs and services we offer.
Questions
If you have any questions regarding this privacy notice, or have submitted personally identifiable information through this Site and would like that information deleted from our records, please contact us at 888-567-2055.
X
Create an account to expedite future checkouts, track order history & receive emails, discounts, & special offers
Register
Anti-spam
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Or
Back to login
Create an account