http://farmertronic.com/en/privacy/
Skip to content
International – Privacy Policy
Date of policy: 10 December 2018
Resposible:
Farmer Tronic Industries A / S
Nyskovvej 13
6580 Vamdrup
Denmark
scales@farmertronic.com
Personal information
When you contact and / or trade with Farmer Tronic Industries A / S, we will store your information, and we can do so by request by phone, via our website www.farmertronic.com or by mail.
We have made this privacy policy to ensure that your data is kept securely and that Farmer Tronic Industries A / S complies with the Personal Data Regulation (GDPR), which entered into force on May 25, 2018.
When you visit our website, some data is recorded using different technologies such as cookies, as well as data about your visit being registered with Google Analytics.
We have ensured that where third party technology is used or where third parties access data when updating the website, etc. then comply with these rules in the EU Personal Data Regulation by 2018.
The data we collect is used solely for billing and future service of our customers and business associates, and they contain no personally sensitive information in addition to their name, address, phone number and email address.
This data is stored physically and electronically so that unauthorized persons can not access them and where third parties, such as auditors, etc. obtaining data, we have ensured that these partners comply with the rules of the EU Personal Data Regulation by 2018.
If you would like to know what information we have stored about you or request that we delete your data, please contact us at scales@farmertronic.com and we will reply as soon as possible to your inquiry.
Cookies
This site uses cookies. We use cookies to customize our content and ads, to show you social media features, and to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your use of our website with our social media partners, advertising partners and analyst partners. Our partners can combine this data with other information you have provided to them or that they have collected from your use of their services. You agree to our cookies if you continue to use our website.
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user experience more efficient.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are set by third party services that appear on our pages.
Cookies can not contain malicious code such as virus.
It is possible to delete or block cookies. See the guide: http://minecookies.org/cookiehandtering