http://fedlend.com/federated-lending-corporation-online-privacy-principles/
Federated Lending Corporation
Helping You Achieve Your American Dream
No broker fees, No hassles, low ratesButtons
Today's Rates
Apply Now
Pay Now
Social
Call us: 215-493-1500
Home
Mortgages
Reverse Mortgages
Todays Rates
Apply Now
PayNow
About Us
Loan Process
Loan Programs
Save Money
Articles
Contact
Chat
Federated Lending Corporation Online Privacy Principles
You don’t want your personal information to fall into the wrong hands. Neither does Federated Lending. When you visit one of the Federated Lending web sites, we may collect and store information about your visit on an anonymous, aggregate basis. This information may include the time and length of your visit, the pages you look at on our sites, and the site you visited just before coming to ours. We may also record the name of your Internet service provider. We use this information only to measure site activity and to develop ideas for improving our sites.
There are also several opportunities on our web sites for you to provide us with information about you and your interests, such as your name, mailing address and e-mail address. If you choose to share any personal information with us, we may store it and use it for marketing research and other marketing purposes, which may include sharing it* with other companies in the Federated Lending family and our business partners. We will never sell your information to any other company.
Some of our web sites may make use of “cookie” technology to measure site activity and to customize information to your personal tastes. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store the cookie on your hard drive. So, when you come back to visit us again, we can tailor information to suit your individual preferences. The goal is to save you time and provide you with a more meaningful visit.
You take online privacy seriously, and so does Federated Lending. It’s our way of sustaining your trust in Federated Lending and our products and services.
Federated Lending reserves the right to alter our privacy principles as business needs require. Any alterations to these principles will be posted on our web sites in a timely manner.
* Unless you have informed us otherwise.
Please read these terms, conditions and disclaimers carefully. By accessing this web site, you agree to be bound by all of these terms and conditions.
Federated Lending Corporation Terms of Website Use
Use of this Web Site
Although this site is intended to provide accurate and timely information, the content of this site may not be accurate, complete or current and may include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. From time to time changes may be made to the content of this site without notice. The products, services, and any other information described on this site may change at any time. The information published on this site is provided as a convenience to visitors and is for informational purposes only. You should verify all information before relying on it and decisions based on information contained in this site are your sole responsibility. You should contact Federated Lending for additional information at 215-493-1500.
This site is controlled and monitored from the United States of America and no representation is made that materials are appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you use this site from other locations, you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
All of the information on this web site, including all images, is copyrighted material of Federated Lending or its parent, subsidiary or affiliate entities, except as otherwise indicated. You may not copy, download, republish, distribute or reproduce any of the information contained on this web site in any form without the prior consent of Federated Lending unless otherwise indicated.
Links to this web site are not permitted without the prior consent of Federated Lending.
Products and Services
The products and services referred to in this web site are offered by or through Federated Lending or its parent, subsidiary or affiliate entities. The products and services and the applicable terms and conditions may change at any time. There may be eligibility requirements for these products and services and they may not be available in all geographic areas.
Other Sites
This site contains links to other sites on the Internet. These links are provided for your convenience. Links to another site do not constitute approval or endorsement of that site or its products or advertisements.
Exclusion of Warranties
No warranties or representations are made as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained on this web site. This information and the products and services are provided “as is” “as available” without any warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
Limitation of Liability
Neither Federated Lending nor any of its parent, subsidiary or affiliate entities, agents, employees, or subcontractors shall be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, punitive, or exemplary damages, including lost profits (even if advised of the possibility) arising in any way from the information contained in this web site. None of these entities shall be liable for any damages or losses that may be caused to any equipment and other software due to any viruses, defects or malfunctions in connection with access or use of this web site.
E-mail
Messages that you send to us by e-mail may not be secure. We recommend that you do not send any confidential information to us by e-mail. If you choose to send any confidential information to us via email. If you agree to accept the risk that this information may be intercepted by a third party.
These terms and conditions may be modified at any time by revising this page without notice to you
Federated Lending Corporation Copyright
© Copyright Federated Lending Corporation 2014, All Rights Reserved.
Federated Lending Corporation Security Information
Secure Web Pages
All of the pages on our Web site that ask for your personal financial information are delivered to your browser through HTTPS, a secure mode of communication. You can check this encryption by checking for the lock icon on your browser.
Encryption
When you send your personal financial information to us, it is protected by SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) Technology. SSL does not allow anyone to intercept and read your personal information. When you send your information to us, SSL encrypts it (translates the data into a string of gibberish characters). Only we can decode the encryption.
Recent Articles
Do You Know How Mortgage Insurance Can Be Cancelled?Mortgages VS Home Equity LoansWhen Do Reverse Home Mortgages Make SenseHow to get a mortgage in NJ (Checklist)Mortgage Rates & APR Explained
Testimonials
Megan DetwilerPleased with our experienceWe were happy with our experience. Initially there was a step missed that caused a slight delay, but we couldn’t be upset because it ended up getting us a lower rate overall. We were able to sign the documents in the comfort of our own home which was super convenient and appreciated. Would recommend!
Shawn CannonSecond time working with VinceSecond time working with Vince. Have had nothing but great experiences. Highly recommend!!
Patrick MallonFederated Lending has great customer…Federated Lending has great customer service, a very knowledgeable staff, and made re-financing an effortless experience.
Kristen KatzianerEasy process from start to finishEasy process from start to finish. The underwriter should make more money.
Elaine PunchelloI've trusted Federated Lending multiple…I've trusted Federated Lending multiple times for my home mortgages. They make what can be a difficult process easy to get through. I've never had a delay in a settlement because of my mortgage, which is a frequent issue with other lenders. I'll continue to use them and recommend them. Thanks!
Mike PawlikowskiFederated Lending comes through againFederated Lending comes through again. Tom K. and Federated Lending team helped me through the process of getting my original mortgage and now again with the refinance. They made the process very easy and I am extremely happy with the end result. I would strongly recommend if your looking for a mortgage or refinance that you reach out to the Federated Lending Team.
Jorge FigueroaFederated Lending Is Fantastic and HonestThis was such an easy transaction. What is probably the most stressful thing to do Andy and his Team made this absolutely seamless. Everything was done perfectly and right on time. Zero issues at the closing table and it all went exactly as it was explained. I was prepared for so many things to be a push up and there was none of it. NONE! I cannot say enough ...
Katie NovakFederated Lending was a great mortgage…Federated Lending was a great mortgage company to work with! We were able to ask questions and get immediate answers.
Jacob DesperakWonderful and easy experience!My wife and I had a very good experience with Fedlend thanks to Andy and Kathy. We couldn’t be more thankful for all the help and guidance we received along the way. Would definitely recommend to all home buyers, as we will use Fedlend for our next purchase or refinance.
Bart CeramiThanks Andy!!Andrew Larson and Federated Lending made refinancing my home simple, and saved me a lot of money in the process. And Andy continued to assist me after the closing when I had a question regarding my local tax payment. I have already recommended him to several of my friends and will continue to do so. Thanks Andy!!
prevnext
Copyright
Copyright 2017 Federated Lending. All Rights ReservedPrivacy Policy
Licensed Mortgage Banker in PA and NJNMLS Company License 112272NMLS Individual License 134755
Licensed by the PA Department of Banking and Securities Licensed by the NJ Department of Banking and Insurance These materials are not from HUD or FHA and were not approved by HUD or a government agency. All employees are Bonded and Insured
Badges
Main Navigation
HomeMortgagesReverse MortgagesTodays RatesApply NowPayNowAbout UsLoan ProcessLoan ProgramsSave MoneyArticlesContactChat