https://feelgoodcars.com/privacy/
Warning:
Constants may only evaluate to scalar values in /var/sites/f/feelgoodcars.com/public_html/wp-content/plugins/auto-terms-of-service-and-privacy-policy/auto-terms-of-service-privacy-policy.php on line 61
Privacy - Feel Good Cars
Categories
Auto/Bike Repair and Maintenance
Automobile News
Automobile Shows and Events
Car Makers
Diesel Cars
Electric Cars
Sport Cars
Motorcycle News
Café Racers
Choppers
Motorcycle Gear
Sportbikes
Racing
Formula One
NASCAR
About Me
Facts About NASCAR
Contact Us
Advertise Here
Privacy
Menu
Home > Privacy
Privacy
Privacy Policy:
Kevin Young ("Kevin")
operates feelgoodcars.com and may operate other websites. It
is Kevin's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Kevin collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Kevin's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Kevin's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Kevin may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Kevin also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on feelgoodcars.com
blogs/sites. Kevin only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Kevin's websites choose to interact
with Kevin in ways that require Kevin to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Kevin gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at feelgoodcars.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Kevin are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Kevin collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Kevin. Kevin does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Kevin may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Kevin may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Kevin does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Kevin discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Kevin's behalf or to provide services available
at Kevin's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Kevin's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Kevin will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Kevin discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Kevin believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Kevin, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Kevin website and have supplied your email address, Kevin
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Kevin and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Kevin takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Kevin uses cookies to
help Kevin identify and track visitors, their usage of Kevin
website, and their website access preferences. Kevin visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Kevin's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Kevin's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Kevin, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Kevin goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Kevin may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Kevin and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Kevin may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Kevin's sole
discretion. Kevin encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a feelgoodcars.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
If you are a fan of NASCAR or simply like to know something interesting about different cars and motorcycles, you’ll find my blog interesting! I’m Kevin Young, a professional mechanic working for a NASCAR team. Keep an eye on my website not to miss the most interesting news from the world of automobiles and motorcycles!
Kevin Young
Twitter FeedKevin Young@feelgoodcars·20 Feb 2018Love NASCAR, it brings so much meaning to my life and makes me smile in the morning.Kevin Young@feelgoodcars·19 Feb 2018As a teen, I used to work all nights long and then get to school and study without falling asleep. Fun times, I say.Kevin Young@feelgoodcars·18 Feb 2018It’s important to give the people around you some support. You never know when you’ll need some.Kevin Young@feelgoodcars·17 Feb 2018I love long talks late at night or early in the morning, they’re so sincere and open and clear. Feels refreshing.Facebook Feed
Feel Good Cars Copyright © 2020.
Theme by MyThemeShop. Back to Top
Facts About NASCAR
About Me
Contact Us
Advertise Here
Privacy
Categories
Auto/Bike Repair and Maintenance
Automobile News
Automobile Shows and Events
Car Makers
Diesel Cars
Electric Cars
Sport Cars
Motorcycle News
Café Racers
Choppers
Motorcycle Gear
Sportbikes
Racing
Formula One
NASCAR
About Me
Facts About NASCAR
Contact Us
Advertise Here
Privacy