https://finecast.com/en/privacy-notice/
Privacy Notice - Finecast
How and why we collect data and covering your choices.
(last update, September 2019)
Who are we?
Finecast provides services to help advertisers and agencies reach the audiences they want to find on TV and other video distribution platforms, including set top boxes, Smart TVs, out of home advertising screens, connected devices, computers, game consoles and mobile devices.  Finecast works with broadcasters, pay TV companies, and content providers that stream or broadcast video through applications, via on-demand libraries, TV channels or websites to analyse their audiences, and using licensed third-party data from data aggregators and others to group audience members by certain demographic and other attributes that suggest they will find particular marketing messages interesting and relevant. The legal entity responsible for the data that Finecast collects is Finecast Holdings Limited.
This notice outlines how and why Finecast collects and uses personal data specifically from visits to the www.finecast.com website (“Website”). It also explains your rights as someone who may provide personal data to Finecast through the Website and how to exercise these rights. You can contact Finecast at privacy@finecast.com.
What information is collected and used by Finecast?
Finecast collects information that enables us to identify your browser and device and tell us which pages within our Website you visit and on which pages you spend the most time. Finecast does this by using the following:
using the following:
Cookie is a small alphanumeric text file that we automatically assign to visitors to our website. It is stored in your browser and allows us to identify you.
Sometimes a cookie resides on your device for just the single time you’re visiting our Website; this is called a session cookie. Sometimes a cookie remains on your device until you delete it or it expires automatically; this is called a persistent cookie. Both types of cookies are used on our Website.
IP address means Internet protocol address
Pixel is a line of code that sits within our webpages and which we use to record that you have visited a particular page within our website.
Finecast uses some or all of this information to improve your Website experience by delivering content that you are likely to prefer on future visits. Our lawful basis for this type of processing is that we have a legitimate interest in understanding and improving your experience of our Website.
If you don’t agree to us using cookies and the above information, you may prevent their use through your browser settings or you may choose to opt out. By choosing not to accept cookies, certain Website features may not work as we have intended.
Specific Cookie Types used by Finecast
Performance, Analytics, Tracking
This type of cookie provides aggregated information about where a user may go on the Website.
Google Analytics (persistent)
Finecast uses Google Analytics to help us analyse how visitors use the Website. Among other things, Google Analytics uses cookies to collect information about the number of visits to the Website, the webpage that referred visitors to the Website, language, device, browser and operating system, the pages visitors view within the Website and other similar details. We do not share this information with third parties. When used this way the Google Analytics cookie is a persistent cookie, and will remain on your device until the cookie expires or you delete it. These cookies may appear as _utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmz, _utmv, _utmt.
Google Analytics (session)
This cookie may appear as has_js. Finecast does not retain this data as it is deleted upon closing of your browser, and therefore we cannot share it with any third parties.
Pardot
Finecast uses Pardot to help us follow up on requests to be contacted by visitors of the Website.  Pardot uses two cookies:
Visitor Cookie: a unique identifier for the visitor to the Website (visitor_id).  This cookie stores the activities of visitors and prospects on the Website.
Opt In Cookie: Pardot uses a persistent cookie named “pi_opt_in” to stay in compliance with the “Do Not Track” initiative, which allows users to opt out of types of browser tracking.
Collection and Use of Contact Information
There are a few instances where Finecast may collect your name and contact details (such as e-mail address, telephone number and postal address). But, we won’t collect this information without consent and never use it in online advertising placement. Examples where you might voluntarily provide your name and contact details include:
Responding to requests: Finecast keeps a record of information, including email address and other contact information, solely for responding to a user’s request. For example:
If you provide your contact details in order to request further information from Finecast we will collect your name, e-mail address, and phone number in order to send you a reply.
If you voluntarily ask to receive emails from Finecast, we will collect your e-mail address to send you email updates.
By entering your contact information as noted above you are consenting to Finecast using that information to contact you regarding your request. This consent is our legal basis for using the information in this way.
If at any time you decide to withdraw your consent and would like us to remove you from our marketing e-mails or to unsubscribe from our database, you can contact Finecast using the details provided at the bottom of this Privacy Notice. You must include your name, e-mail address, and clear instructions regarding changes you are requesting. You may also unsubscribe from marketing e-mails by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link found at the bottom of the e-mail.
Finecast is a data controller responsible for your personal data (as this term or similar term is defined by applicable law) when you visit our Website or provide us with contact information.
California
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California can obtain certain information about the types of personal information that companies with whom they have an established business relationship have shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. To request a list of companies, if any, to which GroupM has provided personal information for its own marketing purposes, please email us at privacy@finecast.com. Please allow 30 days for a response.
Frequently Asked Questions
Finecast may provide access to information we collect to our vendors and contractors (also known as third parties) who are performing services on our behalf to enable the uses of your information that we have described above. These vendors are not permitted to use this information for any other purpose.  Additionally, Finecast must disclose information when we believe we’re legally obliged to, or in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding prohibited activities, such as incidents of hacking, misuse, or other prohibited activities.
If you provide Finecast with personal data, we may transfer that personal data to our affiliates and subsidiaries or to other third parties, across borders, and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world to enable us to use that personal data as described above. Our standard practice is to use European Union model clauses for the transfer of data from the EEA & Switzerland to other non-EEA countries.
Finecast is sensitive to children’s privacy. Our Website is not developed for or directed at children under age 13. Finecast specifically requests that children not provide information about themselves through our Website.  If you believe your child has provided this kind of information and would like it deleted from our database, you can contact us at privacy@finecast.com. If we become aware we’ve collected information about a child under the age of 13, we’ll delete it.
Finecast will keep your information that we collect on the Website for a reasonable period for the purposes set out above. Finecast follows generally accepted online advertising industry standards to ensure that your personal data disclosed to us is kept secure, accurate and up to date and kept only for so long as is necessary for the purposes for which it is used.  These standards include undertaking necessary physical, electronic, and management activities required to protect data integrity, access, and use.
Maintaining the privacy of our users’ information is very important to us which means we take care and pay special attention to our security measures to protect this information from data breaches. Finecast follows industry standards to protect against the unauthorized access to, retention of, and disclosure of information. This includes physical, electronic, and management activities to protect information integrity, access, and use.
A link from our Website to another website does not imply our endorsement of affiliates or websites, and we do not control third party websites to which we link, nor assume responsibility for their content or privacy policies. Once you follow a link to another website, this Privacy Notice no longer applies. It’s important to always read the privacy policy of any website you are visiting.
In the event that another company acquires Finecast, or all or substantially all of the assets of our business, through a consolidation, merger, asset purchase, or other transaction, Finecast reserves the right to transfer all information (including any information you may have provided by completing a ‘contact us’ form on the Website that is in our possession or under our control to the acquiring party, and that information may be used by the acquiring party in its business.
You have the right to access, update, change, delete, restrict the use of, or obtain a copy of your personal data in an easily readable format. In certain circumstances, you may also request that GroupM transfer your Personal Data to a third party, and the right to object to its use for marketing. If you wish to exercise any of these rights please contact us at privacy@finecast.com.
Where Finecast’s processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you also have the right to withdraw this consent at any time by contacting us at privacy@finecast.com. Please note that your withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of our processing of your personal data prior to withdrawal of consent.
Please note that because of the changing nature of privacy laws and regulations, digital technologies, and our business, Finecast may modify this Privacy Notice from time to time. Please review this Privacy Notice periodically to become aware of any changes that may have occurred (we will update the effective date at the top of the page to help you know when changes have been made).
: Please contact us via privacy@finecast.com, or at Privacy, Finecast Holdings Limited, 26 Red Lion Square, London WC1R 4HQ, and we will do our best to address any complaints or worries you may have about how we collect and handle your personal data.
If for whatever reason you don’t feel like Finecast has adequately addressed your concerns you can contact the Data Protection Authority in your jurisdiction and make a formal complaint.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorised as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyse and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorised as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyse and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Disclaimer
You have requested access to a copy of a report prepared by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (“PwC”) on Finecast Limited’s delivery and reporting of addressable advertising campaigns for the three months ended 31 July 2019, for the Finecast ‘TV’ and ‘All Screen’ products (the “report”). Finecast Limited, to whom the report is addressed, has confirmed that a copy of the report may be provided to you. PwC* has consented to release of the report to you on condition that you accept and agree to the terms below.
By clicking on the link, I accept and agree for and on behalf of myself and the entity I represent (each a “recipient”) that:
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (“PwC”) accepts no liability (including liability for negligence) to each recipient in relation to PwC’s report. The report is provided to each recipient for information purposes only. If a recipient relies on PwC’s report, it does so entirely at its own risk;
No recipient will bring a claim against PwC which relates to the access to the report by a recipient;
Neither PwC’s report, nor information obtained from it, may be made available to anyone else without PwC’s prior written consent, except where required by law or regulation;
PwC’s report was prepared with Finecast Limited’s interests in mind. It was not prepared with any recipient’s interests in mind or for its use. PwC’s report is not a substitute for any enquiries that a recipient should make. The Finecast methodology covers a specific period of time in the past, and thus PwC’s assurance report is based on historical information. Any projection of such information or PwC’s opinion thereon to future periods is subject to the risk that changes may occur after the report is issued. For these reasons, such projection of information to future periods would be inappropriate;
PwC will be entitled to the benefit of and to enforce these terms.
These terms and any dispute arising from them, whether contractual or non-contractual, are subject to English law and the exclusive jurisdiction of English courts.
I don’t accept | I accept
* PwC refers to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, a limited liability partnership incorporated in England (number OC303525), whose registered office is at 1 Embankment Place, London WC2N 6RH
string(6) "WP_eNV"
string(10) "production"