https://fineartinsurance.com/privacy-statement/
FAQs
Art Community Resources
Other Policies Available
Latest
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
General Statement
Your privacy is our concern.  The nature of our business requires that we collect personal information about our clients -families and businesses – in order to help them select appropriate insurance or risk management solutions.  This information ranges from individual health or medical information to schedules of personal property.  We understand the sensitive nature of this information and therefore maintain the highest standards of confidentiality. We have extended our privacy policy to include any information gathered through the use of our web site and/or email correspondence.
When you Provide Personal Information
When you complete a form to request an insurance quotation we will consider your information to be confidential.  We will not sell, rent, or loan your information to any third party. The information provided by you will be used within our organization strictly for purposes of securing insurance quotations and/or insurance coverage.  During the normal course of business, we may provide your information to the insurance carriers with which we do business, but only for the sole purpose of procuring an insurance quotation or coverage on your behalf.
Our Outbound Correspondence
From time to time we may contact those individuals who have requested to be notified about new products and services, or for whom we have received an “opt-in” request for our online newsletter.  We also may follow up with individuals for whom a quotation was provided to answer questions.  Lists that we compile from visitors to our web site will not be made available for use by third parties.
If You Have A Problem Regarding Privacy and Our Site
Should you wish to be removed from an “opt-in” list for updates or for our newsletter, or have received unsolicited email from our site, please provide details about the problem to our Privacy Czar at personalinsurance@tooleinsurance.com
Get a Quote Today
contact us now
Contact Email: info@FineArtInsurance.com
Phone: 413-243-0089
Phone: 800-958-6653
Latest
AXA ART Presents Damages From Hurricane Sandy
Has the biggest art heist in US history been solved?
Brought to you by
Privacy Policy Your privacy is our concern.
The nature of our business requires that we collect personal information about our clients.
We understand the sensitive nature of this information and therefore maintain the highest standards of confidentiality. Please read our full statement here.
© 2020 Fine Art Insurance.
All rights reserved. Site design by Studio Two.
Home
Overview
Appraisals
Get a Quote
Insuring Fine Art
Art of Protection
Contact
FAQs
Art Community Resources
Other Policies Available
Latest
Privacy Statement
Open toolbar
Accessibility Tools
Increase Text
Decrease Text
Grayscale
High Contrast
Negative Contrast
Light Background
Links Underline
Readable Font
Reset