https://firstaidsafetytraining.ca/terms-and-privacy/
Safety Courses
H2S Alive
Ground Disturbance
Fall Protection
Common Safety Orientation (CSO)
OSSA Fire Watch
Confined Space Entry and Monitor
Industrial Confined Space Entry / Monitor
Industrial Fall Protection
Fire Extinguisher
Advanced Food Safety
Flagging
Respiratory FIT Test
TDG
WHMIS
First Aid & CPR Courses
Emergency First Aid
Standard First Aid
Online Standard First Aid – Canadian Red Cross Blended
Mental Health First Aid – Basic
Child Care Standard First Aid
Standard First Aid Recertification
Standard First Aid (Basic Life Support Provider CPR)
Basic Life Support Provider CPR
Basic Life Support Provider CPR – Renewal
Basic Life Support Provider CPR – Blended
Level C CPR
Level A/A+ CPR
Apex First Aid Instructor Training
Babysitting Course
First Aid FUNdamentals
ONLINE Safety Courses
Over 200 Online Safety Courses
Air Brakes Online Course (Study Guide/Refresher ONLY)
Back Safety Online Course
Bear Awareness Online Course
Chainsaw Safety Online Course
Defensive Driving Online Courses
Electrical Safety Online Courses
Fire Extinguisher Training Online
Forklift Safety Online Courses
TDG Online Courses
WHMIS Online Course
About Us
Consumer Choice Award
Our Team
Community Connections
Testimonials
Jobs
Contact
Location
Request a Group Quote
First Aid Safety Training
» Terms and Privacy
Email Notifications
Upcoming
H2S Alive
December 11, 2020
Confined Space Entry
December 11, 2020
BLS Provider CPR
December 11, 2020
View All
Please read the following terms and conditions including our cancellation policy before registering for your course.
Purchase Policy
Our goal at Spectrum Safety Services and Second Chance CPR & First Aid is to make your course registration experience easy, efficient and equitable, so you can get your training as quickly as possible. The following policies are designed to ensure your satisfaction and understanding of our online registration process. If you have any questions about the information below, please contact us.
info@firstaidsafetytraining.ca
Before completing your registration, carefully review the details for the course you have selected.  Please make sure that you have selected the course you require on the correct date.  Mistakes are not easily rectified after the sale has been confirmed.
Course confirmations are sent by email only.  It is possible that the confirmation email may be lost or filtered by an anti-spam program.  If you have not received your confirmation email within 24 hours of your registration, it is your responsibility to contact us to confirm your arrangements. Course reminders are not issued.
Class schedules and timelines are strictly followed.  Arriving late for your course may cause you to be turned away at the door.  Refunds are not issued for individuals who are turned away at the door for late arrival or non-attendance (no-shows).
Payment Methods
Spectrum Safety Services and Second Chance CPR & First Aid uses PayPal, a secure, reputable method of paying for your course online.  PayPal accepts several methods of payment to accommodate your needs, including: MasterCard, Visa, or you can use your personal PayPal account.
Our website is also secured by Sectigo. The Sectigo trust seal is a visual stamp displayed on a web site indicating the site is secure and the identity of the entity operating the site is authentic, letting users know transactions, purchases, and personal data transmitted through the site are protected by encryption and shared only with the genuine site operator.
General Course Policy
Spectrum Safety Services and Second Chance CPR & First Aid reserves the right to dismiss any student from a class for disruptive or inappropriate behavior. Students who are disruptive or exhibit inappropriate behavior will be removed from class and NO REFUND OR CREDIT WILL BE ISSUED.
We understand that in many situations, students may need to be in contact with their offices on an occasional basis. Please be courteous to the other students and the class instructor and instruct your employees to make these calls ONLY during a break or at lunch. During class all students are required to mute or turn off cell phones and refrain from using text messaging.
If you need to get a message to a student, please contact our office at 780-429-6757 and we will get a message to the student to call on their next break. We will NOT interrupt a student or allow the use of a cell phone during class unless it is an actual emergency.
All courses have maximum registration limitations based on regulatory requirements. All registrations are taken based on a first registered, first served basis and then based on pre-payment of registration fees.
Cancellation Policy
Once an individual has registered and paid for a course, a spot is reserved for that individual.  Class sizes are limited so we therefore employ a cancellation policy regarding refund or transfer of course fees. Once you have received confirmation of your reservation for the training course you will be liable for the entire course fee unless you give 2 full business days notification of cancellation.
Please note that since our administrative offices are closed on weekends and statutory holidays, business days do not include Saturdays, Sundays and statutory holidays.
For bookings cancelled with more than 2 full business days notice prior to the start of a course, registration fees will be refunded or transferred to another course at no cost or consequence. Changes to course bookings must be done in person or over the telephone during business hours. We do not accept cancellation or transfer requests by email or voicemail.
For bookings cancelled with less than 2 full business days notice prior to the start of a course, registration fees are NOT refundable.
Consideration will be given to in-person or telephone requests to re-schedule a course after the cancellation deadline has passed.  A transfer fee of $40.00+GST will apply in this situation.  Transfers must be confirmed and paid at time of rescheduling and can not be scheduled for more than 30 days into the future. Changes to course bookings must be done in person or over the telephone during regular business hours PRIOR to the original course date.  Cancellation or transfer requests are not accepted by email or voicemail.
Refunds and course transfers will not be considered on the day of any course or for non-attendance (no-show) to a course.
Cancelled or Postponed Events
Occasionally, courses are cancelled or postponed due to unforeseen circumstances such as weather conditions or situations affecting the instructor or attendance. Notification of any changes is made via email at least 24 hours prior to the scheduled start of the course.  When this occurs, Spectrum Safety Services and Second Chance CPR & First Aid will make every effort to ensure you receive a prompt refund. Spectrum Safety Services and Second Chance CPR & First Aid assumes no liability for cancellation of courses for any reason. Any ancillary costs related to the student taking a class (including but not limited to: airfare, travel, hotel, per-diem, mileage, lost employee wages or salary) are the responsibility of the student and/or the employer. If a class is cancelled, Spectrum Safety and Second Chance CPR & First Aid’s liability is limited to the amount of the registration fee ONLY. It is suggested that, prior to making any travel reservations, you contact our Registrar at (780) 429-6757 to confirm if a class has sufficient enrollment. If a course is cancelled, please contact us for information on receiving a refund. Please make sure to include/provide your transaction confirmation number so we can expedite your refund if applicable.
Our Privacy Policy
By purchasing a course online, you agree to receive email updates from us (e.g., changes to course location, time, etc.). Your personal information will not be shared at any other time with any other party but may be used to contact you once your certification expires, or to inform you about other courses we offer that may be of interest to you. If you have any questions about these terms and conditions, please call  (780) 429-6757 prior to registering for your course.
Online Registration Know what courses you need? Book online.
See Upcoming
Course Calendar Our courses are offered 7 days a week!
See Calendar
Find Us Convenient central location near Kingsway.
Find Us
Latest Tweets
Loading tweets...
Follow @SCCPRFirstAid