http://firstamericanfunds.com/home/privacy-pledge.aspx
Privacy Pledge
Search
Search
Home
Our Firm
Contact Us
Our Funds
Investment Team
Portfolio Management Team
Credit Research Team
Shareholder Documents
Portfolio Holdings
Tickers & CUSIPs
Fund News
Privacy Pledge
Our Pledge to youAt First American Funds, trust has always been the foundation of our relationship with customers. Because you trust us with your financial and other personal information, we're committed to respecting your privacy and safeguarding that information. In order to preserve that trust, we pledge to protect your privacy by adhering to the practices described below.
First American Funds' Privacy Policy
We want to provide an explanation to Consumers of what nonpublic personal information is and how it's collected and used.
A "Consumer" is considered an individual investor who invests or has invested in our products for personal, family or household purposes."Nonpublic personal information" is nonpublic information that we obtain while providing financial products or services to you.
How we collect your informationWe obtain nonpublic information about you during the account opening process from the applications and other forms you are asked to complete and from the transactions you make with us.а We may also receive nonpublic information about you from companies affiliated with us or from other companies that provide services to you.
The types of information we collectWe may collect the following nonpublic personal information about you:
Information about your identity, such as your name, address, and social security number.
Information about your transactions with us.
Information you provide on applications, such as your beneficiaries and banking information, if provided to us.
Why we collect your informationWe gather nonpublic personal information about you and your accounts so that we can:
Know who you are and prevent unauthorized access to your information.
Comply with the laws and regulations that govern us.
What information we discloseWe may share some or all of the nonpublic personal information that we collect about you with our affiliated providers of financial services, including our family of funds and their advisor, and with companies that perform shareholder services on our behalf. We do not use nonpublic information received from our affiliates for marketing purposes.We're permitted by law to disclose nonpublic personal information about you to other third parties in certain circumstances. For example, we may disclose nonpublic personal information about you to affiliated and nonaffiliated third parties to assist us in servicing your account (e.g., mailing of fund-related materials) and to government entities (e.g., IRS for tax purposes).We'll continue to adhere to the privacy policies and practices described here even after your account is closed or becomes inactive.
Confidentiality and securityTo protect nonpublic personal information about you, we restrict access to such information to only those employees and authorized agents who need to use the information.а We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to maintain the confidentiality and security of nonpublic information about you.а In addition, we require our service providers to restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need that information in order to provide products or services to you. We also require them to maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with applicable federal standards and regulations to guard your information.
Additional rights and protectionsYou may have other privacy protections under applicable state laws. To the extent that these state laws apply, we will comply with them when we share information about you. This privacy policy does not apply to your relationship with other financial service providers, such as broker-dealers. We may amend this privacy notice at any time, and we will inform you of changes as required by law.Our pledge applies to products and services offered by the First American Family of Funds
Ж First American Funds, Inc. began offering shares to the public on April 9, 1982.
Mutual Fund investing involves risk; principal loss is possible.
Investors should carefully consider the fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information;
click here to view prospectuses. Please read it carefully before investing.
U.S. Bancorp Asset Management, Inc. serves as investment advisor to First American Funds. The Funds are distributed by Quasar Distributors, LLC.
The funds referred to in this website may be offered only to persons in the United States. This website should not be considered a solicitation or offering of shares of the funds outside the United States.
ж NOT FDIC INSURED жа NO BANK GUARANTEE жа MAY LOSE VALUE ж
Sitemap
Privacy Pledge
Terms of Use
й 2020 U.S. Bancorp Asset Management. All Rights Reserved