https://firstsecuritybk.com/privacy/
Skip to content
COVID-19 / Schedule an Appointment
PAY FSB LOAN   |   CONTACT   |   ABOUT FSB   |   LOST/STOLEN DEBIT CARD
Facebook
Privacy Policy
What does First Security Bank do with your personal information?
FACTS
What does First Security Bank
do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
Account balances and payment history
Credit history and credit scores
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information, the reasons First Security Bank chooses to share, and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal informationDoes First Security
Bank share?Can you limit
this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes –
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureausYesNo
For our marketing purposes –
to offer our products and services to you
YesNo
For joint marketing with other financial companiesYesNo
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes –
information about your transactions and experiencesNoWe don't share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes –
information about your creditworthinessNoWe don't share
For nonaffiliates to market to you NoWe don't share
Questions?
Call 662-563-9311
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?First Security Bank
What we do
How does First Security Bank
protect my personal information?To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. We limit access to information to employees for whom access is appropriate.
How does First Security Bank collect my personal information?We collect your personal information, for example, when you
• open an account or deposit money
• pay your bills or apply for a loan
• use your credit or debit card
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?Federal law gives you the right to limit only
• sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness
• affiliates from using your information to market to you
• sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
AffiliatesCompanies related by common ownership or control. They can befinancial and nonfinancial companies.
• First Security Bank does not share with our affiliates.
NonaffiliatesCompanies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• First Security Bank does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint marketingA formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that
together market financial products or services to you.
• First Security Bank does not jointly market. ·
Other important information
N/A
© 2020 First Security Bank | Website by RG
Scroll To Top