http://fitnessfashions.com/pages/privacy-policy
15% Off our entire Onzie Collection. Code “HOLIDAY15", NO min. purchase
HomeHoliday DealsWhat's NewWomen
Tops
Bra Tops
Long Tops
Tank Tops
Short Sleeve
Long Sleeve
Jackets
Leotards
Casual
Dresses
Sweat shirts
Sweaters
Sweat sets
Bottoms
Shorts
Fitted Capris
Leggings
Loose Pants and Capris
Boot Cut Pants
Sweat Pants
Unitards and Bodysuits
Casual
Sweat sets
Accessories
Purses
Headbands, Leg Warmers, and Hand Warmers
Scarves, Shawls and Vests
Necklaces
Bracelets and Wraps
Men
Men TopsMen BottomsKids
Kid TopsKid BottomsBrands
Brand A - E
Anemone seamless
Balance Fitwear
Babalu
Beulah Style
Bia Brazil
Bird & Vine
Consciously Cool Chick
Equilibrium
Brand F - N
Fornia
Fitwear
Good HYOUman
Hem & Thread
KOS*USA
Lovestitch
Manduka
Margarita
Mono B.
Nikibiki
Noli
Brand O - P
Ocean Drive
Oddi
One Step Ahead
Onzie Hot Yoga
Phat Buddha
Planet Body
POL
Brand S - Z
Sadhana
Shape Up
Strut This
Sure Design
T-Party
Truly Madly Deeply
Very Moda
Vintage Havana
XOXO
Yogi
Final Sale!
Sale Women Tops
Sale Bra Tops
Sale Tank Tops
Sale Long Tops
Sale Short Sleeve
Sale Long Sleeve
Sale Casual
Sale Leotards
Sale Jackets
Sale Sweat Shirts
Sale Women Bottoms
Sale Shorts
Sale Fitted Capris
Sale Loose Pants and Capris
Sale Leggings
Sale Boot Cut Pants
Sale Sweat Pants
Sale Casual
Sale Unitards and Bodysuits
Sale Women Accessories
Sale Accessories
Sale Men & Kids
Sale Men
Sale Kids
Masks
OUR COMMITMENT
At fitnessfashions.com, we respect the privacy of our customers. To show our commitment, we created this privacy statement to disclose our information-gathering and dissemination practices for the fitnessfashions.com website. Bottom line, fitnessfashions.com only collects personally identifiable information that you give us, and we do not rent or sell your personal information to anyone.
WHEN AND WHY WE COLLECT INFORMATION, AND HOW WE USE IT
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer our website. This IP address does not link to any personally identifiable information. We also identify your computer using cookies, which help us:
enhance site navigation and keep track of products in your shopping cart
improve site design and content
identify and compensate partner sites
analyze partnerships and marketing campaigns
make special offers and provide personalized content
At fitnessfashions.com, we use third-party service providers to gather and analyze information about our customers to help us better deliver our products and services. While these companies may store data or use cookies on our behalf, we do not share (and they do not collect) information that would enable them to identify you individually. Their only role is to help fitnessfashions.com conduct business and deliver the most relevant products and services. In addition we provide you the option to deactivate fitnessfashions.com’s ability to analyze your anonymous browsing and purchase behavior through the use of these third-party services. To find out more about our service providers, including their privacy policies and how to opt out, go to the opting out section below.
We use aggregate demographic and site-traffic data internally, and we may provide this aggregate information about our customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information to trusted third-party vendors, but this information is not used for secondary purposes.
Our registration form asks you to give us contact information (like your name, address and email address). We use this information to speed up the order process and to contact you when you request or when its necessary (for example, if there is a problem fulfilling your order).
fitnessfashions.com uses an order form to allow you to purchase products and services. When you order from us, we collect shipping and billing information (like a credit card number). This info is used to process and send your orders; we also use it to contact you if there is a problem with your order. Billing information is used to charge you for products and services you purchase through our site. In order to provide you with the services you request, some billing and shipping information is provided to trusted third-party vendors, but they can’t use this information for secondary purposes.
We may occasionally use registration or order information to contact you by email or direct mail about promotions. special events and to send you a catalog. If you are not interested in hearing about these offers, you may opt-out of receiving future communications from fitnessfashions.com; see the opting out section below. fitnessfashions.com will never rent or sell your personal information to anyone. fitnessfashions.com has formed partnerships with other sites to provide you with special content and services, but we will not share your personal information with these sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other web sites. If you are concerned about the privacy practices of our partners, please check the privacy policies for each company.
fitnessfashions.com uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology and a secure server to protect your personal information when you are placing an order or registering at the site. SSL technology encrypts files allowing only fitnessfashions.com to access your personal information.
OPTING OUT
If you are no longer interested in receiving communications from fitnessfashions.com, you have several options for blocking future contact. To stop email communications or to stop receiving direct mail from fitnessfashions.com, use any of the methods listed below:
You can email us at: info@fitnessfashions.com
You can snail mail us at:Fitness Fashions22706 Ventura BlvdWoodland Hills, CA 91364USA
You can call us on our toll-free telephone number: 818 – 999 – 9509
CORRECT OR UPDATE YOUR ACCOUNT
Our site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:
You can email us at: info@fitnessfashions.com
You can snail mail us at:Fitness Fashions22706 Ventura BlvdWoodland Hills, CA 91364USA
You can call us on our toll-free telephone number: 818 – 999 – 9509
CHANGES IN FITNESSFASHIONS.COM PRIVACY POLICY
If we decide to change fitnessfashions.com’s policy, we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we use it and whether we share it with anyone. fitnessfashions.com’s privacy policy was most recently modified on September 30, 2000.
CONTACTING FITNESSFASHIONS.COM
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site you can use any of the following methods:
You can email us at: info@fitnessfashions.com
You can snail mail us at:Fitness Fashions22706 Ventura BlvdWoodland Hills, CA 91364USA
You can call us on our toll-free telephone number: 818 – 999 – 9509
Subscribe to our newsletter
A short sentence describing what someone will receive by subscribing
100% free, Unsubscribe any time!
Free delivery in USA
Orders over $99 ship for FREE
Price Match Guaranteed
Enjoy best prices on your purchases every time
Returns & Exchanges
Easy returns and exchanges within 30 days
Payments
Your payments are secure