http://fivestarrange.com/terms-and-conditions
FiveStar
Register |
Log-In
0 items
Products
Build Your Own
The FiveStar Story
In The Kitchen
Where To Buy
For Builders
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
USER AGREEMENT
(General Terms and Conditions of Use)
ATTENTION: Welcome to FiveStarRange.com (referred to as the “FiveStar
Site” or the “Site”), the Web site for FiveStar, a division of Brown Stove
Works, Inc. (“FiveStar”). THIS USER AGREEMENT, INCLUDING OUR PRIVACY POLICY AS
WELL AS ALL OTHER POLICIES DESCRIBED HEREIN (collectively the “User
Agreement”), GOVERNS YOUR USE OF THIS SITE. BY ACCESSING AND/OR USING THIS
SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS USER
AGREEMENT AS THE SAME MAY BE AMENDED OR REVISED FROM TIME TO TIME.
Privacy Policy.
Please review our Privacy Policy, which is part of this User Agreement and
describes how FiveStar handles any personally identifying information collected
from visitors to this FiveStar Site.
Terms and Conditions.
Please also read this User Agreement carefully, because by visiting or using
the FiveStar Site or by configuring appliances and/or other products on this
Site, you are agreeing to be legally bound by the terms and conditions
contained herein and to follow its rules.  Thus, the terms and conditions
of this User Agreement are to be the legal equivalent of a signed, written
contract that is mutually binding, and that you, the user, agree to such terms
and conditions. If you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this User
Agreement, you are instructed not to use the FiveStar Site.
The terms and conditions of this User Agreement may be altered or updated at
any time without notice. FiveStar may also, without notice, make improvements
and/or changes in the products described in information on this Site. Your
continued use of the Site after any of its terms and conditions have been
updated or changed constitutes your, the user, acceptance of the amended User
Agreement.
FiveStar reserves the right to terminate, revise, remove, suspend or
discontinue any aspect of the Site, including the availability of any features
at any time. FiveStar may remove, modify or otherwise change any content,
including that of third parties, on or from the Site. FiveStar may limit
certain features and services or restrict access to parts or to the entire Site
without notice or liability.
Legal Notice. The information contained in this Site is not
intended to be, and should not be construed as, legal and/or other professional
advice. You are advised to consult with your own professional legal advisors
before relying on any content or information contained in this Site.
Intellectual, Copyright and Trademark Property Rights. This
FiveStar Site is protected by applicable law, including, but not limited to,
United States copyright and trademark law, as well as other state, national,
and international laws and regulations. Except as expressly provided herein,
FiveStar does not grant any express or implied right(s) to users of this Site.
FiveStar actively protects its intellectual property rights. The contents of
this Site are © 2007 Brown Stove Works, Inc.  All Rights Reserved.
Removing or altering the copyright notice is strictly prohibited on any
material on this Site. Brown Stove Works, Inc. also owns a copyright in the
Site as a collective work.
Grant of License. Users of this Site may download and/or
print one copy of any and all materials from the Site solely for personal,
noncommercial use, provided that you do not modify the materials in any way,
nor delete or change any copyright or trademark. Except as expressly provided
above, users may not copy, reproduce or publish any information or material on
this Site. All hard copies must contain all copyright and other applicable
notices contained in, or applicable to, such materials and information.
All material on this Site is provided for lawful purposes only.  To
receive permission to use materials and information beyond the stated scope of
the license granted herein, please contact: FiveStar Customer Service at
P.O. Box 2490, Cleveland, TN  37320-2490 or by calling us at 423.476.6544.
Third Party Content. This Site may contain materials, data
or information provided or posted by third parties, including but not limited
to postings in online community discussions. You, the user, agree that FiveStar
shall not have any liability whatsoever to you for any such third party
material, data or information. If you believe that any materials on this Site
infringe on copyright or intellectual property interest, notify FiveStar with a
description and location of the material you claim is infringing on this Site.
Submissions to the FiveStar Web site. FiveStar welcomes
your submissions; however, any non-personal information that you submit to
FiveStar through this Site shall not be considered or treated as confidential
information. Information submitted will be the exclusive property of FiveStar.
FiveStar does not receive the submission under any confidential or fiduciary
relationship. FiveStar may use the submission for any purpose without
restriction or compensation.
Online Communities User Conduct. This Site may contain
areas where you may post comments with other Site users. By using this Site,
you agree that you will not post unlawful, racist, threatening, obscene or
offensive comments or materials. You agree that any materials posted or
submitted by you do not infringe on third party copyrights, trademark or
intellectual property rights. FiveStar reserves the right to remove any
material it deems objectionable without notice to the user.
Links to Other Web Sites. FiveStar provides links to other
Internet sites for the convenience of its users in locating related information
and services. Sites may be maintained by third parties over which FiveStar has
no control. FiveStar disclaims any responsibility for the terms and conditions
of use, policies, content, accuracy of the information and quality of products
or services provided by such third-party web sites. This User Agreement and the
Privacy Policy do not apply to these other Web sites. Be sure to read the user
agreements and privacy policies that govern your use of these other Web sites.
Links from Other Web Sites. All links to the FiveStar Site
must be approved in writing by FiveStar prior to linking to the FiveStar Site.
FiveStar typically consents to links which direct a user to the Home page of
the Site and not into deeper pages within the Site. All links may not alter the
appearance of the FiveStar Site or imply a partnership with FiveStar. FiveStar
reserves the right to revoke consent to a link at its sole discretion.
Upon receiving permission from FiveStar, you may link to the home page of the
Site as long as the link does not cast us in a false or misleading light and
provided you notify us in writing when you have done so.  Please let us
know if and when you link to the Site by contacting us at: customerservice@fivestarrange.com.
You may not frame the content of the FiveStar Site. You may not use metatags
or any other "hidden text" that incorporates the FiveStar trademarks
or FiveStar’s name without our express written consent.
FiveStar does not make any warranty that this Site’s content will meet your
requirements, or that this Site will remain uninterrupted, secure or free from
errors, nor does FiveStar make any warranty as to the results that may be
acquired from using this Site.  Any reliance on any opinion, advice or
information shall be at your own risk. Disclaimer and Limitation of
Liability
THIS WEB SITE AND THE INFORMATION, CONTENTS, GRAPHICS, DOCUMENTS AND OTHER
ELEMENTS INCLUDED HEREIN (COLLECTIVELY THE "CONTENTS") ARE PROVIDED
ON AN "AS IS” BASIS WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND.  FIVESTAR HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD
TO THE WEB SITE CONTENTS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT. EXCEPT AS MAY BE EXPRESSLY STATED ON THIS WEB SITE, NEITHER
FIVESTAR IT NOR ANY OF ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES OR
OTHER AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SITE, OR THE INFORMATION
OR CONTENTS AVAILABLE FROM THIS SITE. THIS IS A COMPREHENSIVE LIMITATION OF
LIABILITY THAT APPLIES TO ALL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING (WITHOUT
LIMITATION) COMPENSATORY, DIRECT, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSS OF
DATA, INCOME OR PROFIT, LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY AND CLAIMS OF THIRD
PARTIES. THE CONTENTS OF THIS SITE COULD INCLUDE TECHNICAL INACCURACIES OR
TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. CHANGES ARE PERIODICALLY ADDED TO THE CONTENTS OF THIS
SITE.  FIVESTAR MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS, DELETIONS, CHANGES OR OTHER
MODIFICATIONS TO THIS SITE, THE CONTENTS HEREOF, AND THE PRODUCTS AND APPLIANCE
DESCRIBED HEREIN AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE.
Some states and/or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain
warranties or liabilities, some of the above exclusions may not apply.
Configured appliances on this Site, including specifications, prices,
features and colors thereof, may not be a definite representation of the actual
appliance and/or product. All information and appliances are subject to change
without notice.
Termination
We reserve the right to terminate access to or use of the FiveStar Site and
this User Agreement at any time without notice for any reason, including, in
the case of the User Agreement, for your violation of any of its provisions.
The Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability and Governing Law sections of this
User Agreement shall survive any such termination.
Governing Law. This User Agreement will be governed by the
laws of the State of Tennessee applicable to contracts made and performed there
without regard to its conflicts of law principles. You agree to submit to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the State and
Tennessee, Bradley County, and you agree to waive any jurisdictional, venue, or
inconvenient forum objections to such courts.
®Registered/Trademark™ of Brown Stove Works Incorporated.  All contents
© 2007 Brown Stove Works Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of http://www.fivestarrange.com.
Our corporate office mailing address is:  P.O. Box, 2490, Cleveland,
TN  37320-2490.
We can be reached via e-mail at customerservice@fivestarrange.com,
or you can reach us by telephone at 423-476-6544.
For each visitor to our Web site, our Web server automatically recognizes
the consumer's IP address.
We collect aggregate information on what web pages consumers access or visit
and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or
site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web site,
to customize the content and/or layout of our site for each individual visitor,
and by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our
Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address,
email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web
sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest
to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your
choices about not having this information used by these companies, send an
email to customerservice@fivestarrange.com with your request.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record session information, such
as items consumers add to their shopping cart, and record past activity on our
site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us
know by sending an e-mail to unsubscribe@fivestarrange.com,
calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above
address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic
mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming
events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by
sending an e-mail to unsubscribe@fivestarrange.com,
calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above
address. Please be sure and provide us with your exact name and address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive
telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed
on-line. Please be sure and supply us with your exact name and address.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special
relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated
uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information
practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to
our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to
opt-out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is
used, you should check back at our Web site periodically. Customers may prevent
their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it
was originally collected by sending an e-mail to unsubscribe@fivestarrange.com,
calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above
address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to unique identifier
information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them,
transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts
and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, and contact information
(e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them. Consumers can
access this information by sending an e-mail to customerservice@fivestarrange.com,
calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above
address.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in
contact information. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending
an e-mail to customerservice@fivestarrange.com,
calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above
address.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of
sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect
visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on
our site, We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical
facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information
that we have collected from you at our site.
© 2010 FiveStar Range
FAQs
Contact
Terms & Conditions
Policies
Testimonials
Product Manuals
Register Warranty