https://flaire.com/privacy/
866-428-9611 or 612-789-2446
sales@flaire.com
Toggle navigation
Home
Overview
Managed Marketing Automation
What We Do
B2B Marketing
B2C Marketing
Print Communications
Post-it® Notes
About Us
News
Blog
Contact Us
Privacy Information
Home /
Privacy Information
Thank you for visiting flaire.com. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used on this site.
The Information We Collect
On our site you can subscribe to our e-newsletter, product and service announcements, or request more information, product catalogs, CDs, or other items from our advertisers, or request listing(s) in one of our directories, or participate in one of our online forums, polls or communities. The personally identifiable information that may be collected includes: name, company, address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and services.
How We Use the Information
We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for products, programs, and services offered by us or one of our advertisers, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, and to offer you other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you.
When you request more information on a product or service, or a product catalog, CD, or other item offered by an advertiser or flaire.com, your personal information is disclosed to only that particular advertiser offering the item so they can fulfill your request directly.
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you, such as when we make changes to our subscriber agreements, to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter, or to contact you about your account with us.
The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience. We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and, from time to time, to offer you products, programs, or services.
If you choose to submit content for publication we may publish your name, company and other information you have provided to us.
We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage, as well as to offer you products, programs, or services.
We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request, or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use, or as otherwise required by law. In addition, we may transfer information about you if we are acquired by or merged with another company.
Agents, representatives and contractors of flaire.com who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for flaire.com.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice.
Our advertisers or partners may disclose personally identifiable information to companies whose practices are not covered by this privacy notice (e.g., other marketers, magazine publishers, retailers, participatory databases, and non-profit organizations) that want to market products or services to you.
We may on occasion combine information we receive online with outside records to enhance our ability to market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you. However, you will always have an option to opt-out of these uses.
Finally, flaire.com will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses.
Cookies
To enhance your experience with our sites, some of our web pages use “cookies.” Cookies are text files we place in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering at one of our sites. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our sites. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to our site), save your password in password-protected areas, and enable you to use shopping carts on our sites. We also may use cookies to offer you products, programs, or services.
Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites, Ad Servers, and Sponsors
Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites’ privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
The site covered by this Privacy Notice sometimes may offer content (e.g., contests, sweepstakes, or promotions) that is sponsored by or cobranded with identified third parties. By virtue of these relationships, the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity. Automation Resources, Inc. has no control over these third parties’ use of this information. The flaire.com site will notify you at the time of requesting personally identifiable information if these third parties will obtain such information.
flaire.com may use cookies, web beacons, clear .gifs or similar technologies to help present advertisements, and to help measure and research the advertisements’ effectiveness.
Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
How You can Access or Correct Information
For instructions on how you can access the personally identifiable information that this site has collected about you online, or how to correct factual errors in such information, please contact us.
To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about the online policy for this site or its implementation you may contact us using our contact us page.
Updates & Effective Date
From time to time, we may update this privacy notice. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by placing a notice on our site. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this policy so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and to whom we disclose it.
The Privacy Notice posted on this site was updated on or about March 27, 2017.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Your Lead Generation Engine – A New Kind of Tune-up
Blogs & Blogging – A Critical Element of Your B2B Tactical Mix
Why Managed Marketing Automation Makes Sense for Small to Midsized B2B Organizations
Managed Marketing Automation Division Launched by Flaire Print
Recent CommentsArchives
April 2017
March 2017
Categories
Blog
News
Meta
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org
Flaire Marketing | Privacy
Modality Theme powered by WordPress