https://flexfab.com/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyHomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Flexfab Privacy Policy was updated September 1st, 2020.
This Privacy Policy explains which personal data we (Flexfab LLC) collect and how we use such personal data when you use the Flexfab website (Flexfab.com) and/or Flexfab apps (including My Flexfab). By using our Services you agree to Flexfab’s Privacy Policy and that we, may process, transfer and store your information in the United States at our corporate headquarters, 102 Cook Road, Hastings, Michigan 49058.Flexfab DOES NOT sell any personal data obtained and processed by Flexfab LLC, digital properties. Contact webmaster@flexfab.com for questions or concerns.TABLE OF CONTENTS:1      FLEXFAB PRIVACY STATEMENT1.1   MISSION/VISION1.2   POLICY1.3   COOKIES1.4   GOOGLE ANALYTICS1.5   LINKEDIN (EVENT SPECIFIC PIXEL)1.6   FACEBOOK (PIXEL)1.7   CRAFT AND FORMS2      MY FLEXFAB POLICY1      FLEXFAB PRIVACY STATEMENT1.1   MISSION/VISIONFlexfab is a global company serving customers worldwide in a competitive environment and is exposed to traditional and emerging threats. We must provide Flexfab technological resources, products, and services with an adequate level of security to anticipate and mitigate risks. Flexfab’s mission is: “To deliver exceptional experiences to our customers, our people, and our community every day”. 1.2   POLICYFlexfab is responsible for processing any personal data or information we collect. All information is held in strict confidence. Flexfab will not sell or share your information with anyone else.Management is responsible for safeguarding and the continuous improvement of these resources. Management is required to develop plans to minimize exposure to potential loss, and the interruption of service. Responsibilities include restricting access, protecting the integrity of data, and physically securing the IT systems.Flexfab considers all design level data provided by our customers as confidential and propriety to the customer.1.3   COOKIESWe use cookies on our website. Cookies are small text files that are stored by your browser when you visit a website. This identifies the browser used and can be recognized by our web server. This manner of processing serves our legitimate interest in making our website more user-friendly, effective and secure.Most of the cookies we use are known as “session cookies”. They are deleted after the end of you visit. Other cookies (“persistent cookies”) are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may vary depending on the cookie. You can delete cookies at any time in the security settings of your browser. You can object in principle to the use of cookies through your browser settings.1.4  GOOGLE ANALYTICSFlexfab, LLC use Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA). Google Analytics is used to assign data, sessions and interactions via more than one device to a ClientID for analyzing purposes.These cookies are further used for marketing purposes, in order to target ideal customers with relevant advertising material.1.5  LINKEDIN (EVENT SPECIFIC PIXEL)Flexfab, LLC uses “event specific pixels” from LinkedIn. This tracks user behavior after they have been redirected to our websites by clicking on a LinkedIn ad. This is solely used to measure the effectiveness of LinkedIn ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users. However, this data is stored and processed by LinkedIn.1.6  FACEBOOK (PIXEL)Flexfab, LLC uses “visitor action pixels” from Facebook Inc. This tracks user behavior after they have been redirected to our websites by clicking on a Facebook ad. This is solely used to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users. However, this data is stored and processed by Facebook.1.7  CRAFT AND FORMSFlexfab, LLC uses Craft CMS, including Craft’s default cookie settings, to build our Digital Properties. For GDPR, LGPD, & CCPA compliance:Craft’s default cookies do not collect any personal or sensitive information. Craft's default cookies do not collect IP addresses. The information they store is not sent to Pixel & Tonic or any 3rd parties.Craft’s default cookies are only used to communicate with your Craft installation for the purposes of user authentication, form validation/security, and basic web application operations.By disabling cookies Craft cannot process or store completed forms needed for Flexfab to support any business or support requests.2
MY FLEXFAB POLICY:Policy
Flexfab, LLC built the My Flexfab app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Flexfab, LLC at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at My Flexfab unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy. The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory. This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at myflexfab@flexfab.com.