https://fluidic-ltd.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
(1) Introduction
This website is owned and operated by Fluidic Ltd. We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors. This policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
(2) What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data: (a) information about your visits to and use of this website (b) information about any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating to any purchases you make of our services (c) information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us and/or subscribing to our website services and/or email notifications
(3) Information about website visits
We may collect information about you computer and your visits to this website such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views. We may use this information in the administration of this website, to improve the website’s usability, and for marketing purposes.
(4) Using your personal data
Personal data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website. In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may use your personal information to: (a) send information (other than marketing communications) to you which we think may be of interest to you by post or by email or similar technology (b) send to you marketing communications relating to our business which we think may be of interest to you by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications to be sent by emailing us at Fluidic Ltd. We will not provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
(5) Other disclosures
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may disclose information about you: (a) to the extent that we are required to do so by law (b) in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings (c) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk) (d) to the purchaser or seller (or prospective purchaser or seller) of any business or asset which we are (or are contemplating) selling or purchasing Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
(6) Security of your personal data
We will take reasonable precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
(7) Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
(8) Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of third party websites.
(9) Cookies
Cookies are small amounts of information which we may store on your computer. We do use cookies on our website. For more information visit our Cookie Policy page
(10) Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal data, please write to us by post to:
Fluidic Limited
Drumhead Place
Cambuslang
GLASGOW
G32 8EY
Phone :+44 (0)141 641 5920
Fax :+44 (0)141 641 2687
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled