https://foranequine.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Website privacy policy for Foran Equine
This statement relates to our privacy practices in connection with the website, www.foranequine.ie. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such. This website is operated by Foran Healthcare Limited, a company incorporated and registered in Ireland with company registration number 52655 whose registered office is at 2 Cherry Orchard Industrial Estate, Ballyfermot, Dublin 10, Ireland (“Foran Equine”, “we”, “us” or “our”).  You can contact us at this address or by using any of the contact information provided at the end of this statement.
Introduction
Foran Equine has created this Privacy Statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. We fully respect your right to privacy, and will not collect any personal information about you on this website without your permission. Any personal information which you volunteer to us will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, in accordance with the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 (‘DPA’).The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices of Foran Equine through this website.
A user can access our website and utilise some of our website’s functionality without providing any personal information. However, all users who become a registered user of our website must provide basic contact and demographic information.
We do not follow a user’s browsing path outside of our website.
Collection and use of personal information
Foran Equine does not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from information which you volunteer, for example by creating a user account, registering for any service, completing an online form, purchasing a product and providing feedback and comments. We also hold data specific to your registration, including products purchased, payments made and personal preferences. This information is NOT disclosed to any third party without your prior consent, as it is used by us only in line with the purpose for which you provided it. However, we may disclose your information where we believe it is appropriate to comply with any law or enforce our website policies. Your personal data may also be anonymised and used for statistical purposes.
Commenting and social media
Foran Equine may allow users to leave comments and share articles on the website. In order to do so, you must be logged in to the website. If you are not already logged in, you will be prompted to do so when you attempt to post a comment. To leave a comment, you must log in as a means of authentication. Users’ interaction on the website is subject to our Terms of Use,  which users must read and accept in full before placing any comments or materials on our website.
Foran Equine may from time to time use social media accounts and pages on and to which users may interact and post comments and other materials. Any such user interaction and contribution is subject to our Terms of Use  and any acceptable use policy published by the social media provider. We do not undertake or accept responsibility for monitoring inappropriate conduct or comments on any social media we may use. If at any time we choose to monitor such content or conduct, we nonetheless assume no responsibility for such content or conduct, have no contractual obligation to modify, remove or seek the modification or removal of such content, and no responsibility for the conduct of the persons submitting such content.
Cookies
Certain sections of our website require the use of cookies, which are small pieces of data sent by a website’s server to your computer or other device that allows that website to, amongst other things, retrieve your user preferences, to personalise your visits and to simplify any sign-in procedures. To learn more about cookies and our use of these on this website, please see our Cookies Policy.
Information automatically logged
We log your IP address, browser’s user agent and referring address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our website and to identify unique users.
Irish Data Protection Commissioner
Further information on your data privacy rights is available on the website of the Irish Data Protection Commissioner:www.dataprotection.ie
Financial information
Certain online purchase options require users to provide financial information (such as their credit card number) and demographic information (such as their address etc.). Financial information collected is used solely to bill the user for products ordered.
Surveys
From time to time, our website requests information from users via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact details (such as name and delivery address) and demographic information (such as address and age grouping). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes; demographic information will be used for purposes of monitoring and improving the website. No personal information will be retained for longer than is necessary or used for any undisclosed purpose.
Foran Equine may, with your expressed permission, send you e-mails regarding its products.
External links
This website contains links to other websites. Foran Equine is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites.
Security
This website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100 per cent secure. As a result, Foran Equine cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us — you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our systems.
Opt-in to receive promotional material
Our website may provide users with the opportunity to opt-in to receive promotional/marketing information from Foran Equine and selected advertisers via email. If you subscribe to our newsletter or any other e-mail updates, by submitting your e-mail address through a subscribe facility on our website, and you wish to opt-out of receiving these communications, please access the “Unsubscribe” link that is available on all such emails. If you have any difficulty unsubscribing please contact us by using the contact information provided at the end of this Privacy Statement.
Correcting and updating
Foran Equine offers users the ability to change certain personal identifiable information (e.g. e-mail address) collected during the signup process.
Requests regarding data supplied via this website
On request, we supply copies of your personal data which you may have supplied via this website. If you wish to obtain such copies, you must write to us at our mailing address provided below, or e-mail us at info@foranequine.ie. You should include any personal identifiers which you supplied earlier via the website (e.g. Name; address; phone number; e-mail address). Your request will be dealt with as soon as possible and will take not more than 40 days to process.
If you discover that we hold inaccurate information about you, you can request us to correct that information. Such a request must be in writing or via e-mail.
In certain circumstances you may also request that data which you have supplied via the website be deleted. If you wish to request a deletion, you would generally be expected to identify some contravention of data protection law in the manner in which Foran Equine processes the data concerned.
Contacting the website
If you have any questions, requests or complaints regarding this Privacy Statement, please contact us at:
Email:    info@foranequine.ie
Registered Office:     Foran Healthcare Limited, 2 Cherry Orchard Industrial Estate, Ballyfermot, Dublin 10
Changes to this Statement
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Statement from time to time, as our data collection practices change. By using our website you agree to be bound by this Privacy Statement and any revisions in effect at the time of use. We encourage you to periodically review our Privacy Statement to determine the current policies in force.
This statement was last modified May 2013
SAFE accredited
Links and Support
Shipping & Payments
Returns & Refunds
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Sitemap
Company details
Contact Us
Foran Equine, A division of Foran Healthcare, 2 Cherry Orchard Industrial Estate, Dublin 10, Ireland
info@foranequine.com
1800 804 306
+353 (0)1 626 8058
Tweets
Follow @ForanEquine
Tweet
Tweets by @ForanEquine
There are no products