https://forestriverinc.com/privacypolicy.aspx
Last Revised: 12/31/19
Forest River, Inc. (collectively with its subsidiaries, “Forest River,” “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our,”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your privacy through our compliance with this Website Privacy Policy (the “Policy”). This Policy should be read in conjunction with our Website Terms of Use , into which this Policy is incorporated by reference.
This Policy describes:
The types of information we collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our website available at:
https://www.forestriverinc.com/ as well as our associated domains listed at the end of this Policy , and any blogs or forums directly owned by Forest River (collectively, our “Website”).
Our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
Please read this Policy carefully to understand our practices regarding your information and how we will treat it.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, then please do not use our Website.
By using our Website, you agree to the terms of this Policy.
This Policy may change from time to time (see below, “Changes to this Policy”).
Your continued use of our Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the Policy periodically for updates.
What We Collect and How We Collect It
To ensure that we provide you with the best possible experience, we will store, use, and share information about you in accordance with this Policy.
Information You Provide to Us
Personal Information is any information that can be used to individually identify you from a larger group, such as data including, but not limited to, your:
first and last name
email address
telephone number
mailing address
Vehicle Identification Number (“VIN”) (optional)
comments or messages provided in free text boxes
You may provide us Personal Information when you:
contact us
request information
apply for a job
register yourself with the Website
The information that you provide in each case will vary. In some cases, we may ask you to create a username and password that should only be known to you.
Automated Information Collection
In addition to the information that you provide to us, we may also collect information about you during your visit to our Website.
We collect this information using automated tools that are detailed below.
These tools may collect information about your behavior and your computer system, such as your internet address (IP Address), the pages you have viewed, and the actions you have taken while using the Website.
Some of the tools we use to automatically collect information about you may include:
Cookies. A “cookie” is a small data file transmitted from a website to your device’s hard drive.
Cookies are usually defined in one of two ways, and we may use both of them:
(1) session cookies, which do not stay on your device after you close your browser, and
(2) persistent cookies, which remain on your device until you delete them or they expire.
We may use the following categories of cookies on our Website.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Website and use its features. Without these cookies, services you have requested, such as maintaining a record of your purchased items (e.g. a shopping cart), cannot be provided.
Performance Cookies.
These cookies collect anonymous information on how people use our Website to help us understand how you arrive at our site, browse or use our Website and highlight areas where we can improve, such as navigation. The data stored by these cookies never shows personal details from which your individual identity can be established.
Functionality Cookies.
These cookies remember choices you make such as the country from which you visit our Website, your preferred language, and your search parameters. This information can then be used to provide you with an experience more appropriate to your selections and to make your visits to our Website more tailored to your preferences. The information in these cookies may be anonymized.
These cookies cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Targeting Cookies or Advertising Cookies. These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign.
The cookies are usually placed by third-party advertising networks.
These cookies remember the websites you visit and that information is shared with other parties.
Of course, if you do not wish to have cookies on your devices, you may turn them off at any time by modifying your internet browser’s settings. However, by disabling cookies on your device, you may be prohibited from full use of the Website’s features or lose access to some functionality.
Google Analytics.
The Website sends aggregated, non-Personal Information to Google Analytics for the purpose of providing us with the ability to conduct technical and statistical analysis on the Website’s performance.
For more information on how Google Analytics supports the Website and uses information sent from the Website, please review Google’s privacy policy available at https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Web Beacons.
A Web Beacon is an electronic image. Web Beacons can track certain things from your computer and can report activity back to a web server allowing us to understand some of your behavior. If you choose to receive emails from us, we may use Web Beacons to track your reaction to our emails. We may also use them to track if you click on the links and at what time and date you do so. Some of our third-party marketing partners may use Web Beacons to track your interaction with online advertising banners on our Website.
This information is only collected in aggregate form and will not be linked to your Personal Information.
Please note that any image file on a webpage can act as a Web Beacon.
Embedded Web Links.
Links provided in our emails and, in some cases, on third-party websites may include tracking technology embedded in the link. The tracking is accomplished through a redirection system. The redirection system allows us to understand how the link is being used by email recipients.
Some of these links will enable us to identify that you have personally clicked on the link and this may be attached to the Personal Information that we hold about you. This data is used to improve our service to you and to help us understand the performance of our marketing campaigns.
Third-party Websites and Services.
We work with a number of service providers of marketing communications technology. These service providers may use various data collection methods to improve the performance of the marketing campaigns we are contracting them to provide. The information collected can be gathered on our Website and also on the websites where our marketing communications are appearing. For example, we may collect data where our banner advertisements are displayed on third-party websites.
Your Choices and Selecting Your Privacy Preferences
We want to provide you with relevant information that you have requested.
If we provide subscription-based services, such as email newsletters, we will allow you to make choices about what information you provide at the point of information collection or at any time after you have received a communication from us while you are subscribed.
For example, you may opt into email blasts or newsletters as a member of the Forest River Owners Group (“FROG”).
Transactional or service-oriented messages are usually excluded from such preferences, as such messages are required to respond to your requests or to provide goods and services, and are not intended for the purposes of marketing.
We will not intentionally send you email newsletters and marketing emails unless you consent to receive such marketing information.
After you request to receive these emails, you may opt out of them at any time by selecting the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of each communication.
Please note that by opting out or unsubscribing you may affect other services you have requested we provide to you, in which email communication is a requirement of the service provided.
Any such communications you receive from us will be administered in accordance with your preferences and this Policy
Text Messaging. You may have the opportunity to receive SMS or "text" messages, pre-recorded voice messages or auto-dialed phone calls from the Company, its affiliates and related entities as well as third parties.
Such messaging may be used to authenticate your identity or mobile device, as well as provide you informational updates about services or products you may have requested.
In providing your mobile device number or cell phone number to the Company, you knowingly consent to such communications from the Company or for the Company to use your cell phone number or mobile device number in accordance with the Company’s Terms of Use. In providing your number, you represent that you have the authority to agree to receive text messages at the telephone number that you provide to the Company, or from which you sent the text message request to us. You further acknowledge that no purchase is required to opt into this service, and you may opt out at any time by following the instructions from the Company and as described in the Terms of Use.
Any such communications you receive from us will be administered in accordance with your preferences and this Policy.
Accuracy and Access to Your Personal Information
We strive to maintain and process your information accurately.
We have processes in place to maintain all of our information in accordance with relevant data governance frameworks and legal requirements.
We employ technologies designed to help us maintain information accuracy on input and processing.
Where we can provide you access to your Personal Information in our possession, we will ask you for a username and password, if applicable, to help protect your privacy and security.
We recommend that you keep your password safe, that you change it periodically, and that you do not disclose it to any other person or allow any other person to use it.
To view and change the Personal Information that you have provided to us, you can log in to your account, if you have one, and follow the instructions on that webpage.
Or, anyone can contact us directly via email as disclosed below and advise us of your preferences.
Information of Minors
We do not intentionally seek to gather information from individuals under the age of eighteen.
We do not target the Website to minors, and would not expect them to be engaging with our Website or services.
We encourage parents and guardians to provide adequate protection measures to prevent minors from providing information unwillingly on the internet.
If we are aware of any Personal Information that we have collected about minors, we will take steps to securely remove it from our systems.
How We Use Your Information
The information we gather and that you provide is collected to provide you information and the services you request, in addition to various other purposes, including, but not limited to:
Providing service and support for services you request.
Providing marketing communications that are effective and optimized for you.
Assisting you with items such as personalized experiences, facilitation of product usage, and enforcement of our Terms of Use.
Preventing malicious activity and providing you with a secure experience.
Keeping you up-to-date on our products and services.
Preventing unwanted messages or content.
Measuring the performance of our marketing programs.
Contacting you about services and offers that are relevant to you.
How We Share Your Information
We do not sell or lease your information to any third party.
We may disclose your Personal Information to our trusted third-party business partners in accordance with this Policy. These third-party partners are under contract to keep your Personal Information secure and not to use it for any reason other than to fulfill the service we have requested from them. We work with a number of partners that help us process your requests, deliver customer service and support, send email marketing communications, and provide experiences that you have come to expect from us.
We will share your Personal Information with these third parties in order to fulfill the service that they provide to us or facilitate a request you make of us. The most common example of such information sharing is providing your contact information to a dealer in response to a request you make of us.
Except as described in this Policy, we will not share your information with third parties without your notice and consent, unless it is under one of the following circumstances:
Responding to duly authorized information requests from law enforcement or other governmental authorities.
Complying with any law, regulations, subpoena, or court order.
Investigating and helping prevent security threats, fraud, or other malicious activity.
Enforcing or protecting the rights and properties of Forest River or its subsidiaries.
Protecting the rights or personal safety of Forest River’s employees.
There are circumstances where Forest River may decide to buy, sell, or reorganize its business in selected countries.
Under these circumstances, it may be necessary to share or receive Personal Information with prospective or actual partners or affiliates. In such circumstances, Forest River will ensure your information is used in accordance with this Policy.
Third-party Websites
This Policy does not apply to websites or other domains that are maintained or operated by third parties or our affiliates.
Our Website may link to third-party websites and services, such as Facebook and Instagram.
Or, we may provide links to websites that sell accessories for our vehicles or provide a consumer forum to discuss RV lifestyles. Even though we provide these links, we are not endorsing these sites and this Policy does not extend to them. Because this Policy is not enforced on these third-party websites, we encourage you to read any posted privacy policy of the third-party website before using the service or site and providing any information.
Your California Rights
Pursuant to California Civil Code Section § 1798.83, we will not disclose or share your Personal Information with third parties for the purposes of third-party marketing to you without your prior consent.
Other than as disclosed in this Policy, the Website does not track users over time and across third-party websites to provide targeted advertising.
Therefore, the Website does not operate any differently when it receives Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals from your internet web browser.
If you are a California consumer, as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA"), you are afforded additional rights with respect to your “Personal Information” as that term is explicitly defined under California law.
Any Personal Information we collect is collected for the commercial purpose of effectively providing our services to you, as well as enabling you to learn more about, and benefit from, our services. Once we have confirmed your identity, we can assist you with each of the following rights, when applicable and possible.
Access.
You may email us at privacy@forestriverinc.com to request a copy of the Personal Information our Website databases currently contain about you.
Prohibit Data Sharing.
When applicable, you may prohibit the sharing of your Personal Information by submitting a request via email to privacy@forestriverinc.com. In your email, please explain how you wish us to prohibit the sharing of your personal data, and which categories of third parties you want to prohibit from receiving your Personal Information.
When such prohibitions are not possible to provide our services to you, we will advise you accordingly.
You can then choose to exercise any other rights under this Policy.
Portability.
Upon request and when possible, we can provide you with copies of your Personal Information.
You may submit a request via email to privacy@forestriverinc.com.
When such a request cannot be honored, we will advise you accordingly.
You can then choose to exercise any other rights under this Policy.
Deletion.
If you should wish to cease use of our Website and have your Personal Information deleted from our Website, then you may submit a request by emailing us at privacy@forestriverinc.com. Upon receipt of such a request for deletion, we will confirm receipt and will confirm once your Personal Information has been deleted.
Where applicable, we will ensure such changes are shared with trusted third parties.
We do not sell your Personal Information.
In the event we change this policy of not selling your Personal Information, we will update this Policy and provide you notice of this change.
Should we make such a policy change, you will have the right to opt out of sales of your Personal Information.
We will provide you a link entitled, “Do Not Sell My Personal Information.”
In addition, if a California resident exercises his or her rights under California law, including the CCPA, we shall not discriminate against that California resident by denying our goods or services, charging different prices or rates to similarly situated consumers, providing a different level or quality of our goods or services, or taking any other adverse action.
For Website Visitors Outside of the United States and Canada
We do not warrant or represent this Policy or the Website’s use of your Personal Information complies with the laws of any other jurisdictions outside the United States or Canada.
Furthermore, to provide you with our services, we may store, process, and transmit information in the United States and Canada and other locations around the world, including countries that may not have the same privacy and security laws as yours.
Regardless of the country in which you live, or where such information is stored, we will process your Personal Information in accordance with this Policy.
Safeguarding the Information We Collect
We use reasonable technical, administrative, and physical safeguards in order to protect your Personal Information against accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
However, we can never promise 100% security.
You have a responsibility, as well, to safeguard your information through the proper use and security of any online credentials used to access your Personal Information, such as a username and password.
If you believe your credentials have been compromised, please change your password. Please also notify us of any unauthorized use.
Changes to this Policy
If we make any changes to this Policy, a revised Policy will be posted on this webpage and the date of the change will be reported in the “Last Revised” block above. You can get to this page from any of our webpages by clicking on the “Privacy Policy” link (usually at the bottom of the screen).
How to Contact Us
We value your opinions and welcome your feedback.
To contact us about this Policy or your Personal Information, please contact us at:
privacy@forestriverinc.com
All Forest River Domains governed by this Policy
Forest River, Incorporated, owns and operates each of the following domains.
All Personal Information processed through these domains will be processed in accordance with this Policy.
https://www.ameralite.com
https://www.battisticustoms.com
https://www.berkshirecoach.com
https://www.berkshirepontoon.com
https://www.cargokingtrailer.com
https://www.cargomatetrailer.com
https://www.coachmenowners.com
https://www.coachmenrv.com
https://www.continentalcargotrailer.com
https://www.dynamaxcorp.com
https://www.easttowestrv.com
https://www.elkhartcoach.com
https://www.forestriverfrog.com
https://www.forestriverinc.com
https://www.glavalbus.com
https://www.haulin.com
https://www.lightningtrailers.com
https://www.palominorv.com
https://www.primetimerv.com
https://www.rancealuminum.com
https://www.rockporttrucks.com
https://www.shastarving.com
https://www.southbaypontoon.com
https://www.starcraftbus.com
https://www.startransbus.com
https://www.trifectapontoon.com
https://www.uscargo.com
Home
Our Story
Our Products
Recreational Vehicles
Cargo Trailers
Pontoon Boats
Shuttle Buses
Commercial Trucks
Owners
Interactive Manuals
Quality Assurance
Buy Local
Videos
Warranty Information
Recall Search
Contact Us
Wish List
Careers
Employees Only
Contagious Disease Response Plan
Code of Conduct
Corporate Code Of Conduct
California Transparency In Supply Chains Act Discolures
Dealer Login
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS OF USE