https://fortune.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to ContentRankingsSee All RankingsFortune 500Global 50040 Under 40MagazineNewslettersVideoPodcastsConferencesCOVID-19SEARCHSIGN INU.S. Privacy PolicyTable of Contents
Information We Collect
Information You Provide to Us
Information Other People Provide About You
Information We Collect Automatically
Information We Obtain from Other Sources
How We Use the Information
How We Share the Information
FORTUNE Datastore
Information We Collect From Fortune Live Media Account Holders
Conference Applications
FORTUNE Connect
Collection of Information by Third Parties
Links to Third Party Sites or Other Services
Privacy Options
Accessing, Correcting, and Deleting Your Personal Information
Retention of Personal Information
Our Commitment to Security
Cookies and Other Online Tracking Technologies
Online Advertising
Choices Related to Online Tracking and Advertising
Special Note for Parents
Non-U.S. Visitors
Changes to this Privacy Policy
How to Contact Us
California Notice at Collection and Privacy Notice
For individuals who are residents of the State of California.
European Economic Area Privacy Policy
For individuals located in member countries of the European Economic Area, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom.
Canada Privacy Notice
For individuals who live in Canada.
This FORTUNE Privacy Policy is delivered on behalf of Fortune Media (USA) Corporation and our affiliates and governs the data collected on any website or mobile application on which a link to this Privacy Policy appears and any data we collect in connection with delivering the services to you, which may include providing you with online subscriptions and other product offerings, whether online or offline, (collectively, the “Services”). Your privacy is important to us. We provide this Privacy Policy to explain our practices for collecting, sharing and using the information you provide to us via our website or mobile applications and by using the Services, and to tell you about the choices you may be able to make regarding the ways in which your information is collected, used and shared.
Information We Collect
We collect information about you in various ways and from various sources. For example, you may provide personal information directly to us, we may receive personal information about you from someone else, we may collect certain information about you automatically through your use of the Services, or we may obtain information about you from third parties who are acting on our behalf.
Information You Provide To Us
When you use the Services, you may, among other activities, order publications and products; subscribe to FORTUNE Newsletters; apply to attend or register for a FORTUNE conference; register to create an online account; subscribe for access to digital and other content; or post comments and other user-generated content. The information that you provide to us and that we collect or receive depends on your relationship with us and your interaction with the Services, but may include personal information such as your name, email address, year of birth, address, job title, telephone number or fax number. In addition, you may be asked to provide us or one of our third party providers with payment information, such as your credit card or debit card number, where needed, such as when completing a purchase.
We may also collect information about your personal or professional interests, your organization or industry and your use of, or opinions about, various products, programs and services. For instance, we may ask you to identify your job or industry to qualify you for free business magazines.
Additional information regarding data collection and use related to FORTUNE conferences appears in the “Information We Collect From Fortune Live Media Account Holders” and “Conference Applications” sections below.
Additional information regarding data collection and use related to FORTUNE Connect appears in the “FORTUNE Connect” section below.
Information Other People Provide About You
Through some features of the Services, certain promotions and on various portions of the websites and applications on which a link to this Privacy Policy appears, other people may be able to submit information about you to us. For example, someone might submit your name, mailing and/or email address or other information to send you a gift or nominate you as a speaker at a FORTUNE Conference. The types of personal information that people may submit about you at these pages may include your name, address, email address, telephone number, and professional information such as the organization you work at or your job title.
Information We Collect Automatically
We, our partners, advertisers, advertising networks or other third party service providers, as explained further in the “Cookies and Other Online Tracking Technologies” section below, may also automatically collect certain information when you visit our web pages, open our emails, use our applications, or otherwise use the Services. Such automatically collected information may include:
The type of browser and operating system you are using.
Your IP address or mobile device identifier.
The domain name of your internet service provider.
The date and time of a visit, information about the content you view and the features you access, the number of links you click within the website or applications, as well as your activity and behavior on our websites or applications.
Location-based information regarding the state or country from which you accessed our Services.
Information regarding the advertisements you have interacted with, viewed, or accessed, such as the number of times you view an advertisement.
This data may be combined and linked with data from other sources.
Information We Obtain from Other Sources
We may engage service providers to collect information about you on our behalf. For example, as described in the “Fortune Datastore” section below, we may engage third party service providers to collect publicly available information about certain individuals who work at companies that are included on various lists, such as the FORTUNE 500 list. We may also engage entities who assist us in identifying individuals whom we may invite to FORTUNE conferences. Depending on the length of time for which you have been a subscriber, we may have received information about you and your subscription history from entities with which the publication was previously affiliated. If you use certain third-party payment providers to purchase a subscription, we may receive information associated with your account (e.g., billing address) from that provider.
We also receive information from you when you interact with our pages, groups, accounts or posts on social media and other third party platforms. This includes aggregate data on our followers, data regarding how you engage with our content (such as likes, comments, and shares) and publicly available profile information.
How We Use the Information
We may use the information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy in the following ways:
To fulfill requests for our publications, products or services, including to send you FORTUNE newsletters, facilitate and complete your payments and transactions, and to respond to inquiries about offerings.
To provide you with the Services.
To evaluate your eligibility for certain products and Services.
To market to you and offer other products, programs or services that may be of interest.
To communicate with you, such as to notify you of new products and services, provide you updates and offers related to your account or subscription, when we make changes to subscriber agreements, to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter, or to contact you or respond to you inquiries.
To deliver targeted and other advertising to you. Please see the “Cookies and Other Online Tracking Technologies”, “Online Advertising” and “Choices Related to Online Tracking Technologies” sections below for further information about our and third parties’ use of cookies, web beacons, mobile ad identifiers, and other tracking technologies to provide you what are believed to be relevant ads, as well as information about how to disable cookies and make other choices related to targeted advertising.
With respect to information collected in connection with our online forums and communities, to provide an interactive experience and facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and, from time to time, to offer you products, programs, or services.
To improve the design and content of our publications and Services, which includes using analytics to develop new products and services.
To conduct research and analytics.
To enable us to customize your user experience and analyze site usage, including by tracking the online articles and digital content you have accessed and read.
To offer you enhanced products, programs, or services.
To permit third-parties to market and advertise to you.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and Fortune Media (USA) Corporation, including for billing and collection, and as we believe is necessary or appropriate to protect, enforce or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety or property of the Services, its employees or agents, or other users or to comply with applicable law.
For other uses that advance our commercial or economic interests.
In any other way as we may describe when you provide the information or otherwise at your direction or with your consent.
As permitted by law, including for auditing, fraud and security monitoring.
How We Share the Information
We may share the information we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information, as follows:
We may share your information with our service providers, business partners and vendors on which we rely to, for example, assist us in providing the Services to you. These third parties use your information as is necessary or appropriate for the performance of the services they provide to us, or as otherwise contractually permitted. For example, we may share information about FORTUNE conference attendees with our event sponsors.
We may share your information, including information that is combined with outside records, with third parties who provide services to us, such as direct marketing services, in order to enhance our ability to market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you.
If you choose to submit content (e.g., a “letter to our editors”, an online review, or a public comment), we may publish your name, screen name and other information you have provided to us. You hereby consent to this. Please see our Terms of Use for more information.
As described in more detail in the section on “FORTUNE Connect” if you have activated your FORTUNE Connect account, we may share information you have provided about yourself and information about your registration for, attendance at and/or interaction with events, content, offerings and other FORTUNE Connect content with other FORTUNE Connect members. We may also share certain account details, including usage information, as well as aggregate and anonymized information about your account, with the relevant Enterprise Contractor (i.e., your employer or any other third-party that makes your FORTUNE Connect account available to you).
We may disclose information that we receive from you and from third party sources to third parties that want to market products or services to you and whose practices are not covered by this Privacy Policy (e.g., other marketers, magazine publishers, retailers, participatory databases, and non-profit organizations). For example, if you are a print subscriber, we may share information about your subscription, such as your physical mailing address, with companies that want to market to you via mail.
When you request a magazine, service, or other product, we will share your information to the extent necessary to fulfill your request. We may contact you with special offers of possible interest.
We will disclose information we collect about you when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request.
We may transfer your information to other offices of Fortune Media (USA) Corporation and our affiliates for internal management and administrative purposes on our behalf. Your personal data will be transferred to other Fortune Media (USA) Corporation and our affiliate’s offices where necessary for the performance or conclusion of our contractual obligations to you or for your benefit. To the extent not prohibited under applicable law, transfers and disclosures of your information may also be made where necessary for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims, to protect the rights and property of Fortune Media (USA) Corporation and its affiliates and their respective agents, customers, and others, including to enforce our agreements, policies, and terms of use, or to protect the personal safety of any person.
In addition, please note that if Fortune Media (USA) Corporation or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries or lines of business is merged, acquired, divested, financed, sold, disposed of or dissolved, including through merger, consolidation, sale or divestiture of assets, the relevant customer database and any information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy, including personal information we may possess about you, may, in whole or in part, be sold, disposed of, transferred, divested, or otherwise disclosed as part of that transaction or proceeding.
FORTUNE Datastore
Fortune Media (USA) Corporation may publish or offer for purchase data regarding companies or organizations that are selected to the FORTUNE 500, FORTUNE 1000, Global 500 and 100 Best Companies to Work For lists and other similar lists or rankings. If your company or organization is selected to be ranked on one of these lists, we may collect your name, business address, business contact details, additional information about your position in your company and information about your professional background and publish this together with the list or other publication. Such data is obtained solely from publicly available sources.
Information We Collect From Fortune Live Media Account Holders
When you register for the first time for one of our conferences we ask you to open a Fortune Live Media Account and to provide certain information, including your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, the company you work for, and credit card or other payment information so that we can process and approve your registration and better assist you when you contact us in the future (e.g., regarding other conferences you wish to attend). We may also use your personal information to inform you about our services, upcoming conferences and marketing events.
Conference Applications
When you register for one of our conferences, we upload the data you provide to us during the Fortune Live Media Account registration process, and other information that you may provide to us in connection with your attendance at one of our conferences, into our mobile application for that conference.
When you download and log in to use the app, you must provide your name and create a password and you may voluntarily provide certain additional data to us and other authorized users of the app, including your photo and bio.
You may also choose to import data into the app from a social media profile, such as from your LinkedIn profile.
The app enables you to network and interact with other conference attendees by, for example, sharing your agenda and profile with those attendees and enabling in-app messaging.
The default privacy setting in the app makes your profile, agenda and other information visible to other authorized users of the app, including other attendees.
You may adjust your privacy settings in the app to the extent you wish to make your profile “Invisible” or “Public.”
You may also visit the “Notifications” center in the app to adjust when you receive push notifications. We assign a unique user ID to your app on your device so that we can identify you when you use the app and collect user metrics such as how you use the app.
We use the information we collect to operate and constantly improve our apps, to provide our services to you and other users and for promotional purposes.
FORTUNE Connect
The information in this section on FORTUNE Connect is specific to the FORTUNE Connect platform and supplements the other information contained in the remainder of this Privacy Policy. It should be read together with the rest of the Privacy Policy.
Account Registration & Activation
We collect information directly from you when you apply to become a FORTUNE Connect member (also referred to as a “Fellow”) or first register with FORTUNE Connect, such as your name, title, organization, contact information, account credentials and payment information. You may also choose to provide additional information, such a link to your LinkedIn profile.
If you are approved to use FORTUNE Connect, once you activate your account, you can choose to update your Profile with additional information. For example, you may add a profile photo or provide information about your education background.
If you apply to join FORTUNE Connect and are not approved to be a FORTUNE Connect member, we will retain certain information that you have provided. We will use such information for recordkeeping purposes so that we know you have applied to be a member, and for our marketing purposes so that we can contact you about other Fortune content in which you may be interested.
Accounts Made Available by Enterprise Contractors
If your account is made available by your employer or another third party (“Enterprise Contractor”), we will receive certain account registration details about you, such as your name and contact information, from the Enterprise Contractor who makes your FORTUNE Connect account available to you. We may share certain information and account details with the Enterprise Contractor that sponsors your account, which may include information regarding your interaction with your FORTUNE Connect account, the frequency with which you use it, and/or aggregated or anonymized data about your use of FORTUNE Connect.
Default Privacy Settings
The default privacy settings in FORTUNE Connect are as follows:
All information you have included in your Profile is viewable by other FORTUNE Connect members.
Your Profile is included in the Directory of Fellows, which means that other FORTUNE Connect members can search for and find you.
You may list and unlist your Profile from the Directory of Fellows by changing your privacy settings at any time on the Profile page. Certain Profile entries are mandatory, such as your name, title and company. Other Profile entries are optional. You can choose to not populate the optional fields or delete the information you have included in those fields if you want to limit the Profile entries that are shown to other FORTUNE Connect members. In addition, even if you choose to remove yourself from the Directory of Fellows, other members may be able to view your Profile in other contexts when you use FORTUNE Connect, such as when you comment on content.
Sharing Throughout the FORTUNE Connect Community
FORTUNE Connect is designed to provide an interactive experience and facilitate participation in the FORTUNE Connect community.  As a result, we may share information you have provided about yourself and information about your registration for, attendance at and/or interaction with events, content, offerings and other FORTUNE Connect content with other FORTUNE Connect members.
Collection of Information by Third Parties
We sometimes may offer conferences, contests, sweepstakes, promotions, editorial features, or other activities or offerings that are sponsored, co-branded or co-sponsored by or presented with identified third parties. If you, or your company or organization, choose to participate in such activities or offerings, your IP address and the personal information that you voluntarily submit or that other people submit about you may be provided to Fortune Media (USA) Corporation, our affiliates and such third parties. Fortune Media (USA) Corporation has no control over such third parties’ use of your information.
Links to Third Party Sites or Other Services
Our websites and mobile applications on which a link to this Privacy Policy appears, and some of the Services, contain links to third party sites and services whose privacy practices may be different than ours. We also allow you to connect with other third party sites and services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party sites and services and you should consult the other third party sites’ and services’ privacy notices in order to better understand their privacy practices.
Privacy Options
Email Marketing. If you prefer not to receive email marketing from us or our affiliates, you may opt out of receiving commercial email messages from us by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link that is contained in those email messages.
Telephone Marketing. Please email us at privacy@fortune.com if you do not wish to receive telephone calls from us.
Targeted Advertising. Please see our AdChoices page and “Choices Related to Online Tracking and Advertising” below for information about how to disable cookies and other choices that may be available to you regarding targeted advertising.
Accessing, Correcting, and Deleting Your Personal Information
We take reasonable steps to accurately record the personal information that you provide to us pursuant to this Privacy Policy and any subsequent updates to such information.
We encourage you to review, update, and correct the personal information that you provide to us pursuant to this Privacy Policy. You may request that we delete such personal information about you that is inaccurate, or incomplete, by contacting us as set out in the “How to Contact Us” section below. At our election, instead of deleting such information, we may retain it with your comment or correction noted in our records. By contacting us, you may also object to our further use of your personal information if you have compelling legitimate grounds (this may involve closing your account). We may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details before we are able to provide you with any information, correct any inaccuracies, or delete any information. Your right to review, update, correct, and delete your personal information may be limited, subject to the law or your jurisdiction: (i) if your requests are abusive or unreasonably excessive, (ii) where the rights or safety of another person or persons would be encroached upon, or (iii) if the information or material you request relates to existing or anticipated legal proceedings between you and us, or providing access to you would prejudice negotiations between us or an investigation of possible unlawful activity. Your right to review, update, correct and delete your information is subject to our records retention policies and applicable law, including any statutory retention requirements.
To make such a request, please contact us at privacy@fortune.com.
Retention of Personal Information
We will retain your personal information while you have an account with us and thereafter for purposes not prohibited by applicable laws. Thereafter, we will either delete your personal information or de-identify it so that it is anonymous and not attributed to your identity.
Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place appropriate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect from and about you. However, no system can be completely secure and we do not guarantee that unauthorized disclosures and access will not happen. Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that your personal information or other information will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
Cookies and Other Online Tracking Technologies
We and service providers or partners we engage to provide content, advertising, functionality and other services or that measure and analyze ad performance on the Services, may use cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies to understand usage of the Services and improve our content and offerings and to deliver advertisements in which you might be interested. These technologies collect statistical and other information about you and your use of the Services. Some of the tracking technologies we and our service providers or partners may use include:
Cookies. Cookies are small text files that may be placed by us or our service providers and partners on your computer or device when you visit our websites or applications. A cookie assigns a unique numerical identifier to your web browser or device, and may enable us or third parties to recognize you as the same user who has used the Services, and relate your use of the Services to other information about you, such as your usage information and personal information. We may use cookies in a variety of ways. For example, we may use cookies to:
Provide us with information about which portions of our websites and applications are the most popular by enabling us to see what web pages a user visits and how much time a user spends on each page.
Personalize your experience on our Services (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to our site, to save your password in password-protected areas, to enable shopping carts, or to tailor content, or product and service offerings).
Help us understand which ads you have seen so that you don’t receive the same ad each time you access the Services.
Local Shared Objects. Local shared objects, such as “Flash cookies” also may be stored on your computer or device. Local shared objects operate a lot like cookies because they are stored on your device and can be used to store certain information about your activities and preferences; however, they cannot be managed in the same way as cookies. Depending on how local shared objects are enabled on your computer or device, you may be able to manage them using software settings. For information on managing Flash cookies, for example, see http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html.
HTML 5. HTML5, the language some websites are coded in, may be used to store information on your computer or device about how you use the Services. This information may be retrieved by us to help us manage the Services, and may give us information about how the Services are being used by our visitors, how they can be improved, and how we can customize the Services for users.
Cache Cookies. Cache cookies, such as eTags, may be used to identify your computer or device as the same computer or device that visited a Service or Services in the past.
Web Beacons. A web beacon is an electronic image called a single-pixel or “clear gif” that is a small piece of code that is used to collect anonymous and aggregate advertising metrics, such as the counting of page views, promotion views, or advertising responses. Web beacons can recognize certain types of information, such as a user’s cookie number, time and date of a page view, and description of the page where the web beacon is placed. These web beacons may be used to deliver cookies that conform to our cookie policy above.
Mobile Device IDs and Location-Based Information. Certain mobile devices, including smart phones and tablet devices, contain unique device IDs that can be used to identify their physical location. Some mobile device IDs are permanent, while others may be changed by accessing the device’s privacy settings. Mobile devices also typically transmit caller ID data (which may include a phone number) when used to transmit a telephone call or text message. When you use mobile devices to access our Services, we may collect and transmit unique device IDs and collect caller ID data, as well as other information about your device, including without limitation, your wireless carrier, the make, model, operating system, capacity and settings of your device, the names, package IDs and versions of other software you have downloaded to your device and information about how you interact with and navigate within our Service.
These tracking technologies may be deployed by us and/or our by our service providers, partners on our behalf. These technologies enable us to assign a unique number to you, and may allow us to relate your use of the relevant Services to other information about you, including your usage information and personal information. We may match information collected from you through different means or at different times and combine such information with information obtained from other sources (including third parties), such as demographic information and updated contact information (where that information has been lawfully disclosed to us), for the purposes of learning more about you so we can provide you with relevant content.
Online Advertising
When you use the Services, FORTUNE, its service providers or third parties, such as ad technology, ad servers, ad networks or any other nonaffiliated third parties, may place cookies on your computer or use other online tracking technologies to collect or receive certain information about you and/or your use of the Services. Such information may include information about your visits to, and activity on, this website or application and other websites or applications, the number of times you have viewed an advertisement and other information. The information may be used to provide content, advertising, or functionality or to measure and analyze ad performance on the Services or other websites or platforms. For example, we may use third parties to present or serve advertisements, including targeted advertisements, that you may see on the Services. Third parties may also conduct research about the advertisements, or the Services themselves, and may place and use tracking mechanisms (e.g., tracking pixels) in the emails we may send to you. This information may be combined with information collected across different websites, online services, and other linked or associated devices. This Privacy Policy does not cover any use of information that such third parties may have collected from you for their own purposes or the methods used by the third parties to collect that information.
Choices Related to Online Tracking and Advertising
Most browsers automatically accept cookies. You can set your browser options so that you will not receive cookies and you can also delete existing cookies from your browser. However, you may find that some parts of the site will not function properly if you have refused cookies or similar tracking technologies and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar tracking technologies might prevent you from accessing some of our content. Also, you may still receive advertisements even if you opt-out of targeted advertising. In that case, the ads will not be tailored to your perceived interests.
For more information on advertisements and your targeted advertising options, visit our AdChoices page.
Special Note for Parents
The Services are not intended for use by children, especially those under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16. If you are a parent or guardian and believe we have collected information from your child, please contact us as set out under “How to Contact Us” below.
Non-U.S. Visitors
Any information we obtain about you in connection with your use of the Services may be processed and stored in the United States or other countries.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be changed by Fortune Media (USA) Corporation or its affiliates at any time and such changes will apply to information we collected from you pursuant to a previous privacy policy. The revised Privacy Policy will be posted on the appropriate portion(s) of our websites or mobile applications and will indicate at the bottom when it was most recently updated. We encourage you to periodically check back to review this policy so that you know what information we collect, how we use it and with whom we share it.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or its implementation please contact us via email at privacy@fortune.com or by writing to:
Fortune Media (USA) Corporation
40 Fulton Street
New York, NY 10038
back to top
This Privacy Policy was last updated on November 20, 2020.
Rankings40 Under 40100 Best CompaniesFortune 500Global 500Most Powerful WomenWorld’s Greatest LeadersWorld’s Most Admired CompaniesSee All RankingsSectionsAutomotivesCareersDesignExecutive TravelThe LedgerVentureFinanceEnergy & EnvironmentHealthInternationalLeadershipLifestyleLuxuryRetailSportsTechnologyCommentaryPhotographyMagazineNewslettersPodcastsCustomer SupportFrequently Asked QuestionsCustomer Service PortalPrivacy PolicyTerms of UseCommercial ServicesFORTUNE Knowledge GroupFORTUNE Branded ContentFortune Data StoreFortune ConferencesAdvertisingAbout UsAbout UsWork at FortuneBehavioral Advertising NoticeTerms and Conditions© 2020 Fortune Media IP Limited. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | CA Notice at Collection and Privacy Notice | Do Not Sell My Personal Information | Ad Choices
FORTUNE is a trademark of Fortune Media IP Limited, registered in the U.S. and other countries. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice.
Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html.
S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions.