http://fort-collins-graphic-design.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home
About SH&A
Services/Portfolio
Logos
Websites
Brochures
Catalogs
SH&A Blog
Contact SH&A
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
Because your privacy is very important to us, we want you to understand our practices with regard to collecting and using your information both online and offline and the steps we take to safeguard it. This statement applies to personal identifiable information collected from our customers. When this Privacy Policy uses the term “personally identifiable information,” we mean information that identifies a particular individual, such as the individual’s name, postal address, physical address, e-mail address and telephone number.
Information We Collect
We may collect personal identifiable information when you use our contact us form.
Using Information We Collect
At SH&A, we never share or sell this information with anyone.
To ensure our customer security and site performance, our web servers are hosted off-site.
Privacy Of Children
Our web site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Policy Changes
The SH&A Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time without notice. We encourage you to review our privacy policy periodically.
Privacy Statement
This privacy statement applies to the web site of Fort-Collins-Graphic-Design.com and Steve Hays & Associates
SH&A Fort Collins Graphic Design
7945 Bayside Drive
Fort Collins, CO 80528
970.204.0079
We respect your privacy; this is why we have taken the time to discuss our information collection practices and our privacy policy. Please take the time to review this document.
Comments are closed.
SH&A Info Address:
Steve Hays & Associates
1772 Dolores River Ct.
Windsor, CO 80550
USA
Phone:
970.204.0079
Copyright © 2011-2020
SH&A Fort Collins Graphic Design
1772 Dolores River Ct.
Windsor, CO 80550
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Site Login Admin
Recent Posts
Our Saviour’s Lutheran Church Sign
RIP Steve Jobs
Our Saviour’s Lutheran Church Logo
Quick LinksAbout
Contact SH&A
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
SH&A | Fort Collins Graphic Design, Northern Colorado Graphic Design