https://fouracrestrailer.com/privacy/
302.994.1500
sales@fouracrestrailer.com
Contact Us
Privacy
Four Acres Trailer Sales Privacy Statement
Last Updated: July 5, 2018
At Four Acres Trailer Sales, we’re committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Statement provides important information on how Four Acres Trailer Sales (“we,” “us” or “our”) handles personal information. This Privacy Statement applies to all information gathered for and on behalf of Four Acres Trailer Sales electronically through the Four Acres Trailer Sales site (the “Site”). It explains data collection, use and disclosure of personal information by Four Acres Trailer Sales. It does not apply to offline products or services.
By accessing the Site or providing us with any personal information, you agree that Four Acres Trailer Sales may collect, use and disclose such personal information. In addition, it also signifies that you agree with all the terms of this Privacy Statement.
Four Acres Trailer Sales welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Statement. If you have questions concerning Four Acres Trailer Sales Privacy Statement, please contact us via sales@fouracrestrailer.com postal mail at the address provided below:
Privacy Officer, Four Acres Trailer Sales
2009 W. Newport Pike (Rt 4)
Wilmington, DE 19804
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to determine and address your concerns promptly.
Who are we?
Four Acres Trailer Sales has been a source for high quality trailers in Delaware for over six decades! Call or stop in to see our extensive inventory of trailers. Our professionally trained staff can assist you with all your buying needs.
Personal Data Collection
What is personal information?
Personal information is any information that identifies you, or by which your identity could reasonably be ascertained or deduced from that information.
How do we collect personal information from you?
The collection of personal information is obtained when a visitor lands on the Site, you use the Site through completing a form to gain more information or if you register to receive our monthly newsletters, download resources or request to speak with a customer support representative or a Four Acres Trailer Sales consultant.
Why are we collecting your personal information?
Four Acres Trailer Sales collects information in order to provide better and enhanced services to you. The information requested on this Site is required to process your request for more information about our company, services, and products, register for our events or monthly newsletters, contact customer support or a Four Acres Trailer Sales Consultant.
We may also use your personal information to detect and reduce fraud and credit risk for the purchasing of a franchise, service or product.
What type of personal information is collected?
The personal information Four Acres Trailer Sales collects may include but is not limited to your name, mailing address, home phone number, cell phone number or financial and credit card information, if required, for the purchase of Four Acres Trailer Sales products or services or registration of Four Acres Trailer Sales events. Your company or business name, business address, your business contact information or information that is already a matter of public record or knowledge is generally not considered personal information and may be shared with anyone within or outside the Four Acres Trailer Sales network.
Why Four Acres Trailer Sales creates a profile
We may analyze your personal information to create a profile of personal information so that we can segment you and contact you with relevant information about our company, services or products. We may make use of additional information about you if, available from external sources to help us do this effectively.
How we use your personal information
The personal information collected on this Site will be used to:
Navigate through the Site
Provide the service(s)
Carry out the transaction(s) you have requested
In support of these uses, Four Acres Trailer Sales may use personal information to:
Provide you with more effective customer service
Provide you with important information about the product or service that you are using, including critical updates and notifications
Send you information about other Four Acres Trailer Sales products and services
Transferring Your Information
As part of the services offered to you through the Site, the information which you provide to Four Acres Trailer Sales may be transferred to a local Four Acres Trailer Sales Consultant outside of USA to provide you the service. These countries may not have similar data protection laws to USA.
By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. If we transfer your information outside of USA in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Privacy Statement.
Personal Information Access & Control
Four Acres Trailer Sales, will not sell or rent your information to third parties, or share your information with third parties for marketing purposes outside of Four Acres Trailer Sales services. Access to your personal information will be restricted to Four Acres Trailer Sales employees, administrators or Four Acres Trailer Sales Consultants who are responsible for the marketing and administration of Four Acres Trailer Sales services.
How do I access my personal information?
If you wish to access your personal information, update your details, or unsubscribe from communications, email us at sales@fouracrestrailer.com write to:
Privacy Officer, Four Acres Trailer Sales
2009 W. Newport Pike (Rt 4)
Wilmington, DE 19804
How do I control Four Acres Trailer Sales use of my personal information?
Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Statement, personal information you provide on the Site will not be shared outside of Four Acres Trailer Sales employees, administrators or Four Acres Trailer Sales Consultants who are responsible for the marketing and administration of Four Acres Trailer Sales services without your permission. As described above in the previous section, you can access your personal information through writing to us.
Links to other websites and social media
This Site hosts various blogs, case studies, and testimonials that will allow you to share our content through various Social Media Applications with other users. Any personal information that you contribute to any Social Media Application can be read, collected and used by these Social Media Organizations. Therefore, we are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other Social Media Applications and their Organization.
In addition, the Site may contain links to other websites managed by other organizations or Four Acres Trailer Sales Consultants; this Privacy Statement only applies to Four Acres Trailer Sales. If you landed on our Site from a third party website, we are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices outside of our Site. We encourage you to check the third party sites or social media applications privacy statements.
Personal Information Protection
Four Acres Trailer Sales is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer servers with limited access that are located in controlled facilities.
Cookies & Similar Technologies
This Site uses cookies to deliver relevant content, ease site navigation or collect information for statistical use, such as how many visitors our site received. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies at any time by modifying the settings in your browser, and you can also erase cookies from your operating system as well. However, declining or erasing cookies may preclude you from fully experiencing all the features of this website.
For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our Cookies & Internet Advertising Policy.
Consent
If you have voluntarily provided personally identifiable information, including but not limited to, your name, title, phone number, or email address (business or personal), you have assumed an implied business relationship with Four Acres Trailer Sales and therefore consented to the collection, use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information as described in this Privacy Statement.
Four Acres Trailer Sales will not use personally identifiable information for any purpose outside of the implied business relationship.
Children’s Privacy Protection
Four Acres Trailer Sales is committed to protecting the privacy of children locally and internationally. This Site is not designed or intentionally targeted towards children 16 years of age or younger, and we do not intentionally collect or maintain personal information about anyone under the age of 16.
Four Acres Trailer Sales opt-in Approach
Four Acres Trailer Sales will ensure to act in compliance with Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation and Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA), and the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). In order to ensure compliance, electronic messages (including email marketing) will be based on an “Opt-In” approach.
Four Acres Trailer Sales will gain consent for external electronic messages purposes prior to sending commercial messages (including sales@fouracrestrailer.com) unless we have a pre-existing business relationship with the client or prospect as in these particular cases consent is considered to be implied. Should Four Acres Trailer Sales require personal information for a new purpose, we will contact you directly to seek consent for that new use/purpose.
How can you opt-out?
Your consent to the use of personal information to communicate with you and offer you franchise opportunities, products and services are optional. If you wish to remove your personal information from our databases, you may opt-out at any time by doing the following: unsubscribing through a delivered email message, contacting us via email at sales@fouracrestrailer.com or postal mail:
Privacy Officer, Four Acres Trailer Sales
2009 W. Newport Pike (Rt 4)
Wilmington, DE 19804
Review of this Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement is in accordance with Canada’s Anti-Spam Law (CASL) effective July 1, 2014 and Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”) effective January 1, 2001, California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA) effective February 6, 2013, and the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) effective May 25, 2018.
We keep this Privacy Statement under regular review. We encourage you to periodically review this document to be informed about how Four Acres Trailer Sales protects and respects your personal information. This Privacy Statement was last updated in July 2018.
Search for:
NavigationHome
Our Products
Trailers
Trailer Specials
Used Trailer Specials
Golf Carts
Truck Caps
Plows & Spreaders
Scooters
Electric Bicycles
Parts & Accessories
Service
Financing
Four Acres Trailer Sales 2009 W. Newport Pike (Rt 4)
Wilmington DE, 19804
Phone: 302.994.1500
Fax: 302.994.1588