https://fourmanindustries.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Fourman Industries
Custom Color, Custom Print Extension Cords. Unbeatable prices, fast shipping. Call 1-800-424-8150
Free Shipping On Orders Over $600
0 items
$0.00
Menu
Skip to content
MENUMENUCustom Extension Cords
Extension Cords by Color
Black Extension CordsBlue Extension CordsGreen Extension CordsOrange Extension CordsPink Extension CordsPurple Extension CordsRed Extension CordsWhite Extension CordsYellow Extension Cords
Extension Cords by Length
15-foot Extension Cords25-foot Extension Cords50-foot Extension Cord100-foot Extension Cords
Heavy Duty Extension Cords by Gauge
10 Gauge12 Gauge14 Gauge
Convention Extension Cord
12 GAUGE SPT-3 Flat Convention Cord- Black 100'12 GAUGE SPT-3 Flat Convention Cord- Black 15'12 Gauge SPT-3 Flat Convention Cord- WHITE 25'12 Gauge SPT-3 Flat Convention Cord-Black 75'
Jobsite Temporary LightstringsAdaptors and Accessories
Power Tools and Consumables
Drill Bit SetsHSS "Jobber" Drill BitsMasonry Drill BitsPower ToolsSaw Blades & Hole Saws
Circular Saw BladesDiamond Saw BladesReciprocating Saw BladesBi-metal Hole SawsHole Saw AccessoriesHole Saw Kits
Abrasives
Safety & Protection
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Commitment to Privacy Protection
Protecting the security and privacy of your personal data is important to Fourman Industries; therefore, we conduct our business in compliance with applicable laws on data privacy protection and data security. We hope the policy outlined below will help you understand what data Fourman Industries may collect, how Fourman Industries uses and safeguards that data and with whom we may share it.
Personal Data
Through our Web Site, Fourman Industries will not collect any personal data about you (e.g., your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address), unless you voluntarily choose to provide us with it (e.g., by registration, survey, feedback, quote requests), respectively, provide your consent, or unless otherwise permitted by applicable laws and regulations for the protection of your personal data.
Purpose of Use
When you do provide us with personal data, we usually use it to respond to your inquiry, process your order or provide you access to specific information or offers. Also, to support our customer relationship with you, (i) we may store and process personal data and share it with our affiliates to better understand your business needs and how we can improve our products and services; or (ii) we (or a third party on our behalf) may use personal data to contact you about a Fourman Industries offer in support of your business needs or to conduct online surveys to understand better our customers’ needs.
If you choose not to have your personal data used to support our customer relationship (especially direct marketing or market research), we will respect your choice. We do not sell or otherwise market your personal data to third parties.
Purpose Limitation
Fourman Industries will collect, use or disclose personal data supplied by you online only for the purposes disclosed to you, unless the disclosure (i) is a use of the personal data for any additional purpose that is directly related to the original purpose for which the personal data was collected; (ii) is necessary to prepare, negotiate and perform a contract with you; (iii) is required by law or the competent governmental or judicial authorities; (iv) is necessary to establish or preserve a legal claim or defense; or (v) is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activities, such as willful attacks on Fourman Industries information technology systems.
Communications and Utilization Data
Through your use of telecommunications services to access our Web Site, your communications data (e.g., Internet protocol address) or utilization data (e.g., information on the beginning, end and extent of each access, and information on the telecommunications services you accessed) are technically generated and could conceivably relate to personal data. To the extent that there is a compelling necessity, the collection, processing and use of your communications or utilization data will occur and will be performed in accordance with the applicable data privacy protection legal framework.
Non-Personal Data
When you access our Web Sites, we may automatically (i.e., not by registration) collect non-personal data (e.g., type of Internet browser and operating system used, domain name of the Web site from which you came, number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed). We may use this data and share it with our worldwide affiliates to monitor the attractiveness of our Web Sites and improve their performance or content.
Cookies
When you view one of our Web Sites, we may store some data on your computer in the form of a “cookie” to automatically recognize your PC next time you visit. Cookies can help us in many ways, for example, by allowing us to tailor a Web site to better match your interests or to store your password to save you having to re-enter it each time. If you do not wish to receive cookies, please configure your Internet browser to erase all cookies from your computer’s hard drive, block all cookies or to receive a warning before a cookie is stored.
Children
Fourman Industries will not knowingly collect personal data from children without insisting that they seek prior parental consent if required by applicable law. We will only use or disclose personal data about a child to the extent permitted by law, to seek parental consent pursuant to local law and regulations or to protect a child. If we discover we have received any information from a child in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe Fourman Industries has any information from or about any child, please contact us in the manner provided for below.
Security
To protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or alteration and against unauthorized disclosure or access, Fourman Industries uses technical and organizational security measures.
Links to Other Web Sites
Fourman Industries Web Sites contain links to other Web Sites. Fourman Industries is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other Web Sites.
Opt-Out, Corrections, Updates, Removals of Personal Data
Users may opt out of certain services or correct, update, or remove Personal Data that Fourman Industries has collected about them through any of the means listed below. Please be sure to include the following information in your correspondence: (i) first name and last name; and (ii) E-mail address.
E-mail: Send a message to us at info@dev-fourman.pantheonsite.io with the word “unsubscribe” in the subject line or simply respond to the pertinent E-mail with the word “unsubscribe” in the subject line. (Please note: “Unsubscribe” is an automatic process. We will not respond to these messages.)
Phone: Call us at 1-800-424-8150
Fax: Fax us at 1-800-424-8623
Postal mail:
Fourman Industries, Inc.
4733 Torrance Blvd., #566
Torrance, California 90503
Please allow up to one (1) week for your opt-out and other requests to be processed.
Questions and Comments
Fourman Industries will respond to reasonable requests to review your personal data and to correct, amend or delete any inaccuracies. If you have any questions or comments about the Fourman Industries Privacy Protection Policy (e.g., to review and update your personal data), please E-mail us at info@dev-fourman.pantheonsite.io. As the Internet matures, so will our Privacy Protection Policy. We will post changes to our Privacy Protection Policy on this page. This Privacy Policy was last changed on February 21, 2006. Please check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
InformationAbout Us
Contact Us
Distributor Inquiries
Shipping Information
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Get in Touch
1-800-424-8150 1-800-424-8623 info@fourmanindustries.com
Already a customer? Login to your account.
ProductsCustom Cords
Drill Bits
Saw Blades & Hole Saws
Abrasives
Safety & Protection
InformationAbout Us
Contact Us
Distributor Inquiries
Shipping Information
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
We Accept
Copyright © 2020
Fourman Industries | All Rights Are Reserved.