http://fourseasonsheatair.com/privacy-policy
HomeAboutWhy Choose UsAreas We ServeFinancingContact UsCoolingAll Cooling ServicesCentral AC RepairCentral AC InstallationMaintenanceHeatingAll Heating ServicesFurnace RepairFurnace InstallHeat Pump RepairHeat Pump InstallDuctless Heat Pump InstallMaintenanceAir QualityAll Air Quality ServicesThermostatsAir FiltersAir PurifiersSpecialsHelp Guides
Schedule Service
Privacy PolicyIt's Our Policy to Protect Your PrivacyFour Seasons Heating & Air Conditioning is committed to protecting your privacy. That is why we have adopted this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is intended to describe how your personal information is processed and used, and we will make every effort to ensure that our activities keep within the spirit of this Privacy Policy. Please note that by visiting and using this website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.What Information is Four Seasons Heating & Air Conditioning gathering about its visitors and how is it being used?Every computer connected to the Internet is provided with a domain name (e.g. google.com) and an IP Address (e.g. 192.164.13.145). When a visitor requests a page from within the Four Seasons Heating & Air Conditioning website, our Web Servers automatically identify and log the HTTP request that is made to our Web Server. This information reveals nothing personal about you. In fact, the only information that we automatically gather and log is as follows:The IP Address of the Site that may have referred you.Your IP AddressThe Web Page that you may have linked to us from, if any.The Product Identifier for Version and Make of Browser (e.g. Internet Explorer 11)The Operating System platform that you may be running (e.g. Macintosh or Windows)Search Words or Terms that are passed from a Search Engine (e.g. Google, Bing)There is absolutely nothing special about the information just described, and the practice of collecting this data has been generally standardized by virtually every Web Server on the Internet today.The purpose for this information is actually two-fold. One, Four Seasons Heating & Air Conditioning has found it advantageous to examine visitor traffic in its aggregate, so that we can ensure maximum compatibility for the various Browsers and Operating Systems that visit our site. Additionally, as any business should attest, it is our desire to generate greater amounts of visitor traffic. By analyzing visitation patterns, referring URLs and Search Engine terms, we can strategically enhance our exposure on the Internet.What about Cookies?Cookies are small pieces of data that are transferred to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser from our Web Server. A cookie cannot read data from your hard disk or read cookie files that may have been created from other sites. The Four Seasons Heating & Air Conditioning website utilizes cookies as a means of providing personalization features to our visitors. For example, we utilize cookies to remember settings (background music selections, wallpapers preferences, etc.) that you may have made at our website.You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. Typically, by accessing the browser's help feature you can obtain information on how to prevent your browser from accepting all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our website and other websites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.What other information does Four Seasons Heating & Air Conditioning request?We may also request your e-mail address or mailing address for the purposes of conducting a survey, adding you to our mailing list, or by your request to have someone contact you for additional information. Whenever we request the identity of a visitor, we will clearly indicate the purpose of the inquiry before the information is requested. We maintain a strict "No Spam" policy that means we do not intend to sell, rent, or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third-party, without your consent.In addition, Four Seasons Heating & Air Conditioning will not send you e-mail that you have not agreed to receive. If you are a member of our Mailing List, you will be contacted with announcements, news, portfolio additions, and new products or services. You have the option of "Unsubscribing" from our Mailing List at any time, thereby disabling any further such e-mail communication from being sent to you. If you wish to have specific communications with a member of the Four Seasons Heating & Air Conditioning staff, you will be required to provide specific information that will be routed to the appropriate contact within Plumbline Services.Will Four Seasons Heating & Air Conditioning disclose the information collected to Third Parties?Four Seasons Heating & Air Conditioning will disclose your personal information or any of its log file information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such actions are necessary to:Conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal process served on Four Seasons Heating & Air Conditioning.Protect and defend the rights or property of Four Seasons Heating & Air Conditioning, or visitors of Four Seasons Heating & Air Conditioning.Identify persons who may be violating the law, the legal notice, or the rights of third parties.Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities.Four Seasons Heating & Air Conditioning uses reasonable precautions to keep the information disclosed to us secure. Four Seasons Heating & Air Conditioning reserves the right to transfer information in connection with the sale of all or part of Four Seasons Heating & Air Conditioning capital stock or assets to any third party. Furthermore, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that receive the information. Four Seasons Heating & Air Conditioning also provides "links" to a wide variety of other web sites on the Internet. We are not responsible for their Privacy Policies or how those web sites manage information about their users. We strongly urge you to check with those web sites to determine their privacy policy.Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of the information that we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.Copyright 2020, Four Seasons Heating & Air Conditioning. All Rights Reserved.