http://framingtech.com/privacy-notice/
×
Home
Privacy Notice
product filter
Clearance
Metric T Slot Aluminum Profiles
20mm with 5mm T-Slot
20mm with 6mm T-Slot
30mm with 8mm T-slot
40mm with 8mm T-slot
40mm with 10mm T-slot
45mm with 10mm T-slot
60mm with 10mm T-slot
90mm with 10mm T-slot
Special Aluminum Extrusions
Inch Aluminum Profiles
1.0" with 0.26" T-slot
1.5" with 0.32" T-slot
Connectors
Quick Connectors
Connection Screws
Universal Fasteners
Tilt Connectors
Milling Connectors
Bolt Connectors
Connection Link
Gussets
Corner Brackets
Corner Gussets
Corner Bracket Radius
Cube Connectors
Pivot Joints
Threaded Insert
Connection Plates
T-Connectors
Suspension Bracket Kits
Fasteners
T-Nuts
Economy Nut
Roll-In Nut
Drop-In T-Nut
Square Nut
Standard T-nut
T-Slot Nuts
T-Bolts
Accessories
Cable Blocks
Counter-Balance Spring
Cup Holder
End Caps
Profile Sliders
Conveyor Rollers
Roller Mounting Blocks
Roller Wheel
Sensor Mounting Blocks
T-Slot Cover
Tread Profile
HMI Mounts
Locking Handles
Machining Jigs
Tool Hanger
Linear Bearings
Doors
Hinges
Handles
Latches
Bi-Fold Door Kit
Slide Door
Frame to Floor
Leveling Feet
Floor Brackets
Base Plates
Casters
Panel Accessories
T-Slot Reducers
Panel Trim
Uniblocks
Uniblock Zinc
Universal Uniblocks
Glass Panel Clamps
Mesh Frame
CarboSix Carbon Fiber
Carbon Fiber T-slot Profiles
Carbon Fiber Round Tube Profiles
CarboSix Connectors
Privacy NoticeAt FramingTech we're committed to protecting your privacy online. Your Private Information will never be disclosed to anyone and will be used for strictly business purposes only. Personal information stored on our site by our customers will only be available to primary customer service representatives, system administrators, and accounting personnel . All orders placed through our site are handled through a secure online server or third party payment gateway such as PayPal or AlertPay.
Collected Information
When you shop on our site, we collect personal information from you such as your name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, product selections, credit card or other payment information. We may also collect, or our third party ad server and content server will collect the URL you came from, IP address, domain types (e.g. .com or .org, etc.), your browser type, the country, state and telephone area code where your server is located, the pages of our site that were viewed during any visit.
How we use your Information
We will never sell or rent your personally identifiable information to third parties, and will not share your personally identifiable information with third parties without your consent, unless such sharing is necessary for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy. We use customer information we collect only for the purposes of filling orders, contacting purchasers to inform them of their order status, sending promotional information, enhancing the operation of our site, for statistical purposes and to administer our systems. We may use third parties to help us fulfill orders, to help process payments, to provide customer service, to serve site content, to help administer promotional emails, and to administer warranties purchased. We give them access to the information needed to complete their job. Sometimes that includes a portion of your personal information. Our computer systems protect personal information using an advanced firewall server technology.
Law Enforcement Cooperation
We may however, disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law; (b) comply with the order of a competent judicial authority in any jurisdiction; (c) comply with legal process served on our company; (d) protect and defend the rights or property of our company; or (e) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of our websites' products, services, or the public at large.
How we use Cookies
We use cookies to help identify you when you visit our store and to customize your experience. The cookie contains a randomly assigned user identification number, the country where you are located, and we may track where you came from, and how you browse our site. The cookies make your use of the site easier, make the site run more smoothly and help us to maintain a secure site. You will be unable to shop on our site without your browser set to accept cookies. We do not disclose your personal account information or any information about your purchases to anyone.
If you have any further questions regarding the content of this privacy policy please contact us directly.
Top
Quote Request
Please include your contact information and details of your request below.
×