http://francorp.com/terms-conditions/
By using this website, YOU AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
Terms of Use
We may change these policies from time to time by updating this page. Your continued use of this site after we post any revised policy means that you accept our revised policy.
The Company
Francorp is acknowledged as the world’s leader in franchising. Since 1976 Francorp has provided full development programs to help ensure the franchise success of over 2,000 businesses.
Ownership, License, Use
This website is owned and operated by Francorp. Francorp owns all trade names, trademarks, and service marks and reserves all rights to such marks. This website and all materials appearing on it are protected by copyright and may not be used without our prior written permission. Any other trademarks or copyrighted materials appearing on the website are the property of their respective owners and may not be used without permission.
You may access and use the materials and information on our website as it appears there for your own personal use, educational advancement, or professional development. Any materials that you download for your own use must maintain all copyright or other notices. Except as we expressly permit, redistribution, retransmission, commercial exploitation, linking, or other uses are strictly prohibited.
You shall not copy or edit the materials, or integrate them into any other media. You shall not claim ownership or authorship, or otherwise use the materials except as we expressly permit. You shall not hack into our website, or otherwise gain unauthorized access to or make improper use of our content or website.
No Representations or Warranties
We provide you access to the information and materials on our site “AS IS” basis without any representations or warranties. FRANCORP EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. We reserve the right to amend or withdraw our information, materials, and services at any time without notice. We are not responsible or liable for any interruption or discontinuation of the website. We also have the right to terminate your access to all or part of our website without notice. While we offer a wide variety of useful information, materials, and services, we make no promises about the content, your ability to secure a position, or advance in your career. By using this site, you confirm that you have not relied on any of its content.
Exclusion of Liability
Francorp shall not be liable for any damages, including special, incidental or consequential damages, or lost profits that are in anyway related to the distribution, use, or inability to use the information or materials on this website, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. In all events, our total liability is limited to the amount, if any, that you actually paid us for accessing this website.
Third Party Links
We occasionally link to third party sites. This is to provide you with additional information but does not mean that we endorse or are otherwise affiliated with such websites. We have no responsibility for the content or activities on those sites.
Your Responsibility
You are responsible for complying with the laws of the jurisdiction wherever you are located, and you agree that you will not access or use this site, its information, or materials in violation of such laws.
General
We may revise these terms at any time without notice. By continuing to access and use this site, you consent to
these policies. Your obligations may not be sublicensed or assigned without our prior permission. These policies constitute the entire agreement between us governing your access and use of our site and its information and material. If any provision of these policies is unenforceable, it shall be modified to provide Francorp with the greatest protection possible. Your obligations to respect our intellectual property (trademarks, copyrights, website content) continue even after you stop using the site or our materials. These policies are governed by the laws of Illinois, and any dispute between us shall be brought in the state or federal courts located in Chicago, Illinois. You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of those courts. If you have violated or threatened to violate these policies, we may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief against you; this is in addition to any claims for damages that we may have. You agree to pay all of our costs of enforcement, including reasonable attorney fees.
Privacy Policy
Francorp is committed to protecting your personal information, per separate Privacy Policy.
What We Collect
When you register with us, we collect selected limited information. First, the site collects contact information such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, and phone and fax numbers. Second, the site collects information about the type of work you do and your responsibilities.
How We Use the Information
We use your information to provide you with a better experience at our site.
Access Privileges
We use information collected during registration to verify that you have the rights to access Francorp content.
Use of IP Address
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website.
Site Monitoring & Maintenance
We use your registration information to measure the user traffic of various sections of the site. This information is used on an aggregate level only, and the site does not record the specific content viewed by any individual user.
Your personal information collected during site registration will not be sold to third parties for e-mail marketing or telemarketing campaigns.
Use of Cookies
When you view our website we might store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a “cookie” or similar file. Cookies are small pieces of information, collected by a web browser and stored on your hard drive, not on our site. Cookies do not spy on you or otherwise invade your privacy, and they cannot invade your hard drive and steal information. Rather, they help you navigate a website more easily.
We use cookies to enhance your experience in using our website, display registered user names on their Personal Home Page, confirm users’ access rights to certain “access restricted” areas of the site, display their content preferences, and improve search functionality. We also use cookies to track visitor traffic by visitor type (aggregated, not individual) for the purpose of understanding what content users find most valuable.
Because we use cookies, we can deliver faster service, consistent, updated results, and a more personalized site experience. You have the option of setting your browser to reject cookies. However, doing this will hinder performance and negatively impact your experience on our site.
Public Forum
This website may make public chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to you from time to time. We may impose separate terms of use regarding content and activity at such public areas. Further, we may monitor and/or edit posts to those areas. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding whether to disclose any personal information.
Security
This website has industry standard security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. While there is no such thing as “perfect security” on the Internet, we will take reasonable steps to insure the safety of your personal information.
E-Mail Communications from Francorp
For our email communications, Francorp members, registered users of Francorp and other customers may opt out at any time by using the “Unsubscribe” mechanism within the e-mail, which allows email recipients to manage their subscription preferences regarding Francorp e-newsletters, e-mail alerts and special offers. This mechanism does not allow a user to opt out of receiving transactional e-mail, such as registration confirmation, service updates, and responses to direct requests.
Changes to subscription preferences will be updated immediately, but it may take up to 14 days for the changes to be active, during which time Francorp members, site registrants, and customers may still receive emails.
Links to Other Websites
This Website contains links to other websites. Francorp is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. If you want to know the privacy policies of the other websites, please refer to the organization sponsoring such website.
Consent
By registering on the Francorp website, you expressly consent to our collection and use of personally identifiable information according to this Privacy Policy. We or our designated site partners may use the information to send you information and services that we think will be useful to you.
Opting Out of Receiving Communications
We allow you to correct or update your online information. Unfortunately, to the extent that such information is also stored in other databases, we cannot always ensure that such corrections or deletions will reach the other databases. We will use all reasonable efforts to ensure that your information is removed from or corrected in our records.
How to Contact Us
You can contact us by using the Contact Us form. Please include your contact information and a detailed description of your request or privacy concern.