http://franklinalarm.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Who we are
Our website address is: http://franklinalarm.com.
Information Collection and UseFranklinAlarm.com does not collect personal data information from our website visitors.
GoogleThis website may use Google services such as Fonts, Analytics or Maps. Google is GDPR complaint.
For uniform, attractive representation of fonts, this page uses web fonts provided by Google. When you open a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly. For this purpose, your browser has to establish a direct connection to Google servers. Google thus becomes aware that our web page was accessed via your IP address. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.
If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font is used by your computer.
Contact FormsOur Contact forms don’t store data, but they do handle user-submitted data. We use the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
The data is stored temporarily only for transmission purposes. Once the form is sent, the data is no longer stored.
CookiesWe do not use cookies.
Notification of ChangesIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this website so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Find Us Franklin Alarm Company Inc. (FACI) · Engineered Fire Alarm Specialist
Franklin Alarm Co. Inc., Your Full-Service Fire Protection & Security Company
“Where Relationships are Built”
P.O. Box 84 · Franklinville, NJ 08322 · (856) 728-6424
N.J. State Fire Alarm License #P00348 | Burglar/Fire Business License #BF000065 | Philadelphia Fire Alarm License #3707-24414