https://freshening.com/terms-of-service/
Terms & Conditions
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully before using our website or any websites owned by our subsidiaries.
Privacy
Please refer to our private policy on how we collect and use information collected with your consent. We may use cookies and other technologies to collect information when our users visit our sites including webpages viewed and items saved in your cart. You may delete and decline cookies in your web browsers at any point in time. Based on the information collection, we may send you information and products that could be of interest to you.
Use of Site
Our website is for your personal and non-commercial use only. Users are not allowed to copy, distribute, reproduce, sell or resell any of our content including text, graphics, images, listings or prices featured on our site without our authorisation for commercial purposes. You acknowledge that any unauthorised use of our content could lead to legal remedies. Any permitted links to this website must comply to all applicable laws and regulations.
Content Submission
The terms and conditions govern Freshening’s rights to any text, images, reviews or other information you make associated with our website. When you submit any personal data or reviews, you are agreeing to the following:
you are the true user of our products as mentioned in your review and it reflects a honest opinion of your experience
you are not a minor, and if so, your legal guardian consents to your submission
your content is original and accurate
your content is not misleading, offensive, vulgar and defamatory
your content does not infringes any third party’s copyright, patent, trademark, right privacy, moral rights or legal laws
your content does not include third party personal data that is obtained without prior consent for sharing
your content does not contain any harmful viruses that could potentially harm our website
Freshening is unable to review all submissions posted or created by users of our site and is not responsible for the content of those submissions. In the case where the above mentioned terms are violated, we reserve the right to remove the uploaded content from our site without notifying the user.
Code of Conduct
By accessing or using our site, you are agreeing to abide to the following standards of conduct:
breach of the above terms
reproduce, duplicate, sell or resell our content for any commercial purposes
intentionally threaten, stalk or verbally abuse another person or entity
impersonate any person or entity
solicit personal information from other individuals (minors)
engage in disruptive activities such as posting unrelated reviews on the page
engage in activities that breach legal laws and regulations
Freshening is unable to fully ensure that all users will be compliant to the above code of conduct or terms and conditions, and will not be held liable from any of such lack of compliance.
Shopping cart
close
send
0
X
Welcome to Freshening
0
Home
About
Our Story
Our Mission
Global Presence
Quality & Safety
Brands
Shop
Community
Customisation
Contact
Global Sites
Smartowel
FOC
Wishlist
Login / Register
Scroll To Top