https://fuel.tv/privacy
Skip to content
Introduction
We understand your concern about how your personal information is used and protected.
This Privacy Policy explains how we use and protect the personal data collected on this website.
This Policy explains which personal data is collected by FUEL TV (FUEL TV EMEA, SA, hereby mentioned as “FUEL TV” or “we”). We want to make sure that we are fully transparent regarding how your data is used.
This Privacy Policy applies to your use of our website, its tools and any related services.
We reserve ourselves the right to change this Policy at any time without notice, so please check it regularly.
Our Policy applies to all visitors, users and others who access the Service (“Users”).
Please read the Privacy Policy carefully and contact us with any questions or concerns about our privacy practices.
Who are we?
This website’s information is controlled by FUEL TV EMEA, SA, a commercial company registered in Portugal under the fiscal number 508 541 301. Its head office is located at: Edifício Prime, Avenida da Quinta Grande, 53, 8 D, Alfragide, 2610 Amadora, Portugal.
The person in charge of our data protection management is Bruno Amaral and can be contacted via the following email: dpo@fuel.tv
What information do we collect?
We collect the following personal data:
Name;
Email address.
How do we use personal information?
Personal information is gathered as you fill in the subscription for the FUEL TV newsletter for marketing purposes (such as the delivery of the newsletter and information about contests).
What legal basis do we have for collection and processing your personal data?
The collection of your personal data is based on your consent. By subscribing or registering, you are consenting to the use of your information for marketing purposes, as well as for the purposes of surveys and information on contests.
When do we share personal data?
Your data is confidential and therefore not shared. We only share your information when we are required to do so by law.
Where do we store and process personal data?
Your personal data is collected and stored in a database by Mailchimp (Subcontractor), who abides by the obligations established in the Article 28 of the GDPR.
The collected data handled only by FUEL TV.
All personal data is encrypted through a SSL security certificate.
FUEL TV and Subcontractor proceed to the permanent monitoring of access to the information technology systems in order to prevent, detect and stop unauthorized use of your personal data.
How do we secure personal data?
We carry out the activities necessary to ensure the security of your personal data and takes all technical and administrative measures necessary to conform to the legal requirements and adequate measures required by the GDPR to ensure legal processing of this data.
How long do we keep your personal data for?
We keep your personal data until you withdraw your consent.
Your rights regarding your personal data
We respect your rights to access and control your personal data.  In accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016, you have the right to:
at any time, withdraw consent for the processing of your personal data;
correct or request the correction of any personal data you have provided;
access your information at any time;
request the portability of the personal data to the entity that for this purpose you indicate to FUEL TV;
request the deletion of all the personal data you have provided, if it is not necessary for the fulfilment of any legal obligations by FUEL TV, namely for the purposes of security campaigns and/or legal guarantee or contractual relationship;
be informed by FUEL TV of the intention to process the personal data for purposes other than those to which you are hereby giving consent;
be informed by FUEL TV should we ever intend to process your personal data for any ends other than the ones agreed on in this Policy;
file a complaint with the National Data Protection Commission.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us via the following channels:
Address:
FUEL TV EMEA, SA
Edifício Prime, Avenida da Quinta Grande, 53, 8D, Alfragide,
2720 Amadora, Portugal
Email: dpo@fuel.tv
Use of cookies and other technologies
We use a technology called cookies. A cookie is a small data file that is stored in your computer or mobile web browser in order to collect relevant information. The cookies we use tell us your search preferences, various user preferences you have set and which pages you have visited. This way, it allows us to provide you with additional functionalities and helps us analyse website usage more accurately.
Unless you have adjusted your browser settings so that it refuses cookies, we will drop cookies onto your computer when you visit our website.
Additionally, you might be exposed to cookies provided by third parties, such as Facebook, Google and other third-party service providers associated with this website. FUEL TV cannot be held responsible for how these third-party cookies are used and you should consult the Privacy Policies of these third parties for more information about how they use cookies.
For more information about cookies, contact us.
Privacy NoticeThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. You can opt-out if you wish.AcceptReject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Scroll To Top