https://fusionunlimited.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Cookie Policy
Like most we use cookies to give you the best experience on our website. If you continue, we’ll assume that you’re happy to receive all cookies on our website. For more detail please visit our cookies page.
Save & Close
Privacy Policy
This policy sets out how Fusion Unlimited uses and protects any information that you provide when you use this website.
The term ‘Fusion Unlimited’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is White Rose House, 8 Otley Road, Leeds, LS6 2AD. Our company registration number is 1983541.  The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.  We are registered on registered on the Information Commissioner’s Office Register of Data Controllers under registration number Z8383036.  Our Appointed Person responsible for Data Protection for the organisation is Andrew Douglas, IT Director.
Fusion Unlimited is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy in accordance with this privacy notice and in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), UK data protection laws and any other relevant the data protection laws and regulations (herein collectively referred to as “the data protection laws”). Questions and comments about this privacy notice are welcomed. These and any enquiries about the processing of your personal data should be directed to dataprotection@fusionunlimited.co.uk in the first instance.
Fusion Unlimited is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.  Before providing us with any personal information please read our Privacy Policy carefully.
By using our site and/or providing us with personal information you are agreeing to the terms of our Privacy Policy.  If you do not want your personal information to be used in the ways set out here please do not use our site or submit personal information to us through it.
Fusion Unlimited may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. This policy is effective from 1st March 2018.
What is Personal Data?
The GDPR applies to ‘personal data’ meaning any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified by reference to data items such as: name, contact details, unique identification numbers, location data or online identifiers.
What we information we collect
We may collect the following information:
–    name and job title
–    contact information including email address
–    demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
In addition to the personal data we collect as explained above, we may collect other information about your visits to our site and about your computer. Such other information collected may include, but will not be limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs, the resources that you access, when you access our site, when you leave our site, your IP address, your operating system and browser type. This other information is collected by cookies, please see below for more details in relation to cookies.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
–    Internal record keeping.
–    We may use the information to improve our products and services
–    We may periodically send you emails which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided
–    To monitor the use of our site
–    To collate, analyse and report on aggregate, anonymised personal information about users of our site
–    To enable us to be responsive to business needs and associated risks
–    For communications or correspondence in the event of a problem
We will not share your information with third parties.
How long we keep your data
Fusion Unlimited only ever retains personal information for as long as is necessary and we have strict review and retention policies in place to meet these obligations.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.  As part of this we work to the standards set out in the ISO 27001 Security Certification.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.  For more information please view our Cookie Policy.
We understand that your privacy is important, and are committed to protecting it.
White Rose House
8 Otley Road
Headingley
Leeds
West Yorkshire
LS6 2AD
Follow Us
linkedin
Instagram
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Privacy
Cookies