https://futurestradingsecrets.com/privacy/
MEMBER LOGIN
VIEW CART
TRADING COURSE
What’s in the Course
Trading Advantages
Testimonials
Call With Questions
HOW TO ORDER
Bill’s Guarantee
RESOURCES
FAQ
Trading Articles
Computer Security
ABOUT BILL MCCREADY
Free Videos & Lessons
12 Free Trading Lessons (by email)
Trading Video Subscription
PRIVACY POLICY
WE NEVER SELL, RENT OR TRANSMIT YOUR INFORMATION OR EMAIL ADDRESS TO ANY OTHER WEBSITE OR COMPANY!
For FuturesTradingSecrets.com.
Venture Planning Associates, Inc., owner of Futures Trading Secrets has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: FuturesTradingSecrets.com.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart, our affiliate program and to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. We use cookies to save your password so you don’t have to reenter it each time you visit our site.
Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company and promotional material. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings on each mailing; see the choice/opt-out section below.
This site contains links to other sites. We are responsible for the privacy practices or the content of Web sites under our control only. We are not responsible for security on Web sites not owned by us.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor’s contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers) All ordering pages are on secure servers maintained by major hosting companies with extensive security measures. Those companies included 1ShoppingCart, HyperMart and our online processing company, or PayPal. Venture Planning Associates is not responsible for security breaches of these companies’ servers. Venture Planning does not maintain any databases of Credit Card Numbers outside of these secure server.
Contact information from the order form is used to send orders, information about our company, and promotional material from some of our partners to our customers. The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to check the users’ qualifications and bill the user for products and services.
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their email address). We use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Security: This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-Out: Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor. This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided by emailing your request to marketing@ventureplan.com or call the following telephone number: 775-747-8829
Contacting the website.  If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact
Venture Planning Associates, Inc.
1191 Callaway Trail, Reno, NV 89523
SOCIALIZE
Follow Bill online at any of these various social networks:
ABOUT BILL
Looking to reach Bill McCready or have a question about Bill's Futures Trading course, coaching or book?
•  About Bill
•  Affiliate Program
•  Contact Bill
Questions? Call Bill McCready
1+ (775) 747-8829 TEL / PST
TRADING ARTICLES
Here are a number of articles written by Bill McCready that can also help you learn how to trade better.
• Learning To Trade
• 1-Minute Bars Versus Tick Charts
• 14 Rules For Traders
• Charts Of Our Trades
• Day Trade Gold
• Forex Charts
• Mental Magic
• Money Management
• Oil Trades
• Simple System Comparison
• Support & Resistance
• Time Of Day Trades
• Track Record
• Trend Reversal
• Twin Time Frames
• Why Trade the e-Mini S&P Contract?
BILL'S BOOK
How would you like to learn how to trade like Bill? Inside Bill's book, THE TRUTH ABOUT DAY TRADING SYSTEMS, you'll learn 12 valuable lessons that will help you become a better trader.
FREE TRAINING TIPS
Get FREE trading tips and strategies in your eMail. Unsubscribe at any time. Just enter your name + eMail below.
© 2002-2017 Venture Planning Associates, Inc.All Rights Reserved. 1191 Callaway Trl, Reno, NV 89523Terms Of Use & Disclaimers • Privacy Policy