https://futurrex.com/en/privacy-statement.html
Markets
Products
Applications
History
Request For Information
Contact
Subtractive & Mold Applications
Deep etching of silicon, such as Bosch Process, glass and polymers
Embossing mold for silicone imprints
Additive Applications
High aspect ratio plating for the fabrication of bumps for flip-chip packaging, multi-chip modules, MEMS, sensors, thin-film magnetic heads
Copper coil plated with NR26-12000P mask after resist removal.
Metal (Cu) Thickness = 25µm
Photoresist = Futurrex NR26-12000P
Applications
Replacement for positive resists in RIE process and general etch applications
Futurrex NR5-8000, 4.5:1 AR
Example of resist resolution
Film thickness: 54µm
Mask dimension: 12µm line/space
Exposure dose: 1100 mJ/cm2.
Focus offset: -15µm.
Exposure tool: Ultratech Stepper Saturn
Model, i-line
Applications
Facilitation of single-layer lift-off process to pattern metals and dielectrics without RIE
Permanent components of devices (i.e. spacers, etc.)
Futurrex NR1-3000PY
Liftoff profile for Negative Resist
NR1-3000PY.
Photoresist Thickness = 3µm.
Privacy Statement
/
Welcome to Futurrex - Productivity Tools /
Privacy Statement
1. General.
This privacy policy (this "Privacy Policy") is designed to inform you about the type of information that Futurrex, Inc. ("we," "us," or "our") may gather or collect from you in connection with your use of this site (this "Site"). It also explains the conditions under which we use and disclose that information, and your rights in relation to that information.
The procedures for modifying or changing this Privacy Policy in the future are discussed in Section 6 of this document.
2. Children.
This Site is not intended for children under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18.
3. Gathering, Use and Disclosure of Non-Personally-Identifying Information.
We collect both Non-Personally-Identifying Information and Personally-Identifying Information from you. "Non–Personally–Identifying Information" is information that, without the aid of additional information, cannot be directly associated with a specific person or entity. "Personally–Identifying Information," by contrast, is information such as a name or email address that, without more, can be directly associated with a specific person or entity.
1. Gathering Non-Personally-Identifying Information.
(i) Web Browsers.
Like most site operators, we gather Non-Personally-Identifying Information from you of the sort that web browsers, depending on their settings, may make available. That information includes your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, operating system and browser type, and the locations of the web pages you view right before arriving at, while navigating and immediately after leaving this Site.
(ii) Web Cookies.
A "Web Cookie" is a string of information that a site stores on your computer, and your browser provides to this Site, each time you submit a query to this Site. We may use Web Cookies to track the pages that you visit during each Site session, both to help us improve your experience and to help us understand how this Site is being used.
IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO HAVE WEB COOKIES PLACED ON YOUR COMPUTER, YOU SHOULD SET YOUR BROWSER TO REFUSE WEB COOKIES BEFORE ACCESSING THIS SITE, WITH THE UNDERSTANDING THAT CERTAIN FEATURES OF THIS SITE MAY NOT FUNCTION PROPERLY WITHOUT THE AID OF WEB COOKIES. IF YOU REFUSE WEB COOKIES, YOU ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY RESULTING LOSS OF FUNCTIONALITY.
(iii) Web Beacons.
A "Web Beacon" is an object that is embedded in a web page. It is usually invisible to you but allows site operators to check whether you have viewed a particular web page or email communication. We may place Web Beacons on pages of this Site.
You may not decline Web Beacons. However, they may be rendered ineffective by declining all cookies or modifying your browser setting to notify you each time a cookie is tendered and permit you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis.
2. Use of Non-Personally-Identifying Information.
We analyze Non–Personally–Identifying Information gathered from users of this Site to help us better understand how this Site is being used. By identifying patterns and trends in usage, we are able to better design this Site to improve your experiences, both in terms of content and ease of use. We link information gathered using Non-Personally-Identifying Information to Personally-Identifying Information.
3. Disclosure of Non-Personally-Identifying Information.
From time to time, we may also release the Non–Personally–Identifying Information gathered from Site users in the aggregate, such as by publishing a report on trends in the usage of this Site.
4. Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personally–Identifying Information.
As defined above, Personally-Identifying Information is information that can be directly associated with a specific person or entity. We will only collect Personally-Identifying Information that you knowingly submit to us. We will not disclose your Personally-Identifying Information to third parties unless we obtain your permission to do so at the time we collect it, except as set forth below:
1. Registration and Other Information Provided to Us.
If and when you register with this Site, you may be asked to disclose Personally–Identifying Information. You may also choose to submit Personally-Identifying Information to us when you send us an email or use any interactive features and services that we may make available from time to time on this Site.
2. Material You Choose to Reveal in On-line Forums, Blogs, Message Boards, Chat Rooms or Similar Locations.
You may post Personally-Identifying Information on areas of this Site that may be viewed by other users or the public, although we recommend that you do not do so. We urge you to use good judgment and not post Personally-Identifying Information that you do not want other users to know.
YOU ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY LOSS OF PRIVACY OR OTHER HARM RESULTING FROM YOUR VOLUNTARY DISCLOSURE OF PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION.
3. DMCA Infringement Notifications, Notices of Violations of Site Terms of Service and Other Communications Directed to Us.
By submitting a Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") Infringement Notification or other communication (including communications about content stored on or transmitted through this Site), you consent to have this communication forwarded to the person or entity who stored or transmitted the content addressed by your communications in order to facilitate a prompt resolution. For notices other than DMCA Infringement Notifications, upon request, we will edit out your name and contact information. However, DMCA Infringement Notifications (including any Personally-Identifiable Information set forth in the notifications) will be forwarded as submitted to us without any deletions.
4. Invite a Friend Feature.
We may offer you the ability to send friends emails about this Site. If you choose to use this feature, we will only use your friends’ email addresses on a one-time basis to send the requested email and will not store or otherwise retain this information.
5. Surveys.
From time to time, we may also ask you to participate in surveys designed to help us improve this Site. Any Personally-Identifying Information provided to us in connection with a survey will be used only in relation to that survey, and will be disclosed to third parties not bound by this Privacy Policy only in non-personally-identifying, aggregated form.
6. Security.
We take reasonable precautions to protect the security of your information. However, neither people nor security systems are foolproof. Therefore, while we use reasonable efforts to protect your Personally-Identifying Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Any unauthorized access to or use of this Site or information collected and maintained by this Site should be immediately brought to our attention by sending us an email at: info@futurrex.com.
7. Storage of Personally Identifying Information Outside of the United States and Canada.
Personally-Identifying Information may be stored on servers outside of the United States and Canada, and, as a result, may be subject to access requests from law enforcement in other jurisdictions.
8. Other.
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Privacy Policy, we will disclose Personally-Identifying Information in the following limited circumstances:
(i) Employees, Third-Party Processors and Third-Party Service Providers.
We will disclose Personally-Identifying Information to our employees, contractors, affiliates, distributors, dealers, vendors and suppliers who process Personally-Identifying Information on our behalf, participate with us in the provision or operation of this Site or provide you with services relating to your Futurrex product.
(ii) By Law, to Protect Rights and to Comply with Our Policies.
We disclose Personally-Identifying information if: (1) required to do so by law, or in response to a subpoena or court order; (2) we believe in our sole discretion that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect against fraud, to protect the property or other rights of us or other users, third parties or the public at large; or (3) we believe that you have abused the service by using it to attack other systems or to gain unauthorized access to any other system, to engage in spamming or otherwise to violate applicable laws.
(iii) Business Transfers; Bankruptcy.
We reserve the right to transfer all Personally-Identifying Information in our possession to a successor entity in the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other sale of all or a portion of our assets. Other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court, the use and disclosure of all transferred Personally-Identifying Information will be subject to this Privacy Policy, or to a new privacy policy if you are given notice of that new privacy policy and you affirmatively opt-in to accept it. Personally-Identifying Information submitted or collected after a transfer, however, may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity.
(iv) Marketing Communications.
If you opt-in to receive our marketing materials upon registration, we will email you about products and services that we believe may be of interest to you.
9. Collection and Use of Information by Third Parties.
Third parties are under no obligation to comply with this Privacy Policy with respect to Personally-Identifying Information that you provide directly to those third parties or that those third parties collect for themselves. We do not control the third-party sites that may be accessible through this Site. Thus, this Privacy Policy does not apply to information provided to third-party sites or gathered by the third parties that operate them. Before visiting a third-party site, whether by means of a link on this Site or otherwise, and before providing any Personally-Identifying Information to any third party, you should inform yourself of the privacy policies and practices (if any) of the third party responsible for that site, and should take those steps necessary to your discretion, to protect your privacy.
10. Privacy Policy Changes.
Because of changes in technology and the growth and development of our business, or for other business reasons, we may need to modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We may alert you by email if this policy is revised (if you have given us your email address), and will post a copy of the new policy with its effective date on this Site. It is therefore important that you register with the site and notify us if you change your email address. If you do not provide us with a current email address, you should regularly review this policy to ensure that you are informed of any changes.
Unless we obtain your express consent, any revised Privacy Policy will apply only to information collected after the time it takes effect, and not to information collected under any earlier Privacy Policy.
7. Access to Information.
You have a right to contact us in order to access or update any personal information that we may store about you.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of and was last updated on June 1, 2009.
Legal Disclaimer
Privacy Statement
© 2020 Futurrex, Inc. All Right Reserved