http://futures.tradingcharts.com/privacy_statement.php#IC_CCPA_Application
CHARTS
QUOTES
MY MENU
Futures Free Quotes & Charts for Commodities / Futures
HOME|COMMODITY CHARTS|COMMODITY QUOTES|MY MENU|FUTURES NEWS|PREMIUM FEATURES||FOREX CHARTS|FOREX QUOTES||STOCKS
Toggle desktop layout
Privacy Statement for TradingCharts.com
POLICY
TradingCharts.com International, Inc. ("us", "we", "Company" or "TradingCharts") is committed to respecting the privacy rights of its customers, visitors, and other users of www.tradingcharts.com, futures.tradingcharts.com, forex.tradingcharts.com and stocks.tradingcharts.com ("the Site" or "the Sites"). We created this Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) to give you confidence as you visit and use the Site, and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. This Privacy Policy is only applicable to the Sites, and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Sites, each of which may have data collection, storage, and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy.
You acknowledge that this Privacy Policy is also a part of our Site Terms of Use, and by accessing or using our Sites, you agree to be bound by all of its terms and conditions. If at any time you find these terms and conditions unacceptable, you must immediately leave the Site and cease all use of the Sites.
INFORMATION COLLECTION PRACTICES
TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
TRAFFIC DATA COLLECTED
We automatically track and collect the following categories of information when you visit our Sites: (1) IP addresses; (2) types of computers accessing the Site; and (3) types of web browsers used to access the Sites (collectively "Traffic Data"). Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on the Site. We also use ""cookies" to customize content specific to your interests, to ensure that you do not see the same advertisement repeatedly, and to store your password (if you are a subscriber) so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Sites.
PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED
In order for you to access certain services and to purchase products that we offer via the Sites, we may require you to provide us with certain information that personally identifies you (“Personal Information”). We do not collect any Personal Information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us.
Personal Information including Contact Data such as your name, mailing address, and e-mail address. If you communicate with us by e-mail, post messages to any of our chat groups, bulletin boards, or forums, or otherwise complete online forms, surveys, or contest entries, any information provided in such communication may be collected as Personal Information.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION
We do not collect or use Financial Data for any purpose. Payments made to TradingCharts are processed by independent third party payment processors: Paypal and Bambora. Those payment processors will collect and use your Financial Data to process your credit card payment. Information you provide to them is protected by their own privacy policies; please refer to their websites for details. Such information is beyond the control of TradingCharts. Each payment processor provides limited information to TradingCharts, but only to the extent required for business needs that directly relate to your subscription. The data proviced to TradingCharts by tbose payment processors specifically excludes your credit card information.
USES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
COMPANY USE OF INFORMATION
We may use Contact Data to send you information about our company or our products or services, or promotional material from some of our partners, or to facilitate the renewal of your subscription, or to improve our Site, or to contact you when necessary.
We may also use Contact Data for lead generation purpose by sending you information about products or services, or promotional material of other third party companies.
SHARING OR TRANSFERRING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
By voluntarily registering and agreeing to (checked box opting into receiving marketing during registration) you are giving us your express consent to share your Personal Information with third parties in the ways described in this Privacy Policy.
We may share Demographic Data with advertisers and other third parties.
We may also share Contact Data with our business partners who assist us by performing core services (such as hosting, billing, fulfillment, or data storage and security) related to our operation of the Sites.
We maintain a procedure for you to review and request changes to your Personal Information; this procedure is described in Section 3a, below.
You acknowledge that once your Personal Information is shared with or transferred to third parties as provided herein, the use of your Personally Information will then be governed by the privacy policies of those third parties and is not subject to our control. If contacted by those third parties, you should directly inquire them about the use of your Personal Information by them.
USER CHOICE REGARDING COLLECTION, USE, AND DISTRIBUTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may choose not to provide us with any Personal Information. In such an event, you can still access and use much of the Site; however you will not be able to access and use those portions of the Sites that require your Personal Information.
CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will keep your Personal Information private and will not share it with third parties, unless such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with a court order or other legal process; (b) protect our rights or property; or (c) enforce our Terms of Service. Your Personal Information is stored on secure servers that are not accessible by third parties. We provide you with the capability to transmit you Personal Information via secured and encrypted channels if you use a similarly equipped web browser.
USER ABILITY TO ACCESS, UPDATE, AND CORRECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
We maintain a procedure in order to help you confirm that your Personal Information remains correct and up-to-date. At any time, you may log onto your account or contact us to update your Personal Information.
LOST OR STOLEN INFORMATION
You must promptly notify us if your user name or password is lost, stolen, or used without permission. In such an event, we will remove that credit card number, user name, or password from your account and update our records accordingly
PUBLIC INFORMATION
The Sites contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We may also make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and news groups available to you. Please understand that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. We have no control over its use and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information.
PRIVACY POLICIES AND DATA COLLECTION AT THIRD PARTY SITES
Except as otherwise discussed in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. Other sites accessible through our Sites have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. Please consult each site’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. Additionally, other third-party companies which place advertising on our Sites may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising through the use of their cookies or other tracking technologies, which may include delivering targeted advertisements and marketing messages based upon the third party websites that you visit, or other purposes. We cannot control this collection of information and are not responsible for the privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices of these third party advertisers. You should contact these third party advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect from you. Google/DoubleClick DFP is our third party ad server. If you would like to know more about their information gathering practices and “opt-out” procedures, please see https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Also, if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this
information used by these companies, please see:
https://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13
In compliance with Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"), the Sites are not directed at children under the age of 13 and we do not intend to collect any personal identifiable information, such as name, home address, e-mail address, telephone number, or social security number, from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not provide us with your personal identifiable information. If you have any reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with his or her personal identifiable information, please contact us immediately for removal of that information from our databases.
PRIVACY NOTICE FOR EEA INDIVIDUALS
This section covers disclosures on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) for users residing within EEA only. GDPR replaces the existing Directive 95/46/ec, and aims at harmonizing data protection laws in the EU that are fit for purpose in the digital age. The primary objective of the GDPR is to give citizens back control of their personal data. Please follow the link below to access TradingCharts' General Data Protection Notice. https://futures.tradingcharts.com/gdpr_notice.php
UPDATES AND CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Sites.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact us by sending a letter or email to:
TradingCharts.com International, Inc.
#701 - 1101, 101st St.
North Battleford, Saskatchewan Canada
S9A 0Z5
You may also contact us by e-mail at: admin1@tradingcharts.com
Extreme Futures: Movers & Shakers
Hottest
Actives
Gainers
Today's Hottest Futures
Market
Last
Vol
% Chg
Loading...
-3.24%
Extreme Futures: Movers & Shakers
Hottest
Actives
Gainers
Futures Activity Leaders
Market
Last
Vol
% Chg
Loading...
Extreme Futures: Movers & Shakers
Hottest
Actives
Gainers
Top Price Gainers
Market
Last
Vol
% Chg
Loading...
Futures Market Sectors
Currency Futures
Energy / Oil Futures
Grains & Oilseed
Index Futures
Interest Rate & Bond
Metals Futures
Meats, Cattle / Pork
Softs Commodities
Major Forex Currency Pairs
EUR/USD
USD/JPY
GBP/USD
USD/CHF
EUR/GBP
EUR/JPY
EUR/CHF
AUD/USD
USD/CAD
NZD/USD
Resources for Traders
TFC Commodity Forum
Learn to Trade Futures
Commodity Brokers Directory
Contract Specifications
Toggle desktop layout
Advertise with Us  |  Subscriber Login  |  Contact Us
Copyright © 2020.
All market data is provided by Barchart Solutions. Futures: at least 10 minute delayed. Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice.
To see all exchange delays and terms of use, please see disclaimer.
Concerned about privacy? See TradingCharts' Privacy Statement
Do not sell my personal information