https://fxtrading.com/eu-gdpr-privacy-policy/
EU GDPR Privacy Policy | FXTRADING.com - International
MENUMENU
MENUMENUEnglish
EnglishChineseVietnamese
ReferContactSearchWebTraderClients
Products
Range Of Markets
FOREX
CFDs
Commodities
Oil
Gold & Silver
Indices
Metals
Gold
Silver
Compare Accounts
Product Schedule
Deposit Options
Platforms
MetaTrader 4 – PC
MetaTrader 4 – MAC
Partners
Introducing Brokers
MAM/PAMM
Affiliates
Prime Services
Offers
10% Deposit Bonus
Spring Promotions China
Point
Bonus
iPhone 11
Refer A Friend
Resources
Blog
About
OPEN ACCOUNT
FREE TRIAL
MENUMENUProducts
Range Of Markets
FOREXCFDsCommodities
Oil
Gold & SilverIndicesMetals
GoldSilver
Compare AccountsProduct ScheduleDeposit Options
Platforms
MetaTrader 4 - PCMetaTrader 4 - MAC
Partners
Introducing BrokersMAM/PAMMAffiliatesPrime Services
Offers
10% Deposit Bonus
PointBonusiPhone 11
Refer A Friend
Resources
BlogA Knowledgebase for TradersAbout
OPEN ACCOUNTFREE TRIAL
EU GDPR Privacy Policy
Effective date: JULY 18th, 2019
Our EU GDPR Privacy Policy Below Should Be Considered In Addition To Our Standard Privacy Policy Here.
FXTRADING.com (“FXT”, “us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the https://fxtrading.com website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://fxtrading.com
Definitions
Service Service is the https://fxtrading.com website operated by Gleneagle Securities (Aust) Pty Limited T/A FXTRADING.comPersonal Data Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).Usage Data Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).Cookies Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).Data Controller Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.Data Processors (or Service Providers) Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.Data Subject (or User) Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email addressFirst name and last namePhone numberAddress, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, CityCookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.Advertising Cookies. Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.
Use of Data
FXTRADING.com uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our ServiceTo notify you about changes to our ServiceTo allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do soTo provide customer supportTo gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our ServiceTo monitor the usage of our ServiceTo detect, prevent and address technical issuesTo provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), FXTRADING.com legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
FXTRADING.com may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with youYou have given us permission to do soThe processing is in our legitimate interests and it’s not overridden by your rightsFor payment processing purposesTo comply with the law
Retention of Data
FXTRADING.com will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
FXTRADING.com will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Australia and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Australia and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
FXTRADING.com will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Business Transaction
If FXTRADING.com is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, FXTRADING.com may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
FXTRADING.com may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligationTo protect and defend the rights or property of FXTRADING.comTo prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the ServiceTo protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the publicTo protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
“Do Not Track” Signals
We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. FXTRADING.com aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where FXTRADING.com relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Advertising
We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service.
Google AdSense & DoubleClick Cookie Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page: http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
Behavioral Remarketing
FXTRADING.com uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google AdWords Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/ads Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on – https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout – for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/Facebook Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc. You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950 To opt-out from Facebook’s interest-based ads follow these instructions from Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217 Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada http://youradchoices.ca/ or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook’s Data Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
3rd Party Technology & Service Providers (eg: Trading Platforms)
Once you submit a form or complete an application form and your information has been handshaked to Gleneagle Securities (Aust) Pty Limited, you are also agreeing to their privacy policy, terms of service, consent to their cookie policy and marketing policy.  We are not responsible for your data once the information is passed to these 3rd parties or technology providers.You may receive marketing and promotional emails, as well as targetted ads from these 3rd partiesYou may have cookies and tracking scripts (beacons) placed in your browser by these 3rd parties websites and software, beyond our control. You are subject to the providers’ cookie policy.You may contact Gleneagle Securities (Aust) Pty Limited to request what information they have on record about you by contacting them here.European clients under GDPR law should refer to this EU GDPR Privacy Policy.
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we may work with include:
iSignthis Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.isignthis.com/legal-and-privacy-notice/ China Union Pay
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.unionpayintl.com/en/privacyNotice/ Poli Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.polipayments.com/privacy StickPay
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.sticpay.com/policy/privacy Westpac Banking Corporation
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.westpac.com.au/privacy/privacy-policy/ Apple Store In-App Payments Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/Google Play In-App PaymentsTheir Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/Stripe Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://stripe.com/us/privacyPayPal or Braintree Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: service@fxtrading.comBy visiting this page on our website: https://fxtrading.com/contact/ By mail: Level 27, 25 Bligh Street Sydney NSW 2000 Australia
Product Disclosure Statement
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
EU GDPR Privacy Policy
Cookie Declaration
Client Area Log In
Partners Log In
Deposit/Withdraw Funds
Get LEI For Trading Account
Contact Client Support
Live Chat
1800 FXTRADING
Aus Free: 1800 398 723
Aus Local: 02 8039 7366
Intl: +61 (02) 8039 7366
service@fxtrading.com
Any advice included in this website or correspondence is general advice only and is based solely on consideration of the investment or trading merits of the financial products alone, without taking into account the investment objectives, financial situation and particular needs (i.e. financial circumstances) of any particular person. Before making an investment or trading decision based on the advice, the recipient should carefully consider the appropriateness of advice in light of his or her financial circumstances and should carefully review the Product Disclosure Statement regarding the relevant financial product as provided by your investment broker. Investing in over-the-counter derivatives carries significant risks and is not suitable for all investors. You could lose substantially more than your initial investment. When acquiring derivative products, you have no entitlement, right or obligation to the underlying financial asset.
Regulation:
Vanuatu:
FXTRADING.com is a trading name of Gleneagle Securities Pty Ltd , Vanuatu Financial Services Commission Company No 40256).
View Our Global Offices & Licencing Information Here
Restricted Countries: Please note that we are unable to open accounts for the following countries and jurisdictions at this time. This list is subject to change at any time.
America (USA), Ontario Province inside Canada, North Korea, Vanuatu and Iran.
The information on the website is not directed to residents of any country where FX and /or CFDs trading is restricted or prohibited by local laws or regulations
Copyright © 2020 FXTRADING.com
×
Contact Us
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Name *FirstLastEmail *Phone *Choose Your Promotion$30 Free Trading Credit10% Deposit BonusRefer a FriendEnter Your Friend's Full NameEnter Your Friend's Email AddressMessageCheckboxes *Agree To Privacy PolicyPhoneSubmit
×
Contact Sales
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Your Name *Your Email *Phone *Your Message *Checkboxes *Agree To Privacy PolicyNameSubmit
×
Contact Affiliates
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Your Name *Your Email *Phone *Your Message *Checkboxes *Agree To Privacy PolicyCommentSubmit
×
Partner Enquiry
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Your Name *Your Email *Phone *Your Message *Checkboxes *Agree To Privacy PolicyWebsiteSubmit
×
Submit Ticket
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Your Name *Your Email *Phone *Your Message *Checkboxes *Agree To Privacy PolicyPhoneSubmit
×