https://galbanicheese.com/data-privacy-policy
Data Privacy Policy | Galbani Cheese
image/svg+xml
logo-galbani-final-svg
logo-galbani-final-svg
Menu
Our CheesesDairy Aisle CheesesSpecialty CheesesLa Storia GalbaniRecipesOur OffersProduct LocatorNews & EventsContact
Contact
Galbani on Facebook
Galbani on Instagram
Galbani on Pinterest
Search a recipe
Data Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Policy
This Data Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the policies and procedures that apply to the collection, use and disclosure of “Personal Information” (defined below) collected by Lactalis American Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively referred to as “Lactalis”) when you access and use the following websites: (1) lactalisamericangroup.com     (2) lactalisculinary.com; (3) lactalisingredients.com; (4) liusa.com; (5) galbanicheese.com; and (6) presidentcheese.com (collectively referred to as the “Websites” or individually referred to as a “Website”).  Lactalis’s registered office is located at: 2376 South Park Avenue, Buffalo, NY 14220.
I. What Is “Personal Information” ?
“Personal Information” is any information that may directly or indirectly identify an individual (or its household) including, for example, your name, address, date of birth, IP address, identification numbers, location data, email address, login name, password, geo-tracking data, financial information, and health information.
When you browse on a Lactalis Website, Personal information may be collected from you in three ways: (1) directly from user-supplied information; (2) through our web server logs; and (3) through cookies.
II. How Do We Use User-Supplied Personal Information?
Generally, you can visit Lactalis Websites anonymously.  However, there are areas of the Websites, such as on contact forms or subscription forms, where you may choose to provide Personal Information to Lactalis, such as you name, e-mail address, physical address, telephone number, gender and occupation.  This Personal Information may be used to respond to inbound user inquiries and requests, to help users troubleshoot issues on the Websites, to provide you with specific information about our products and services, to provide you coupons and to provide you electronic commercial marketing and advertising through email.
When Personal Information is collected, we will inform you of the purpose of collecting the data at the time of collection.  At that point, you will also be given the opportunity to consent to the collection and use of your Personal Information in accordance with this Policy.  If you do not approve and agree to our use of your Personal Information as it is outlined in this Policy, do not submit Personal Information to Lactalis.
III. How Do We Use Personal Information Collected From Web Server Logs?
Like most commercial websites, Lactalis automatically logs all of the traffic coming to and from our sites.  At times, this log may include Personal Information such as domain information or IP addresses.  This information may be used to help us become more familiar with which customers visit the Websites and how often they visit, to understand what sections of the Websites are most active and to identify a single user session to troubleshoot that user’s experience on the Website.  Generally, Lactalis uses this information to make informed decisions on improving the information on and navigation of our sites.
Lactalis may disclose aggregate statistics about visitors to our Websites to other third parties.  However, any such disclosures will not include any personally identifiable information of any of our users.
IV. How Do We Use Personal Information Collected From Cookies?
A cookie is an anonymous small data file that is placed on your computer, tablet or mobile device when you visit a website.  A cookie enables recognition of the device you are using.  When you browse on Lactalis Websites, the Websites may deposit cookies onto your device.  The use of cookies enables Lactalis to track usage patterns and deliver customized content to users.  Lactalis may disclose Personal Information collected from the cookies to third parties.  However, any such disclosure will be in the aggregate and will not include any personally identifiable information.
Lactalis will not deposit any cookies onto your devices without your consent.  For more information regarding the types of cookies that may be used on our Websites, please access our Cookie Management Policy.  To control your cookie preferences, please access our Cookie Consent Tool.
V. Data Recipients
Lactalis may share your Personal Information with service providers in charge of the processing and management of collected Personal Information.  Because Lactalis is a global organization, your Personal Information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country where Lactalis or its service providers are located.  Service providers work on behalf of Lactalis, for the purposes of hosting the Websites and maintaining applications on the Websites.  These providers may also use the Information to help to manage advertising campaigns in relation to the Websites if you have consented to the processing of your data for that purpose.
Within Lactalis, data is stored on managed servers with controlled access and your Personal Information is shared only with those who in charge of processing the information.  These individuals only have access to the Personal Information they require to perform their duties.
VI. Retention Period
Your Personal Information will be kept until you request it be deleted or until there has been two (2) years of inactive, non-use.
VII. Your Rights
You have the right to access your Personal Information, to correct any of your Personal Information you believe to be inaccurate or incomplete, to obtain erasure of your Personal Information, to restrict the processing of your Personal Information and to receive a machine readable copy of the Personal Information we have collected from you.   To exercise these rights, you can contact us by email at the following address: cheese@lactalis.us or by telephone at: 1-877-522-5254.
You also have the right to prohibit Lactalis from selling any of your Personal Information to third parties.  To exercise this right, please opt out of the sale by using the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link on our Websites’ home pages.
At any time, you may also remove your consent to the processing of your data for commercial and advertising purposes through an unsubscribe link in emails you may receive.
VIII. Children and Privacy
Lactalis Websites do not target and are not intended to attract children under the age of 13.  Lactalis will not knowingly solicit Personal Information from children under the age of 13 and will not collect any Personal Information from children under 13 without parental consent.
IX. Third Party Websites
Lactalis Websites may contain links to other third party websites.  Unless expressly stated otherwise, Lactalis does not share Personal Information with these third parties.  Lactalis is not responsible for their content or their privacy practices.
X. Changes to This Privacy Policy
Lactalis reserves the right to periodically review and amend this policy.  We encourage you to review our policy for changes on a regular basis.
Cookie Management Policy | Terms & Conditions
Recipes
Entrees
Classic Cheese Lasagna
Stuffed Shells
Meatball Pie
Chicken Caprese Parmesan
Appetizers
Cheesy Cauliflower Bites
Sicilian White Pizza Dip
Fresh Mozzarella Watermelon Skewers
Mozzarella Sticks 2 Ways
Desserts
Ricotta Cannoli Dip
Lemon Ricotta Cookies
Blueberry Ricotta Donuts
Tuscan Ricotta Cheesecake
Sandwiches
Classic Smash Burger
Lasagna Grilled Cheese
Tenderloin Caprese Sandwich
Salads
Pear and Arugula Salad
Caprese Salad
Fresh Italian Summer Pasta Salad
Mozzarella, Beets, Walnuts, and Escarole with Ricotta Salad
Pizza
Meatball Parmigiana Pizza
Margherita Pizza
Spinach Ricotta Pizza
Breakfast
Ricotta Parfait
Bruschetta Breakfast Cups
Ricotta Blueberry Pancakes
Recipe Cheese Type
Mozzarella
Ricotta
Fresh Mozzarella
Products
Dairy Aisle Cheeses
Specialty Cheeses
Authentic Italian Cheese
Contact Us
Cookie Management Policy
Data Privacy Policy
La Storia Galbani
News and Events
Our Offers
Product Locator
Search
Terms & Conditions
Galbani on Facebook
Galbani on Instagram
Galbani on Pinterest
image/svg+xml
logo-galbani-final-svg
logo-galbani-final-svg
© 2020 Lactalis American Group, Inc. • Galbani is a ® of Egidio Galbani S.r.l.
Filter my search
recipes
Hide filters
Remove filters
Apply
Search among more than 200 recipes!
Close search
Search a recipe
Search
Laissez vous inspirer chaque mois par les meilleures
recettes italiennes et les dernières nouveautés
en vous inscrivant à notre newsletter !
Subscribe to the Miamissimo newsletter
Register