https://galibierdesign.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Galibier Design, LLC – Privacy Policy
Last updated: May 21, 2020
Table of Contents
Below are links to the major sections in this document:
Introduction
Information We Collect About You
How We Use Information About You
Sharing of Personal Information
Information Storage and Security
Cookies and Automated Tracking
Managing and Controlling My Personal Information
Revisions and Terms and Conditions
Contacting Us
Introduction
Overview
Galibier Design, LLC respects the privacy of visitors to our website.  We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly.
This notice describes our Privacy Policy, to inform you of our policies and practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of any personal information and anonymous information that you submit to us through our website.
By clicking “OK” to the privacy announcement banner message on our website, you are accepting the practices described in the three documents listed below.  You will find these documents in prominently displayed links in the footer of every page on our website:
This document (our Privacy Policy)
Our Terms and Conditions of Use
Our Data Protection Declaration: our statement of compliance with the European Data Protection Act 2018.
Definitions
Unless otherwise defined herein, bold/italic terms shall have the meanings assigned to such terms set forth either in this Privacy Policy or our Terms and Conditions.
“Privacy Policy” refers to this document.
“Terms and Conditions”, “Terms”, “Terms and Conditions of Use” refers to the document with the same name.
“Data Protection Declaration”, “Data Protection Agreement” refers to our statement of compliance with the European Data Protection Act of 2018.
“Galibier”, “Galibier Design”, “Galibier Design, LLC”, “us”, “our”, “we” refer to Galibier Design, LLC.
“website”, “this site”, “our site”, “web server” refers refer to all web pages and subdomains associated with and subordinate to the homepage located at https://galibierdesign.com/, as well as any data storage and management capabilities associated with https://galibierdesign.com/.
“personal data”, “personal information”, “personally identifiable information”, and “PII” is information about you that is personally identifiable to you, like your name, address, email address, or phone number, as well as other non-public information that is associated with the foregoing.
“anonymous information” means information that is not associated with or linked to your personal information. Anonymous information does not permit the identification of individual persons.
User Consent
By submitting personal information either directly to us (e.g. verbally, by phone, private e-mails, web conferencing or other electronic means) or through our website, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the processing of your personal information according to this Privacy Policy.
By accessing our website, you acknowledge the policies in this document as well as in our Terms and Conditions.  You consent to our use of cookies and all related tracking technologies in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.
If you choose to visit Galibier Design, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Colorado.
Please do not use our website if you are not comfortable with the ways in which we use these technologies.
You accept herewith that your information is stored and used by Galibier Design.  We herewith confirm that a Data Protection Agreement is in place and no data will be used other than authorized by you.
Galibier Design’s Web Servers
Your personal information is hosted on web servers located in the United States which make our website available worldwide.  The Internet laws in the United States govern all matters relating to our website.
Any information you provide in subscribing to our website, registering, or ordering at our website or interacting with it in any other way will be transferred to the United States.  By visiting our website and submitting information, you authorize this data transfer, its processing and use.
Residents of the European Economic Area (EEA)
If you are located in the European Economic Area and you interact with our website or provide Galibier with personal data over our website, then your personal data will be transferred to web servers hosted in the United States.
You consent to the collection and/or processing in the United States of your personal information and tracking technologies/cookies as described in this Privacy Policy.
Be informed that the US is not in the list of countries that the European Commission considers adequate to the protection of personal data.
If data is collected from residents of the European Economic Area, you may be entitled to request information from us regarding your personal data stored by us and to have your personal data corrected, deleted or blocked by us in accordance with applicable laws. Please contact us by using the contact information in this document.
California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA)
California residents have the right to request access to their personal data, additional details about our information practices, and deletion of their personal data (subject to certain exceptions).
California residents also have the right to opt out of sales of personal data, if applicable (Galibier does not sell your personal data).
Please note that you may designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf by providing a notarized power of attorney evidencing that you have empowered the authorized agent to exercise your CCPA rights on your behalf. We will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
COPPA and Children
Galibier does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen.  If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use our website.
Information We Collect About You
Direct Contact With You
This may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, along with any other information or attachments you voluntarily provide when you correspond with us in person, by phone, e-mail, web or video conference, or any other means and for any purpose.
Data Entered on Forms
E-mail / Newsletter Subscription
When you subscribe to Galibier newsletters, we collect your name and email address which is stored on our list manager’s server (a third party provider).
To help us make mass e-mails more useful and interesting we may receive a confirmation when you open an e-mail from Galibier if your computer supports such capabilities.
Newsletter sign-up is voluntary, and if you wish to stop receiving e-mails from us, you may do so by clicking the “unsubscribe” link found in the footer section of all of our mass mailings.
Blog Comments
When you submit comments to our blog we will collect your name and email address.  This helps us control spam and spam bots.
Other Form Input
When you submit comments, questions or feedback using any forms on our website or a website hosted by a third party, we will collect your name, email address and your comment, question or feedback.
Surveys and Other Externally Hosted Information
When you participate in any surveys we conduct, or enter data in any externally hosted forms, we may collect additional profile information.
From Mobile Data
When accessing our website using a mobile device, we may receive either statistical information or information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device.
We may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content.  Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services.
Automated Collection – Cookies and Other Tracking
When you interact with our website, we automatically capture tracking information – including but not limited to cookies.  This is covered in extensive detail in the Cookies & Automated Tracking section of this document.
Information from Other Sources
In rare occasions, we might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information database.
How We Use Information About You
Overview
The personal information we gather from you helps us learn about visitors to our website, our customers and potential customers.
We use all of the information we collect for purposes such as responding to and fulfilling your requests, tailoring the features and performance of our website and other marketing tools, development of our products & services, communicating with you, and developing and improving our business in general.
We collect information about you when you provide it to us either directly or by automated methods as described below.  The following sections describe how we use this information.
For Invoicing & Transaction Processing
Any and all information necessary to complete a purchase transaction (invoicing, shipping, etc.), including but not limited to your name, billing and shipping address, phone number, e-mail, VAT and other taxation numbers, as well as any other information where applicable or as required by law.
Information You Give To Us
We will use this information:
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us.
To provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or inquired about.
To notify you about changes to our service.
To notify you of upcoming events you may be interested in that relate to products or services you have inquired about.
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Information We Collect from You
We will use this information:
To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical/analytical and survey purposes.
To improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
As part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure.
To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
To make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Information We Receive From Other Sources
We will combine information from other sources with information you give to us and information we collect about you.  We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
Links to Other Sites
Our provision of a link to any other website or location is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other website or location or its contents.
We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for these outside websites or their content.
Please be aware that the terms of our Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites.
Sharing of Personal Information
Overview and Your Privacy
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others.
We share customer information only as described below and with subsidiaries, partners or agents of Galibier Design who are either are subject to this Privacy Policy or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Policy.
Refer to the section:  “Managing and Controlling My Personal Information” section for more details.
The following sections describe why some of your information may be shared.
To Carry Out Routine Business Operations
To enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Galibier Design, our users, and other individuals.
Please be advised that when products are shipped using a common carrier (e.g. FedEx, USPS, air freight companies, etc.), all required delivery information is transmitted to them.  This includes name, address, telephone number, and where applicable, any other information which is legally or otherwise required for export to countries outside the US.
Promotional Offers:
In rare instances, we send offers or otherwise notify selected Galibier customers on behalf of other businesses.
When we do this, we do not however, give that business your name and address.  You may opt out of delivery of these offers by either unsubscribing from our mailing list.
Business Transfers
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy subsidiaries, or business units, merge with or be acquired by another business entity.
In such transactions, customer information is generally one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise).
Complying With Legal Authorities and Government Regulations
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Galibier Design, our users, or others.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.  We will only do this when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to comply with such legal process, to investigate violations of our policies, to protect yours and our rights and safety and the safety of others.
Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Policy.
We will inform you separately of any such action either before the action is taken or at the latest after there is no risk of impairment of the purpose of the planned action.
Consulting Firms or Other Partners
These partners may guide decisions about Galibier’s products, website, applications, services, tools, and communications.
Other partners may host services on their own servers.  For example, our mailing list provider stores the information you provide onto their server when you sign up (sign-up is voluntary and you can opt-out after signing up).
Other Businesses and Third Parties
Parties other than Galibier Design may operate businesses, provide services, or sell product either directly, by referral from us, or through links to these businesses on our website.
We will only transfer your personal data to any third party suppliers if and to the extent we are permitted to do so by law, and as specified in the Privacy Policy, or if you have provided your prior consent.  We herewith confirm that a Data Protection Agreement is in place and no data will be used other than as authorized by you.
We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any of these businesses or individuals or the content of their Web sites.
Galibier Design does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, product, and content of all these and any other third parties.  You should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use.
When you interact with our website through social media sites, plug-ins or other applications, depending upon your privacy settings, this information may become public on the Internet. We cannot prevent further use of this information.
You can control what data you share through privacy settings available on some social media sites. Please refer to those third party sites’ privacy policies and their terms of use to learn more about their privacy practices, which we do not control.  Also, refer to the section in this document:  “Managing and Controlling My Personal Information”.
Personal Data is Not for Sale
Galibier Design does not sell, rent, share, or otherwise disclose personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Policy.
With Your Consent
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Information Storage and Security
General Security
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input and transmit to us.
Of course, it is important for you practice generally accepted security guidelines to protect against unauthorized access to any passwords on your computer, as well as to pay attention to attempts to steal your information through such nefarious practices as phishing as well as other attempts to inject malware into your computer.  Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
Credit Card Processing
When you pay by credit card, we use a major credit card processor which follows industry standard, best practice encryption and communication methodologies.
We transmit the entire credit card number directly to our credit card processor during order processing, and your number is never stored on our web servers or our local computers – even temporarily.
After transaction completion, we only have access to the last four digits of your credit card number, which we use in the event we need to confirm an order with you.
When necessary, we communicate with the processor using a “token” which is a best practice encryption technique that allows us to refer to your transaction without knowing your credit card number.
Personally Identifiable Information
As noted above, the only personally identifiable information Galibier Design may have on our web servers, or our mailing list servers is your name and e-mail address.
Note that we may store your contact information on our mobile phone to facilitate timely voice and e-mail communications with you.
All e-mail correspondence and address books are stored on local computers (not connected to our web server).
Also (as noted above) invoicing information is (in general) stored offline, on local computers.  However, if you request a PayPal invoice from us, our PayPal account will have a record of the invoicing information that is retrieved from the PayPal account which you (the customer) maintain.
At such point that we collect more information about you, we will update this section and provide a means of your maintaining it.
Cookies and Automated Tracking
Overview
This section explains how we use cookies and related automated technologies to provide our services to you through our website.
Related technologies also include but are not limited to tracking/marketing pixels as well as technologies which aid in collecting website statistics and analytics.
None of the data referenced in this section is personally identifiable information.
Details on how to manage cookies is in the section “Managing and Controlling My Personal Information”.
What is a Cookie?
Cookies are small text files sent from a website which are stored in a user’s web browser (on your computer or your mobile device).
When you return to our website, this data allows the website to remember your previous visit.  It is a means of remembering things like personalized preferences you may have selected, and whether you entered our website from an affiliate website.
For example, we use cookies to remember if you have seen our cookie notification message, so it is not displayed again if you have already accepted it.
When do we use cookies?
Since we currently do not have user account functionality, our use of cookies is minimal.  We primarily use them to ensure the correct functioning of our website, to track website statistics, and for marketing as described below.
What types of cookies and automated tracking do we use?
We currently use cookies for the following purposes:
Essential
Some cookies are essential for you to be able to experience the full functionality of our site. They allow us to maintain user sessions and prevent any security threats.
Functional:
These are the cookies that help with certain functionalities on our website.  This includes embedding content like videos or sharing content on the website on social media platforms.
Security
We use cookies to enable and support our security features, and to help us detect malicious activity and violations of our Terms and Conditions.
Preferences
We use temporary “session” cookies which enable your web browser to remember which pages on our website have already been visited.  This information may be used to help us improve, administer and diagnose problems with our website and web server.
Analytics and Other Automated Tracking
We may also collect and store information like the number of visitors to the website, the number of unique visitors, where a visitor linked to the website from, etc.
We may also employ methods to collect data and analyze the traffic patterns on our website, such as which pages of the website have been visited and the frequency with which they were visited.
This serves to help us understand how the website performs and where it needs improvement.
These technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us, or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf.
No personally identifiable information is collected by the website, and the IP address is anonymized per EU data protection guidelines.
Marketing:
This includes “Pixel Tags” (also known as “Web Beacons”) as well as other technical methods to track visitor interests.
Pixel Tags and related technologies are small pieces of data embedded in the website, and they may also be used by the third-party ad providers to show you ads on other websites.
Third Party Cookies.
Some cookies that have been set on our website may not be related to or controlled by us.  When you visit a page with content embedded from, for example, YouTube, Twitter or Facebook, these service providers may set their own cookies on your web browser.
We do not control the use of these cookies and cannot access them due to the way cookies work, as cookies can only be accessed by the party which originally set them.  You should check the third party’s website for more information about these cookies, and refer to the section “Managing and Controlling My Personal Information” for more details.
Managing and Controlling My Personal Information
What choices so I have?
By accessing our website, you agree to accept all cookies, website statistic and analytic gathering information, marketing/tracking pixels, and all other data which we collect as outlined in both this document and the supporting documents referenced in the first section of this Privacy Policy.
There are some items you can manage/delete, which we outline below, and at such point that we collect more information about you, we will update this section accordingly.
Mailing List
If you subscribe to our mailing list, you may update your information or unsubscribe at any time by using the link in the footer of all of our mass mailings.
Refusing Collection of Tracking Data
Cookies
Some people find the idea of a website storing information on their device a little intrusive, in particular when the information is stored and used by a third party. For example, you may object to being served advertising which is targeted to your interests based on your browsing history.
If you would prefer to opt out of cookies, it is possible to control cookies by following the steps below.  However, you should be aware that you might lose some features and functionality of our website if you do so.  For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will see the display of the cookie message each time you visit the website (admittedly, a minor annoyance).
Cookies, including those which have already been set, can be deleted from your hard drive. You can also change the preferences/settings in your web browser to control cookies.  You can configure your web browser to either receive a warning each time a cookie is sent, or to turn off all cookies on a site by site basis.
Some internet browsers have a ‘Do Not Track or ‘DNT’ setting; this sends a signal to websites asking them not to track your browsing.
More information about cookies and details of how to manage or disable them can be found on https://aboutcookies.org/, and https://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
The following links to popular browsers may be helpful, as options vary by browser:
Firefox
Google Chrome
Apple/Safari
Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Analytics Gathering
Our analytics software cannot be disabled, but it does not contain any personally identifiable information, and your IP address is anonymized.
Tracking and Marketing Pixels
These cannot be disabled.
For Facebook however, you can adjust your advertising preferences on this page:  https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/?entry_product=ad_settings_screen.
At present time, we do not use Google AdSense.
Disabling Other Features
You can disable tracking data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash Cookies (generated by Adobe Flash).
Galibier does not code any of our website content with Adobe Flash, but the possibility exists that you may follow a link to an external site which does.
Some steps to remove this are browser-specific and others require visiting Adobe’s site, so we recommend doing a “search” to learn how to do this.
Similarly, third party cookies referenced above (e.g. YouTube, etc.) are not controlled by us and you must visit those sites to manage them.
Revisions and Terms and Conditions
If you choose to visit our website, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Colorado.
If you have any concern about your privacy at Galibier, please contact us at the e-mail address below, with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and Galibier Design reserves the right to revise our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions as necessary to reflect both company and customer feedback.
We may e-mail periodic reminders of updates to these policies, but in any case, it is your responsibility to check our website to view any recent changes.
Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account.  We stand behind the promises we make, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding anything relating to our Privacy Policy, please contact us using the e-mail address below.
Galibier Design, LLC1446 Washburn St.Erie, CO  80516
Phone:  (303) 817-0365e-mail:  galibierdesign@outlook.com
Subscribe to our mailing list and receive a free copy of a setup report we provide our customers.
This is not a teaser. This is an actual report we sent to a customer, complete with
over 30 pages of setup tips, charts, microscope photos, and more.
Click the picture to subscribe.
After subscribing, we’ll send you an email to verify your request, and then, a confirmation e-mail with a download link.
We use cookies and other automated tracking on our website.
By continuing to use this website, you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions of Use.Review Privacy Policy & TermsOK