https://galibierdesign.com/terms/
Skip to content
Galibier Design, LLC – Terms and Conditions of Use
Last updated: May 21, 2020
Who We Are and How to Contact Us
Welcome to https://galibierdesign.com/, operated by Galibier Design, LLC. We are a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Colorado, USA.
Our business headquarters is at 1446 Washburn St., Erie, CO 80516.
Contact us via e-mail at:  galibierdesign@outlook.com or call (303) 817-0365.
By Using Our Site You Accept These Terms
You confirm that you accept these Terms of Use and that you agree to comply with them. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you must not use our website. We recommend that you print a copy of these Terms of Use for future reference.  For an explanation of how Galibier collects and uses the personal information you provide to us, please read our Privacy Policy.
Links to these terms, our Privacy Policy, and our Data Protection Declaration are all prominently displayed in the footer of every page on our website.
Definitions
Unless otherwise defined herein, the following terms shall have the meanings assigned to such terms set forth either in our Terms and Conditions of Use or our Privacy Policy.
“Terms”, Terms of Use”, “Terms and Conditions of Use” refers to this document.
Privacy Policy” refers to our document which discloses how we gather, use, disclose, and manage our customers’ data.
“Data Protection Declaration”, “Data Protection Agreement” refers to our statement of compliance with the European Data Protection Act of 2018.
All of the above documents are accessible through prominently displayed links in the footer section of every page on the website.
“Galibier”, “Galibier Design”, “us”, “our”, or “we” refers to Galibier Design, LLC.
“website”, “this site”, “our site”, “web server” refer to all web pages and subdomains associated with and subordinate to the homepage located at https://galibierdesign.com/, as well as any data storage and management capabilities associated with https://galibierdesign.com/.
Minors
Persons under the age of 18 must only use the website and provide personal information if they have the consent and supervision of a parent or guardian.
We May Make Changes
We reserve the right to change these Terms of Use from time to time without notice. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Terms of Use periodically to familiarize yourself with any modifications. Your continued use of this this site after such modifications will constitute acknowledgment and agreement of the modified terms and conditions. These revision date is in the first section of this document.
Use of the Website
Our website is free of charge and for informational purposes only and does not create a business or professional services relationship between you and Galibier. You may not use our website to commit any violation of federal, state, local, or international laws, regulations, or other governmental requirements. We reserve the right to report any activity that may violate any law or regulation to appropriate law enforcement officials, regulators, or other third parties, without prior notice to you, and we will cooperate with such authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a violation, your right to use our website will cease immediately.
You are prohibited from violating, or attempting to violate, the security of our website. Any such violation may result in criminal and civil liabilities to you. Examples of prohibited security violations include, but are not limited to:
Logging into a server or account that you are not authorized to access.
Accessing data or taking any action to obtain services not intended for you or your use.
Attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system, subsystem, or network related to the website or to any Galibier computer or computer system.
Tampering, hacking, modifying, or otherwise corrupting or breaching security or authentication measures.
Introducing or transmitting material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, logic bombs, cancelbots, or other technologically malicious or harmful computer programming routines or engines with the intent or effect of damaging, destroying, disrupting, or otherwise impairing, a computer’s functionality or the operation of the website.
Interfering with, intercepting, or expropriating any system, data, or information.
Interfering with service to any user, host, or network including, but not limited to, by means of overloading, “flooding,” “mailbombing,” or “crashing” any system, subsystem, or network related to the website or otherwise.
Attacking the website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
Content
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our website, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. You are authorized to copy, print, or distribute such content only as follows:
You may print individual pages, but you may not copy or download a large portion of the website (e.g., no bots, webcrawlers, spiders, etc. that “harvest” the website).
You may download, print, distribute, and use pages from the website for your personal informational, non-commercial purposes only. Any copies of such documents or pages must not alter the original website content and must retain any copyright notices appearing therein.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our website must always be acknowledged.
You may not frame this website or any portion thereof. Linking to this website in a way that does not otherwise infringe upon our trademark interests is permitted, provided that (i) the link does not falsely imply or suggest that we have endorsed, or are affiliated with, the linked website, and (ii) you follow the “rules about linking to our site” which are stated below.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
You must not use any part of the content on our website for commercial purposes without obtaining a license to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our website in breach of these Terms of Use, your right to use our website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
We reserve the right to terminate all or any portion of the above authorizations to you at any time at our sole discretion.
Except as expressly provided above, you may not otherwise copy, display, download, distribute, modify, reproduce, republish, retransmit or create derivative works based upon any information, content, or materials contained in the website or any medium (including electronic or hard copy) without our express prior written consent. Nothing contained on the website shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any intellectual property right of Galibier or any third party, except as expressly provided above.
Trademarks
The trademarks, service marks, and logos of Galibier, and its affiliates, used and displayed on the website are our registered and unregistered trademarks. Requests to use trademarks owned by other companies which may be mentioned on our website should be directed to such other companies. We actively and vigorously enforce our intellectual property rights.  Our trademarks, service marks, and logos may not be used in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on our website, without our prior written permission.
Compliance with Local Laws
We control and administer our website from our offices within the United States, and the website and its contents are intended to comply with applicable laws and regulations in the United States. Although the information on the website is accessible to users outside of the United States, we make no representation that the content of this website complies with laws and regulations of any jurisdiction outside of the United States or that such content is appropriate or available for use in any such jurisdiction. Access to any content on the website from locations where such content is illegal is prohibited. If you choose to access this website from locations outside of the United States, you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws and regulations. You may not use or export any of the information on this website in violation of US export laws and regulations.
Links to Other Sites
We may provide links on the website that allow you to connect with third party websites.  We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources and we provide them to you for your information only. You access these sites at your own risk.  We are not responsible for the contents of any linked site, nor does the appearance of a link imply our endorsement of them. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them.
Linking to Our Site
You may link to our public website and blog pages, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.  We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
If you wish to link to or make any use of content on our website other than that set out above, please contact us via our contact page.
Submissions
All submissions, documents, materials, postings, comments, remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics, or other information communicated from users to this website (“User Material”) are, and will forever be, the property and intellectual property of Galibier, and you hereby assign all your intellectual property rights in such User Material to us. we will not be required to treat any such User Material as confidential. Further, we will be entitled to use any such User Material for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to you or anyone else. Do not submit User Material that is unlawful, defamatory, abusive, obscene, not in accordance with these Terms of Use, or that will violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, or other personal or proprietary right(s). If you do, we shall be entitled to remove such User Material with or without notice to you.
Privacy
Your privacy is very important to us, which is why we’ve created a separate Privacy Policy in order to explain our policies related to collection, use, and storage of information. Our Privacy Policy is included under the scope of these Terms of Use.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold Galibier, its subsidiaries, and affiliates, and their respective officers, agents, partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, cost, expense, claim, or demand, including without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees, due or relating to or arising out of your use of the site in violation of the Terms and/or arising from a breach of the Terms and/or any breach of your representations and warranties set forth in the Terms and/or arising out of or relating to any content that you post or third party transaction that you enter or attempt to enter in connection with the site.
Disclaimer
This website is provided by Galibier on an “as is” and “as available” basis. The content on our website is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our website.
Galibier makes no representation or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this website or the information included on this website.
You expressly agree that your use of this website is at your sole risk. In no event will either Galibier or its third-party service providers be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, consequential, or other damages (including, but not limited to, lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or data) without regard to the form of action and whether in contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or otherwise, arising out of or in connection with this this site, any content on or accessed through this this site or any site service linked to, or any copying, displaying, or use thereof.
Miscellaneous
These Terms of Use shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Colorado. Any dispute arising from these terms shall be resolved exclusively in the state and federal courts in Denver, Colorado.
The Terms are accepted upon your use of the site or any of its features. The Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Galibier regarding the use of site and its services and features.
The failure of Galibier to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The Terms operate to the fullest extent permissible by law.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these Terms of Use and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
Subscribe to our mailing list and receive a free copy of a setup report we provide our customers.
This is not a teaser. This is an actual report we sent to a customer, complete with
over 30 pages of setup tips, charts, microscope photos, and more.
Click the picture to subscribe.
After subscribing, we’ll send you an email to verify your request, and then, a confirmation e-mail with a download link.
We use cookies and other automated tracking on our website.
By continuing to use this website, you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions of Use.Review Privacy Policy & TermsOK