http://gapltd.eu.com/policies/
Menu
Home
Home
Company
News
Vacancies
Contact
Godsell Arnold Partnership Privacy Policy
We understand that privacy and the security of your personal information is extremely important. Because of that, this policy sets out what we do with your information and what we do to keep it secure.  It also explains where and how we collect your personal information, as well as your rights over any personal information we hold about you.
This policy applies to you if you fill out our enquiry form or interact with us on social media.
What sorts of information do we hold.
Information that you provide to us such as your name, company name, telephone number and email address, and any feedback you give to us, including by phone, email, post, or when you communicate with us via social media;
Information about any device you have used to access our Services (such as your device’s make and model, browser or IP address) and how you use our website.
How do we use this information.
The information we collect may be used to:
Contact you in response to your enquiry.
For statistical analysis.
To help answer your query.
Provide you with marketing material information.
Your rights
Access and correction of your personal information:
You have the right to access the personal information that we hold about you in many circumstances. This is sometimes called a ‘Subject Access Request’. If we agree that we are obliged to provide personal information to you (or someone else on your behalf), we will provide it to you or them free of charge.
Before providing corporate information to you or another person on your behalf, we may ask for proof of identity and sufficient information about your interactions with us that we can locate your personal information.
If any of the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate or out of date, you may ask us to correct it.
If you would like to exercise these rights, please contact us as set out below.
Right to stop or limit our processing of your data:
You have the right to object to us processing your information if we are not entitled to use it any more, to have your information deleted if we are keeping it too long or have its processing restricted in certain circumstances.
If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us as set out below.
Security
We take security measures to protect your information including:
limiting access to our buildings to those that we believe are entitled to be there (by use of passes, key card access and other related technologies);
implementing access controls to our information technology, such as firewalls, ID verification and logical segmentation and/ or physical separation of our systems and information;
only providing your data to third party processors who adhere to signed GDPR compliance documentation.
Contact us
If you would like to exercise one of your rights as set out above, or you have a question or a complaint about this policy, the way your corporate information is processed, please contact us by one of the following means:
Post: Marketing, Godsell Arnold Partnership Ltd, 7 Arrowsmith Court, Station Approach, Broadstone, Poole BH18 8AX
Email: enquiries@gapltd.eu.com
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK regulator, the Information Commissioner. Go to ico.org.uk/concerns to find out more.
Policy Changes
This privacy policy was most recently updated in March 2018. Any changes will be posted on this website and will take effect immediately.
Copyright © 2019 Godsell Arnold Partnership Ltd | Policies
|
Design by Greg Arnold
Home
Company
News
Vacancies
Contact