https://gardinerfcu.org/membership/internet-privacy-statement/
We love our members & wish all of you a happy & healthy holiday season!
Skip to content
Menu Home
Home Banking Login
Products & Services
Back
Checking Accounts
Savings Accounts
Club Accounts/Share Accounts
Direct Deposit
Share Certificates
IRAs
GAP & Route 66
Insurance
Youth Services, Kirby Kangaroo Club: Ages 0 – 12
Refer-A-Member Program
Money Matters: Ages 13 – 25
Free4ME Checking: Ages 18 – 25
Resources, Topics & Tips for Adults of All Ages
Safe Deposit Box
Other Services
Loans
Back
Calculators
Consumer Loans
CU Promise
Home Equity Loan
Mortgage Loan
Overdraft Protection
VISA® Credit Cards
Current Rates
Back
Savings Deposit Rates
Loan Rates
Applications/Forms
Back
Scholarship Application 2021
iTalk
E-Statements
Loan Application
VISA® Credit Card Application
VISA® Check Card
Overdraft Protection
Ending Hunger in Maine
24 Hour Services
Back
iTalk
Online Account Access
Gardiner FCU Mobile
CU Billpay
eAlerts
Check Re Ordering
ATM Locations
Shared Branching
Community
Back
In Your Best Interest Blog
2020 Workshop Survey
Newsletters
Events Schedule
Partners
Membership
Back
Documentation to Open Accounts
Disclosures
About
History
Search for:
Gardiner Federal Credit Union is committed to making available financial products and services that will enable its Members to meet their financial needs. Protecting personal information and using it properly is a high priority for everyone associated with your Credit Union. As a Member of our Credit Union, you also have a responsibility to safeguard your financial information.
Gardiner Federal Credit Union will collect only the personal information that is necessary to conduct our business.
The Credit Union will protect your personal information. The Credit Union will maintain strong security controls to ensure that Member information in our files and computers is protected. Where appropriate, we will use security coding techniques to protect against unauthorized access to personal records, ensure accuracy and integrity of communications and transactions, and protect member confidentiality.
You will have access to your account information. As a Member of our Credit Union, you will always have the opportunity to review your information and make necessary changes to ensure that our records are complete and accurate.
Gardiner Federal Credit Union will only share information when absolutely necessary. We will only share information to administer the products and services we provide, when required to do so by the government, or when we partner with other businesses to offer a broader array of products and services.
Our Credit Union will partner only with businesses that follow strict confidentiality requirements. The businesses we select will offer products designed to enhance our Members’ economic well-being. Under no circumstances will we authorize these firms to charge your account without your express consent, and we will not sell Member information to telemarketing firms.
Basic Loan Calculator
Applications & Forms
Current Rates