https://generalchem.com/pages/privacy-policy
Home
Shop Online
about us
Ethics
sds
contact
Car Care
Anti Squeak
Degreasers
Exterior
Glass Cleaner
Hand Cleaner
Interior
Peelable Coatings
Wheels & Rims
Carpet Cleaning
Bonnet Cleaning
Carpet Stain Protector
Defoamer
Degreasers
Deodorizers & Neutralizers
Encapsulation Cleaner
Fabric Rinses
Pet Odor Remover
Shampoos & Detergents
Stain Removers
Upholstery Cleaner
COVID-19 Products
Hand Sanitizer
Surface Disinfectants
Deck & Paver
Deck Brighteners
Deck Cleaners
Deck Restorer
Deck Strippers
Down Stream Injectables
End Hose Applications
Masonry Cleaner
Paver Sealer
Surface Efflorescence Remover
Vinyl Siding Cleaner
Foundry
Cold Box Mold Release Agents
Core Pastes & Hot Shell Adhesives
Corrosion Inhibitors
Green Sand Partings
Immersion Cleaners
Investment Casting
Metal Cleaners
No Bake Mold Release Agents
Pattern Sprays
Sand Treatment
Steam Cleaner
Warm Or Shell Box Mold Release Agents
Metal Lubricants
Aluminum, copper, and brass processing
Corrosion Inhibitors
Metal Cleaning
Metal Polishes
Oil Based Lubricants
Rolling Mill Lubricants
Soluble Oils
Synthetic Lubricants
Paint Booth Maintenance
Booth Greases
E-coat Cleaners
Oven Cleaners
Paint Booth Cleaning
Paint Line Cleaners
Peelable Booth Coating
Protective Booth Coatings
Tacky Booth Coatings
Thickened Paint Strippers
Urethane Cleaners
Paint Strippers
Aluminum Paint Stripper
Container Cleaning
E-coat Strippers
Epoxy Paint Strippers
Floor Paint Stripping
Galvanized & Zinc Die Cast Paint Strippers
Graffiti Removers
Latex Resin Remover
Leather Processing
Oxystrip
Powder Coating Strippers
Urethane Paint Strippers
Wood Paint Strippers
Soldering Fluxes
Aluminum Processing
Cast On Strap Battery
Copper Brass Processing
Metal Lubricant
Rolling Mill
Soldering Fluxes
Strippable Coatings
Aerospace
Automotive
Chemical Milling
Coating Remover
Construction
Decontamination
Equipment
Flame Retardants
Floor
Furniture
Glow In The Dark
High Temp
Laser Engraving
Liquid Masking
Marine
Metal
Optical
Paint Spray Booths
Plating/Anodizing
Screen Printing
Solvent
Stone
Tv & Movie Studio
UV
Window
Vanishing Oil
High Performance Vanishing Oil
High Speed Vanishing Oil
Privacy Policy
General Chemical Corporation Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from generalchem.com (the “Site”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
“Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
“Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers), email address, and phone number.
We refer to this information as “Order Information.”
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations).
Additionally, we use this order information to:
Communicate with you;
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the device information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may share your personal information with third parties to help us use your personal information, as described above.
We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site--you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout .
Finally, we may also share your personal information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
BEHAVIOURAL ADVERTISING
As described above, we use your personal information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.
For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at:
http://optout.aboutads.info/.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the site, we will maintain your order information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at info@generalchem.com or by mail using the details provided below:
12336 Emerson, Brighton, MI, 48116, United States
customize a plan to save you time, manpower and money.
sign up for deals!
send me