http://geniscoemifilters.com/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy
Genisco Filters (“we” or “us”) respects your privacy and we are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it.  If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website.  By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy.  This policy may change from time to time (see Changes To This Privacy Policy).  Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
SECTION 1 – INFORMATION
What do we collect?
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number (“personal information”), information that is about you but individually does not identify you, and information about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details.
Information You Provide To Us:
The information we collect on or through our Website may include information that you provide us by filling in forms on our Website or subscribing to our catalog.  This information includes your name, company, address, email address and any other information you include in such forms.  You may also provide information to be displayed (hereinafter, “posted”) on public areas of the Website (“User Contributions”).  Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk.  Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions.  Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies:
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns.  It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service.  The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include cookies, flash cookies and web beacons.  We do not collect personal information about you automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that you provide to us.
Cookies are small files saved to the user’s computer’s hard drive that track, save and store information about the user’s interactions and usage of the Website. This allows the Website, through its server, to provide the users with a tailored experience within this Website.  Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this Website on to their computer’s hard drive, they should take necessary steps within their Web browser’s security settings to block all cookies from this Website and its external serving vendors.
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics, which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but it will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read Google’s privacy policy for further information.
Other cookies may be stored to your computer’s hard drive by external vendors when this website uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts. Such cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected.
How do we use your information?
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information to present our Website and its contents to you, to provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us, to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it, in any other way that we may describe when you provide the information, and for any other purpose with your consent.
SECTION 2 – CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to place an order, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.  If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If you change your mind after you’ve opted in, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information at any time by contacting us at info@genisco.com.
If you delete your User Contributions from the Website, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Website users.
SECTION 3 – DISCLOSURE
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy to our subsidiaries and affiliates, to third parties we use to support out business who are bound by contractual obligations to keep information disclosed confidential, to a buyer or other successor of HSI or its assets in which personal information held by HSI is among the assets transferred, and for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Legal Statement
SECTION 4 – SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.  Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website.  Users contacting this Website and/or its owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Every effort has been made to ensure a safe and secure form to email submission process but we advise users using such forms to email processes that they do so at their own risk.
SECTION 5 – CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently as it is your responsibility to check for any changes. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website.  The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint or simply want more information, contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at info@genisco.com.