https://gentecequipment.com/content/11-privacy-policy
> Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyWe know how important it is to protect your personal information. That’s why we take great care in following these privacy policies:Usage of personal informationPersonal information includes your name, address, phone number, and e-mail address.We may use your personal information for a number of different purposes, such as fulfilling requests for products, services or information; providing customer services; administering contests or promotions; offering new products and services; measuring and improving the effectiveness of our Web Sites or our marketing strategies; and adapting our offers to your preferences.We may also collect and summarize customer information in a format that no longer identifies the individual for statistical purposes.Usage of non-personal informationLike many other Web sites, we automatically collect certain non-personal information regarding Web site users that does not identify you. Examples include the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer, the IP address of your Internet Service Provider, the date and time you access the Web Site, the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to the Web Site, the operating system you are using, the sections of the Web Site you visit, the Web Site pages read and images viewed, and the content you download from the Web Site.This non-personal information is used for Web Site and system administration purposes and to improve the Web Site.We may also use non-personal information to compile tracking information reports regarding Web Site user demographics, Web Site traffic patterns, and Web Site purchases, and then provide those reports to advertisers and others. None of the tracking information in the reports can be connected to the identities or other personal information of individual users. We may also link tracking information with personal information voluntarily provided by Web Site users. Once such a link is made, all of the linked information is treated as personal information and will be used and disclosed only in accordance with this Policy.Implied ConsentIn some cases, your consent is implied if we ask you to provide personal information with a stated purpose. For example, we can only deliver the product you have purchased if you provide us with your address and phone number.We will never sell your personal information. However we may share your information with third parties acting on our behalf, for example to a delivery services, a product repair services, etc., or as permitted or required by law.Express ConsentIn other cases, we will ask you to give us your express consent to use your personal information to advise you of products or services that may be of interest to you. You can always refuse to have your information used for this purpose. For example, when you subscribe to our newsletter, we consider that you gave us your express consent to send you promotional information. You can always decide to unsubscribe. Each e-mail we send you will tell you how to decline further e-mail.To accommodate changes in our service, the technology, and legal developments, this Policy might change over time. Don’t hesitate to contact us if you have any question about this policy.
My accountDealer Login & RegisterShopping CartTracking StatusSitemap Company Info
About Us
Become a Distributor
Gentec Equipement
Toll Free 1 888.661.4457 Dealer Login
Secure Payment Gateway
© 2020 Gentec Equipment Questions? Facebook Messenger!Gentec Equipment