https://geochron.co.uk/privacy-policy/
UA-72358753-2
Privacy Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Purple Zebra Website Privacy Policy
www.purple-zebra.com (Website) is brought to you by Purple Zebra Gifts Limited, a company incorporated and registered in England and Wales under company number 10695039 whose registered office address is at c/o Sears Morgan, Elm Park House, Elm Park, Pinner. HA5 3NN.
Why you should read this policy
We take the privacy of visitors to our Website (you) very seriously. Please read this privacy policy (Policy) carefully as it contains important information about how your personal data will be used.
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation and all other relevant legislation, Purple Zebra Gifts Limited (‘we’ or ‘us’) is the ‘data controller’ (ie the company who is responsible for, and controls the processing of, your personal data).
Personal data we may collect about you
Information that you provide
Personal information about you (such as your name, email address, phone number) will be obtained, whenever you complete forms on the Website.
We will also obtain personal information you provide when you send feedback, post material, contact us for any reason and by any medium, sign up to a service, make purchases through the website, share information via the Website’s social media functions, enter a competition, complete a survey or report a problem with the Website.
We may ask you to provide sensitive personal data from time to time.  If such data is requested, you will be given additional information as to why the sensitive personal data is being requested and how it will be used.
We may retain a record of any contact you make with us.
Personal Information about other individuals
If you give us information on behalf of someone else, you confirm that the other person has appointed you to act on his/her behalf and has agreed that you can:
give consent on his/her behalf to the processing of his/her data;
receive on his/her behalf and data protection notices;
give consent to any transfer of his/her data;
Information from third parties
Occasionally we may receive information about you from other sources (such as credit reference agencies), which will be added to the information already held about you in order for us to help supply our services and products to you.
Information that will be collected automatically
Cookies: We may monitor your use of the Website through the use of cookies and similar tracking devices. For example, we may monitor how many times you use the Website, which pages you go to and traffic data.  This information helps to build a profile of users to the Website. Some of this data will be aggregated or statistical, which means that we will not be able to identify you individually. For further information on the use of cookies on the Website, please see the sections on cookies below.
Device information: We may also collect information about your device each time you use the Website. For example, we may collect information on the type of mobile device that you are using and its unique device identifier (for example, the IMEI number, the device’s mobile phone number, or the MAC address of the device’s wireless network interface), the type of mobile browser that you are using, the mobile operating system that you are using, mobile network information and the time zone setting.
Information on your device: We may also collect information which is stored on your device each time you use the Website. For example, we may collect contact information, login information, friends lists, photos, videos and other digital content with your prior consent.
Location data: We may also collect information to determine your location using GPS technology or such other location tracking software we may use from time to time.  Some of the features of the Website may require access to such location data to work. If you would like to use any such feature, you will be asked to consent to provide such location information. You can withdraw your consent to providing this information at any time by  emailing sales@purple-zebra.com or contacting us via the contact details at the bottom of this policy.
How your personal data will be used
We will use your personal data for the following purposes:
to help identify you and any accounts you hold with Purple Zebra;
administration;
research, statistical analysis and behavioural analysis;
customer profiling and analysing your purchasing preferences;
marketing—see ‘Marketing and opting out’, below;
fraud prevention and detection;
billing and order fulfilment for purchases made through the Website;
credit scoring and credit checking—see ‘Credit checking’, below;
customising the Website and its content to your particular preferences;
to notify you of any changes to the Website or to our services or products that may affect you;
improving our services and products.
What is our lawful basis or ground for using your personal data?
Under laws that are designed to protect your personal data, we need to have what is called a lawful basis or ground each time we use, share or otherwise process your personal data.
By reading and agreeing to this Privacy Policy, you are consenting to us processing your personal data as detailed within this Privacy Policy.
We may also need to process your personal data to comply with any legal obligations which may be applicable. Likewise, we may process your personal data where this is in the public interest or it is to protect your vital interests, but this will only be in rare circumstances.
In most cases, our processing of your personal data is necessary for the performance of our services to you.
Certain uses of your personal data, or other processing activities, may not be strictly necessary to perform our services to you, however, they may be necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party. They may also be in your interests.
When we say “legitimate interests”, we mean our (or a third party’s) interests in enabling us to provide our services to you as efficiently and securely as possible. For example, we may choose to use a third party to store your personal data; we may do this in part because our use of that service means that your personal data is more secure.
Marketing and opting out
If you have provided your consent to receive news, special offers or promotions from us, we may contact you by mail, telephone, sms, text/picture/video message, email, about products, services, promotions, special offers and charitable causes that may be of interest to you.
We may share your personal data with organisations who are our business partners and we or they may contact you (unless you have asked us or them not to do so) by mail, telephone, sms, text/picture/video message, email, about products, services, promotions, special offers and charitable causes that may be of interest to you. If you prefer not to receive any further direct marketing communications from us or our business partners, you can opt out at any time. See further ‘Your rights’, below.
The Website may contain links to other websites or apps which we or our partners own, or websites or apps of our partners or third parties. Please note that if you follow any of these links, the websites, apps and services provided through them will have their own privacy policies/terms of use. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies/terms of use or the collection and use of any personal data collected through these websites, apps or services. Please ensure that you review the relevant privacy policies/terms of use prior to providing any personal data to, or using these websites, apps and services.
Disclosure of your personal data
We may disclose your personal data to:
other companies that become partners or part of a group with Purple Zebra Gifts Limited;
a third party who acquires Purple Zebra Gifts Limited or acquires substantially all of its assets, in which case the personal data shall be one of the acquired assets;
our agents and service providers;
law enforcement and regulatory agencies in connection with any investigation to help prevent unlawful activity or as otherwise required by applicable law;
business partners in accordance with the ‘Marketing and opting out’ section above
Keeping your data secure
We will use technical and organisational measures to safeguard your personal data, for example:
where you create an account on the website, this will be controlled by a password and username that are unique to you;
We will store your personal data on secure servers;
payment details are encrypted using SSL technology.
While we will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal data, you acknowledge that the use of the internet is not entirely secure and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any personal data that are transferred from you or to you via the internet.
Transfers of data out of the EEA
We will make reasonable efforts to ensure that your data is not transferred outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Where we use data servers that may transfer data out of the EEA we will take steps to ensure adequate protections are in place to ensure the security of your information and give you remedies in the unlikely event of a security breach.
All information you provide to us is stored with secure data processors for the purposes of storing your data, accounting purposes and social media purposes for example. A copy of your information is also stored securely on our internal server and computers where access is restricted.
Please note that we review all processors we utilise and ensure that there are adequate safeguards in place to protect your personal data, such as adherence to binding corporate rules or compliance with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework, which is a mechanism that ensures compliance with EU data protection requirements when transferring personal data from the European Union to the United States. You can learn more about Privacy Shield here: https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome
While we will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal data, you acknowledge that the use of the internet is not entirely secure and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any personal data that are transferred from you or to you via the internet. If you have any particular concerns about your information, please contact us using our contact details at the bottom of this policy.
What you can do to keep your information safe
If you want detailed information from Get Safe Online on how to protect your information and your computers and devices against fraud, identity theft, viruses and many other online problems, please visit www.getsafeonline.org. Get Safe Online is supported by HM Government and leading businesses.
Monitoring
We may monitor and record communications with you (such as telephone conversations and emails) for the purpose of quality assurance, training, fraud prevention and compliance.
Your Consent and Rights of Access
We will collect and store information about you with your consent, as detailed above. You provide us with your consent by choosing to provide your personal details when you contact us, completing our forms on our website and when you use our service and by reading and agreeing to this Privacy Policy
You can change your mind or remove or add your consent at any time.
You have the right of access to your personal records or other information that we hold about you. There is no administrative charge for this service.
You have the right to rectify any errors in the data we hold about you. If any data or information we hold about you is inaccurate, or out of date, please contact us and we will correct this immediately.
You have the right to have the data we hold about you erased.
If you wish us to continue to store your information but wish us to keep your data separateand not process it in any way, please let us know.
You have the right to ask us to stop processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. You may also specify that you object to direct marketing by particular channels such as by email of telephone. If this is the case, please specify the channels you are objecting to in your communications with us.
You have the right to data portability. If you wish to obtain your data for your own purposes across different services, we will provide this information to you in a CSV file. There is no administrative charge for this service.
You have the right to object to any direct marketing.
To revise your consent, access, amend or remove your records or assert any of your rights set out above, you should send your request in writing to us at sales@purple-zebra.com
You will need to provide proof of identity and address (eg a copy of your driving licence or passport, and a recent utility or credit card bill); and specify the personal data you want access to, amended or removed.
How long we will store your data
We will store your data for as long as necessary for the purpose of processing. The data may be deleted in the following circumstances:
You have withdrawn your consent to data processing
The original purpose for processing the data is no longer relevant or cannot be performed any more.
The data is no longer up to date or accurate.
Children
Purple Zebra Gifts Limited only offers services to individuals over the age of 18. In using our services, you confirm that you have read and consented to this Policy and verify that you are over the age of 18.
Use of cookies
A cookie is a small text file which is placed onto your mobile (or other electronic device) when you access the Website. We use cookies and other online tracking devices on the Website to:
keep track of the items stored in your shopping basket and take you through the checkout process;
recognise you whenever you visit the Website (this speeds up your access to the Website as you do not have to log on each time);
obtain information about your preferences, online movements and use of the internet;
carry out research and statistical analysis to help improve the Website content, products and services and to help us better understand our visitor and customer requirements and interests;
target our marketing and advertising campaigns and those of our partners more effectively by providing interest-based advertisements that are personalised to your interests; and
make your online experience more efficient and enjoyable.
The information we obtain from the use of cookies will not usually contain your personal data. Although we may obtain information about your device such as your IP address, your browser and/or other internet log information, this will not usually identify you personally. In certain circumstances we may collect personal information about you—but only where you voluntarily provide it (eg by completing an online form) or where you purchase goods or services from us.
In most cases we will need your consent in order to use cookies on this Website. The exception is where the cookie is essential in order for us to provide you with a service you have requested (eg to enable you to put items in your shopping basket and use the check-out process).
Consent (notification on home page)
There is a notice on the Website home page which describes how cookies are used and which also provides a link to this Policy. You will be presented with an option to accept the terms of this Privacy and Cookie Policy. If you use this Website after this notification has been displayed to you, you warrant that you have consented to the use of cookies for the purposes described in this Website privacy policy. Please see the below section on how to turn off cookies.
Third party cookies
We work with third-party suppliers who may also set cookies on the Website which, for example, we may use to display video content. These third-party suppliers are responsible for the cookies they set on our Website. If you want further information, please go to the website for the relevant third party. You will find additional information in the table below.
Description of cookies
The cookies that we utilise on our Website are placed to fulfil such functions as allowing visitors to share content with a range of networking and sharing platforms, analyzing how you use the Website and giving you a better more personalised experience.
Our Website uses the following cookies:
Session cookies expire at the end of your browser session and allow us to link your actions during that particular browser session.
Persistent cookies are stored on your device in between browser sessions, allowing us to remember your preferences or actions across multiple sites.
Some of the cookies we utilise on our website include:
Cookie Name
Cookie Description
_ga
This cookie is used to distinguish users who visit the website.
Source: Google Inc.
Duration: 2 years
_gid
This cookie is used to distinguish users who visit the website.
Source: Google Inc.
Duration: 24 hours
_gat
This cookie is used to throttle request rate.
Source: Google Inc.
Duration: 1 minute
_gac
This cookie contains campaign related information. Namely, it will set cookies where you interact with the adverts on our website, allowing us to track any conversions via AdWords Conversion Tags.
Source: Google Inc.
Duration: 90 days.
How to turn off cookies
If you do not want to accept cookies, you can change your browser settings so that cookies are not accepted. If you do this, please be aware that you may lose some of the functionality of the Website. For further information about cookies and how to disable them please go to: www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Our contact details
We welcome your feedback and questions. If you wish to contact us or our Data Protection Officer, please send us an email to sales@purple-zebra.com or fill in the contact form available on the Website at www.purple-zebra.com specifying that the communication is for the Data Protection Officer. You can also write to us or call us on 01923 777477.
Changes to this privacy policy
We may change this Policy from time to time. You should check this policy frequently to ensure you are aware of the most recent version that will apply each time you use the Website.
Data Protection Supervisory Authority
The Data Protection Supervisory Authority in the UK is the Information Commissioners Office. Should you have any complaints about the way we handle your data, you may direct them to the ICO. More information on the ICO can be found on their website here: https://ico.org.uk
Privacy Tools
Please identify yourself via e-mail
Enter your email address
Privacy Preferences
I Agree