https://getpayroll.com/getpayroll-privacy-policy/
GetPayroll Privacy Policy and Disclosure
The privacy of the personal information we collect from customers and potential customers is very important to GetPayroll.
We have posted this notice which is in compliance with federal and state guidelines. This notice is to provide you with our understanding of types of non-public personal information about you that we may collect, how we use it and how we protect that information.
I. Information we collect
We collect non-public personal information about you and your employees from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications for employment or contract services.
Information we receive from the companies we represent.
Information about your transactions with us and the companies we partner work.
Information from other sources, such as employers or government agencies.
Information from visits to our website.
The type of information we collect is related to the services you request from us and may include your name, address, social security number, marital status, and other information obtained while providing services to your company and employees.
II. Information we may disclose
We do not disclose any non-public personal information except as required by law.
III. Information we share with third parties
We do not disclose non-public personal information to non-affiliated third parties only as required by law.
IV. Our procedures to protect your private information
We restrict access to non-public personal information to those employees, agents, representatives or parties who need to know the information. We have policies and procedures that give direction to our employees regarding how to protect and use non-public personal information. If you have any questions, please contact us at 972-353-0000.
V. Marketing via Retargeting Information
By visiting our site third parties may place cookies and tracking pixels on your browsers for targeted advertising purposes. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device.
Data such as IP addresses, cookie identifiers, website activities that are collected for targeted advertising.
That this data may be used by third parties to target advertising on other sites based on your users’ online activity.
For instructions on how you can opt out of receiving targeting advertising, click here: w ww.aboutads.info or
networkadvertising.org/choices.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please email us at info@getpayroll.com.