http://getyouonline.co.uk/scripts/cookies/cookies-privacy.html
Use of cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your
computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make
websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to
the owners of the site.
The table below explains the cookies we use and why.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
More information
Google
Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These
cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We
use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The
cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of
visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages
they visited.
Click here for an overview of privacy
at Google
AddThis
_atuvc
The _atuvc cookie is created and read by the AddThis Sharing
JavaScript in order to make sure the user sees the updated count if they share a page and return to it before theAddThis share count cache is updated. No data from that cookie is sent back to AddThis and removing it when disabling cookies would cause unexpected behavior for users.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through
the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what
cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org
To opt out
of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout .
YouTube cookies
We embed videos from YouTube. Which may set cookies on your
computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store
personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos
using the privacy-enhanced mode. To find out more please visit YouTube’s
embedding videos information page
Data protection and
confidentiality
Some services on this website may require us to collect
personal information from you. To comply with the Data Protection Act, we have
a duty to tell you how we store the information we collect and how it is used.
Any information you do submit will
be stored securely and will never be passed on or sold to any third party.
Links to other websites
This privacy notice does not cover the links within this
site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements
on the other websites you visit.
Changes to this privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This
privacy notice was last updated on 29
May 2012.