https://gfplantspares.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to gfplantspares.com, the website of GF Plant Spares Ltd. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our Privacy Policy govern GF Plant Spares Ltd relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term ‘our’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose office is at: Moydow, Co Longford, Ireland. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content included in the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
This website uses cookies. For more information on cookie usage, please refer to our Privacy Policy.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by, licensed to us or provided by FILTERPEDIA LLC. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the Republic of Ireland.
Copyright
This website and its content is copyright of GF Plant Spares Ltd. All rights reserved.
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:
you may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only
you may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material
You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
GF Plant Spares
Call Now Button
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OKRead more