https://gibraltarbc.com/privacy-policy/
CloseSearch this websiteMENUMENUAbout
LeadershipSales Team
Asset-Based Lending
Financing Guidelines
Partnerships
Company BorrowersFinancial SponsorsOther Advisors
Case StudiesBlogContactMobile Menu
847-272-9618
Login
Menu Skip to right header navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerBefore Header
224-235-4551
Login
Privacy Policy
Gibraltar Business Capital, LLC (the “Company”) is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. This Privacy Policy applies with respect to the information that the Company collects from the Company’s Website, located at www.gibraltarbc.com. Amendments to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this Website and will be effective when posted so please check back periodically. Your continued use of this site following the posting of any amendment, modification or change shall constitute your acceptance thereof. We will not disclose any information you provide about yourself or your business to any third parties unless we have to do so in the ordinary course of our commercial relationship with you (including, without limitation, for marketing purposes) or to administer this Website.
I. INFORMATION COLLECTED
We collect information in several ways. Some personal information is gathered when you register for our newsletter, submit a request to talk to our Head of Sales, or request a consultation. When you register for our newsletter we ask for your email address. When you submit a request to talk to her Head of Sales or request a consultation we ask for your full name, email address, phone number and you will have an opportunity to leave a message. Apart from registering for our newsletter, submitting a request to talk to our Head of Sales, or requesting a consultation, we do not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you voluntarily submit such information to us, by, for example, including personally identifiable information in your request to talk to our Head of Sales.
II. USE OF INFORMATION
In general, we will only use the information you provide to us for the purpose for which such information was provided. We may also use this information to deliver to you information about our company and/or for the purposes of trend analysis, pattern detection, and site administration. Your information may also be used to contact you when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings from Company by following the instructions set forth in the opt-out section below.
Non-personal demographic and profile data may be used to tailor your experience at our site, showing you content in which we think you might be interested. This information may also be shared with advertisers on an aggregate, non-personal basis. Federal law authorizes us to use and to disclose personal information to third parties for the following purposes: (a) when necessary to provide our services or carry out business activities and (b) as required by law or legal processes. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we may provide personal information to third parties who are providing services to us on your behalf; to a successor to our business or the assets thereof; and/or in connection with any legal dispute between you and us or any third party.
III. USE OF IP ADDRESSES
We use your IP Address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Website.
IV. USE OF COOKIES
When you view our Website, we might store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a “cookie” or similar file. Cookies are small pieces of information that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your hard drive, not on our site. All sections of the Company’s website where you are prompted to log in or that are customizable require that you accept cookies. Generally, we use cookies to:
(1) Remind us of who you are and to access your account information (stored on our computers) in order to deliver to you a better and more personalized service. This cookie is set when you register or log in to the client portal and is modified when you log out of the client portal.
(2) Estimate our audience size. Each browser accessing our website is given a unique cookie which is then used to determine the extent of repeat usage, and usage by a registered user versus by an unregistered user.
(3) Measure certain traffic patterns, and your visiting patterns in the aggregate. We use this research to understand how our users’ habits are similar or different from one another so that we can make each new experience on our website a better one. We may use this information to better personalize the content that you and other users will see on our site.
(4) We also collect IP addresses for system administration.
Cookies do not spy on you or otherwise invade your privacy. Rather, they help you navigate a Website as easily as possible. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. If you choose not to accept cookies, however, some web pages may not display properly or you may not be able to access certain information.
V. SECURITY
Your Gibraltar Business Capital, LLC account information is password-protected so that you and only you have access to this personal information. You may edit your account information by using your Gibraltar Business Capital ID and password.
We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. Gibraltar Business Capital, LLC will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email. Also remember to sign out of your Gibraltar Business Capital, LLC account and close your browser window when you finished your work. This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal for financial information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place. We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accord with the relevant Terms and Conditions of Use and this Privacy Policy.
Keeping your and your company’s financial information private is vitally important to us. We take customer confidentiality and security very seriously. We have implemented appropriate internal security procedures that restrict access to and disclosure of personal or financial data within the company. These procedures will be reviewed from time to time determine whether they are being complied with and are effective. We do not make your for your company’s financial information available to any third parties without your permission. Our site has industry standard security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. While there is no such thing as “perfect security” on the Internet, we will take all reasonable steps to insure the safety of your personal information.
VI. OTHER WEBSITES; LINKS
Our Website contains links to other websites. The Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites, and you should review the privacy policy of such websites prior to visiting.
VII. CORRECT; UPDATE
We allow our users the option to change or modify information previously provided. This may be done by sending an email to reports@gibraltarbc.com.
Unfortunately, to the extent such information is also stored in other databases, we cannot always ensure that such corrections or deletions will reach the other databases. We will use all reasonable efforts to ensure that your information is removed from or corrected in our records.
VIII. CHOICE; OPT OUT
You may opt-out of receiving communications from our affiliates, and from us, by sending an email to reports@gibraltarbc.com.
IX. PUBLIC FORUMS
This site may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
X. SENDING COMMENTS/ONLINE FORMS; USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you choose to provide us with personal information, through such methods as completing an online form or sending us an email, we will use that information to respond to your message and to help us get you the information or services you have requested.
We do not create individual profiles with the information you provide. If information is collected, it will be used solely in connection with such purposes as are described at the point of collection. We do not give, sell, or transfer any personal information to a third party.
However, your email message, question, or comment may be forwarded to other Gibraltar Business Capital, LLC employees who may be better able to help you. Except as required by law or by the request or requirement of any judicial, legislative, administrative or other governmental body, we do not share our e-mail with any other outside organizations. However, e-mail and on-line forms are not secure against interception and senders cannot expect privacy. If you are concerned about transmitting personal information such as social security numbers, contact the web page owner for an alternative method to provide the necessary information.
XI. INDEMNITY
You agree at all times to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company, its agents, suppliers, affiliates and their respective directors and employees against all actions, proceedings, costs, claims, damages, demands, liabilities and expenses whatsoever (including legal and other fees and disbursements) sustained, incurred or paid by the Company directly or indirectly in respect of:
(i) any information or other content you provide on or through this website or by e-mail or other correspondence; or
(ii) Your use or misuse of the Content or this web site, including without limitation infringement claims.
XII. GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE
This Website and its Content shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of Illinois, U.S.A., without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.
XIII. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
This Website including the Content is protected by copyright and/or other proprietary rights. The Content may include content owned and controlled by third parties and licensed to the Company. All individual articles, reports and other elements making up this Website may be copyright works. You agree to abide by all additional copyright notices or restrictions contained on this Website.
You have no ownership rights or licenses in any of our trading names, trademarks or in the Content except for the right to use this Website and to download the Content in accordance with these terms.
You agree to email us at reports@gibraltarbc.com as soon as you become aware of any unauthorized use of this Website by anybody, or of any claim that this Website or any of the Contents infringe any copyright or other rights of any other party.
Contact us:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Website, you can contact us at 847-272-9618 or by emailing info@gibraltarbc.com.
Footer
Connect with Us
Contact Us
224-235-4551
info@GibraltarBC.com
400 Skokie Blvd #375
Northbrook, IL 60062
Quicklinks
About
Leadership
Sales Team
Asset-Based Lending
Financing Guidelines
Partnerships
Company Borrowers
Financial Sponsors
Other Advisors
Case Studies
Blog
Contact