https://gienapparchitects.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Scroll
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for GienappArchitects.com. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use and Sharing
Gienapp Architects is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We only have access to information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. Gienapp Architects will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
Gienapp Architects will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party unless it is necessary to fulfill your request.
Unless you ask Gienapp Architects not to, we may contact you via email in the future to inform you of new projects or services or changes to this Privacy Policy.
Your Access To and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from Gienapp Architects at any time. You can do the following, at any time, by contacting us via the email address or phone number listed on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
Gienapp Architects takes precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. However, all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this Privacy Policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 978-750-9062 or Admin@GienappArchitects.com.
Cookies
Gienapp Architects uses “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you will not have to login with a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users and thereby enhance the experience while on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Links
This website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.