https://gilberttweed.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
The privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document is designed to advise you about how we collect, use, and protect the Personally Identifiable Information (hereinafter defined) that you provide to us through our website. By visiting this website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
1.) INFORMATION WE GATHER AND TRACK
(a) Log Files
Like many other Web sites, our site makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
(b) Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
2.) USE OF INFORMATION
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in, but not limited to, the following ways:
– To personalize your experience
– To improve our website
3.) HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. We will not sell, provide, or transfer you email address to others.
4.) CHILDREN PRIVACY PROTECTION
This website does not provide services or sell products to children under the age of 18.
If we discover we have received any information from a child under the age of 18 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe we have received any information from or about anyone under the age of 18, please contact us at the address listed below.
5.) THIRD PARTY LINKS
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
6.) POLICY CHANGES
These policies may be amended by us at any time and without notice, but will be posted at this page. You agree that your continued use of our websites, product or service after that date will constitute your consent and acceptance of the amendment.
7.) CONTACT INFORMATION
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us at the following e-mail address:
jbaez@gilberttweed.com
Scroll To Top