https://gilligansheppard.co.nz/welcome/privacy-policy/
Menu
Welcome
About Us
Our Associations
Client Endorsements
AML Information
Privacy Policy
Meet The Team
Services
Updates
COVID-19 UPDATES
Contact Us
We collect personal information from you, including information
such as your name, email address, phone number and billing information. We
collect this personal information in order to answer queries and or send you
information as requested and or send you our monthly newsletter if you have
subscribed.
Besides our staff, we share this information with third party
software in order to keep accurate records and, if you have subscribed, send
you our newsletter or an invitation to subscribe to our newsletter.
Providing some information is optional. If you choose not to enter
a certain type of information, we may be unable to provide specific services.
Please view the AML information here [https://gilligansheppard.co.nz/welcome/aml-info/].
You have the right to ask for a copy of any personal information
we hold about you, and to ask for it to be corrected if you think it is wrong.
If you’d like to ask for a copy of your information, or to have it corrected,
please contact us via any of the following communication methods;
Email: gilshep@gilshep.co.nzPhone: 09 309 5191Post: PO Box 6310, Wellesley Street, Auckland 1141, New Zealand.
Disclosure: We will treat your personal information as confidential.
We may need to disclose certain information to; our contractors or agents; other
organisations including other parties to the matter, a Court and law
enforcement and government agencies who process transactions or perform
regulatory functions, but only to carry out your instructions, to fulfil our
professional duties, to exercise our rights under these Terms, or to comply
with a legal requirement.
We will comply with all applicable laws (including the Privacy Act
1993) when we collect, use, and disclose personal information about you.
We will sometimes need to collect, use and disclose personal
information about your employers, directors or other people associated with you
or with your transactions (including any principals or beneficiaries for whom
or for whose benefit you are acting) to carry out your instructions. Please
make sure that these people are aware that our acting for you may involve
collecting, using, and disclosing personal information about them. In most
cases they can request access to the personal information we hold about them.
We may also use your personal information to keep you informed
about financial developments, other legal services, seminars we offer. Please
let us know if you do not want your personal information used for this purpose.
our associations
An association of independent accountants & advisors
latest update
Lockdown, hobbies, and the meaning of life
latest updatesLockdown, hobbies, and the meaning of lifeevents & seminarsAn association of independent accountants & advisors