http://gilmoreport.com/privacy-policy/
Actionable Stock Ideas from Gil Morales
member login |
subscribe
Skip to content
Search for:
Home
Gilmo Report
Gilmo Blog
Watch List
Videos
Free Reports
ABOUT
About the Gilmo Report
About Us
The Gilmo Report
Education
Contact
Subscribe
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes how Gil Morales & Company, LLC and its affiliates (“GMC”) will treat the personal information received about you when you visit The Gilmo Report (hereafter referred to as the “Service”).
Information We Collect
We Collect: When you register for membership or other benefits, and at other times, we will collect personally identifiable information from you that may include your name, address, e-mail address and credit-card information, and other information such as your age, facts about your computers, profession and investing habits and similar information. We do not, however, knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen.
Surveys: We may conduct occasional surveys and other customer research. These are entirely voluntary and you may easily decline to participate.
Web Site Usage Information: We automatically collect IP addresses and Web site usage information from you when you visit the Service. This information helps us, among other things, evaluate how you use and navigate our Web site.
How We Use Information Collected
We may use information in the following ways:
For the purposes for which you specifically provided the information including, for example, to process, validate and verify your registration.
To send you notifications about your accounts or transactions with us and to otherwise contact you with information that we believe will be of interest to you.
To notify you about our products, services, and special offers or those of our advertisers.
To enhance or develop features, products and services.
To provide advertisers and other third parties with aggregate information about our user base and usage patterns.
To personalize the content and advertising that you and others see based on personal characteristics or preferences.
Except as specifically set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will not share your personally identifiable information outside of GMC, unless we tell you otherwise when we collect the information or you “opt in” to having your personally identifiable information shared with a company that is not affiliated with us. Subject to the foregoing, we may allow select companies to send you materials about their products and services.
We may combine the information that we collect from you on the Service with information that you provide to us in connection with your use of our other products, services and Web sites or information we collect from third parties.
We may hire other companies to perform services including, without limitation, facilitating some aspects of the Service, sending e-mail, fulfilling purchase requests, delivering ads, and auditing. These other companies may be supplied with or have access to your personally identifiable information solely for the purpose of providing these services to us or on our behalf.
We may disclose and use personally identifiable information in special circumstances where it is necessary to enforce our Terms of Service and other rights (for example, when necessary to protect our intellectual property rights) or when we, in our sole discretion, believe it is necessary or appropriate in connection with or as the result of a change in ownership of all or a portion of the Service as the result of a merger, acquisition, or transfer to another company. We also may disclose or use your personal information when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so.
Your Ability to Choose
We offer you the opportunity to choose whether to receive certain communications – both when you give us your personally identifiable information and as set out below. Please note that if you have registered more than one email address with us, you must update your preferences for each email address separately.
Also, please note that we may send you certain communications relating to your membership accounts, such as transaction confirmations and other administrative messages, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them.
Review and Correction
You may review and update the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us by contacting Customer Service at support AT gilmoreport.com. Please note that if you have registered more than one email address with us, each email address constitutes a distinct account, and you must update your information in each account separately.
While we strive to process your requests as quickly as possible, please allow for reasonable time for us to process your updates.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We employ cookie technology to, among other things, allow you to move quickly through our Service, facilitate the login processes and allow you to personalize and store your settings. We also use cookies to collect site usage information, estimate our total audience size and traffic, and help us improve our site’s experience by measuring which areas are of greatest interest to users.
You can turn off the ability to receive any of these cookies by adjusting the browser in your computer. The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether.
Other cookies that you may receive during your sessions here may be from third-party service providers or third-party ad servers. Third-party ad servers collect and use non-personally identifiable information about your visits to the Service and other Web sites in order to present advertisements that may be of interest to you.
We may also use Web beacons (invisible images often referred to as pixel tags or clear GIFs) on our Service in order to recognize users and assess traffic patterns, and we may include Web beacons and cookies in our e-mail messages, including newsletters, to, among other things, count how many e-mail messages have been opened.
Ads for the Service
Should we decide to advertise on other sites, and should you view an ad for the Service on other sites, our third-party advertising company may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. The Service and our advertising company may also use Web beacons (invisible images often referred to as pixel tags or clear GIFs) to note which pages you visit after viewing our ads. The information that is collected through the use of these images is not personally identifiable and is used only to track response to our advertising efforts.
Security
The personally identifiable information we collect about you is stored in limited-access servers. We will maintain safeguards to protect the security of these servers. If you choose to make a purchase through our Web site, during your purchase the personal and credit card information you transmit over the Internet will be encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
Data Retention
We retain your information for as long as necessary to permit us to use it for the purposes that we have communicated to you and comply with applicable law or regulations.
Specific Features
Interactive Tools. Certain features of the Service may be introduced in the future to give you an opportunity to interact with us and other members. These may include message boards, submitting a letter to the editor, creating community profiles, creating virtual stock portfolios, and rating, tagging and commenting on articles. When you use these features you should be aware that any information you submit there, including your name, location and e-mail address, may be publicly available to others. We are not responsible for any information you choose to submit through these interactive features.
Third-Party and Corporate Memberships. If your access to the Service, or any part of the Service, is provided by your employer or a third party, we may notify your employer or that third party when you access the Service. In doing so, we may reveal limited amounts of your personally identifiable information such as your name or email address. Your employer or the third party providing your access may provide us with limited amounts of personal information about you to facilitate your access to the Service and so that we may identify you when providing it with user and usage information.
Policy Modifications
When we make any material change to this Privacy Policy, we will inform you by changing the date on this page noting when the policy was last updated.
Questions, Comments and Concerns
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, you may contact us at support AT gilmoreport.com (without the spaces).
Sign up for ourFree Market Letter
The Gilmo Report ©2020 All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy