https://gldistributors.com/terms-and-conditions/
Banner Images by:Rene Pimentel
Terms and Conditions
http://www.arteciencia.cl/sen-teaching-assistant-personal-statement-examples/
Acceptance of Terms*
GL Distributors, Inc. reserves the right to accept or reject any and all orders, regardless of the manner in which the order is made. GL Distributors, Inc. reserves the right to update these Terms and Conditions (“TAC”) at any time without notice to you.
Place of Sale*
Orders become valid, and the sale shall be deemed made in Pembroke Pines, Broward County, Florida, subject to the terms set forth herein, when accepted by GL Distributors, Inc., in Pembroke Pines, Broward County, Florida. All sales are subject to the laws of the State of Florida and the United States Government. The venue for all disputes shall be in the courts of Florida. No change, modification or revision of your order shall be valid unless agreed to in writing by GL Distributors, Inc. Any terms and conditions set forth in the buyer’s purchase order shall not materially alter terms and conditions set forth herein.
Restrictions on the Sale of Specific Products*
The United States Government restricts the sale of certain products to international destinations in which an export license must be obtained. GL Distributors, Inc. will ship products only within the United States of America, its Territories and Military APO/FPO/DPO addresses. There will be no shipments under any circumstances to international destinations. All transactions are subject to screening against all published Denied Parties Listings made available by the United States Government.
GL Distributors, Inc. may restrict the sale of selected products that identify the holder or wearer as a member of any law enforcement agency. Orders for such products must be submitted on department letterhead or purchase order, and with a copy of official identification. Please call our Customer Service Department at (954) 441-1473 for more details. When you place an order for products that are subject to any legal restrictions, you warrant to us that you are authorized to make such purchase, and you are in compliance with all local, state and federal laws concerning same. As a double check to protect the public, please understand that we may verify employment of any person ordering such items. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.
Restriction on Purchase or Possession of Body Armor*
It is generally against Federal Law for a person convicted of a violent felony to purchase or possess body armor. In addition, various States also have laws restricting the purchase or possession of body armor by persons convicted of certain felonies, other crimes of violence, or drug crimes. By purchasing body armor from GL Distributors, Inc., you acknowledge and certify that (i) you have no felony convictions, (ii) you have not been convicted of any other crime that would restrict your ability to purchase or possess body armor under any Federal or State law, (iii) you do not intend to use the body armor for any criminal purpose and (iv) you are over 18 years old. GL Distributors, Inc. reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to refuse to sell body armor to any person. Additionally, the sale of body armor to residents of Connecticut is restricted to in-person sales, unless the sale is made to certain law enforcement or military personnel.
Copyright Notice*
Copyright © 2016 – GL Distributors, Inc., 18459 Pines Boulevard, Suite #340, Pembroke Pines, FL 33029, U.S.A.. All rights reserved.
Privacy and Protection of Personal Information*
See the Privacy Statement relating to the collection and use of your information.
Links To Third Party Websites*
As a convenience to you, this website may contain links to third party websites that are not owned, operated or controlled by GL Distributors, Inc. By including these links, GL Distributors, Inc. is not endorsing or approving such websites. GL Distributors, Inc. shall not be liable or responsible for any loss or damage resulting from your use of any third party linked website or from any information, products or services made available on any such linked website. GL Distributors, Inc. makes no representations or warranties, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement, regarding any third party linked website or any information, products or services made available through any such linked website. By clicking on a link to another website you will leave this website.
Pricing on the Website*
Although every effort is made to keep our website error-free, occasionally a mistake will occur. In the event of an error, we reserve the right to correct the error. GL Distributors, Inc. reserves the right to change product pricing at any time. Roulette rules
*Terms and conditions subject to change. Any updates will be posted to this page.
Michael DeRosa
Quartermaster, Reserve Captain, Palm Beach Gardens PD
FYI we all got our tac vests (GH Armor Tactical Response Carrier) and LOVE THEM! Whenever you can, I’d like to make an appointment with you to get measured for & buy a new vest (concealable) as well as buy one of the plates you showed us for my tac vest.
Sgt. Jimmy Deal
Miami Springs Police Department
I just wanted to follow up, and thank your company for your EXCELLENT customer service. You got back to my query for help in a very reasonable time, and your representative, Mark Altman (GL Distributors) is a class act. The idea of “customer service” is dead most places, but not at Diamondback Tactical. I always believe in praising people, and not just delivering bad news. Thank you once again for hiring great people to represent you, and making quality items for us gunfighters, patrolling some of the roughest cities in the US.
Officer Nicholas Jacobs
Miami Gardens Police Department
Hi Mark, I just wanted to let you know that we got all three of our external vest carriers today (GH Armor – Tactical Response Carrier).  What a difference!  I don’t know how you guys do it but it feels more comfortable and has less bulk than our previous carriers.  We appreciate you coming to fit us and you were right on with the delivery time.  Keep up the great work. Thanks.
Officer Jorge Capote
Miami Springs Police Department
Vest (Synergy IIIA) fits perfect, comfortable as hell. Best part is, u guys did it on the first cut. Awesome job. Thanks again.
Officer Patrick Murphy
Miramar Police Department
Products
Speed Plate 8" x 10" Full Cut
$135.00
Sheriff ID Panel 4x11 Gray On Black
$18.00
Police ID Panel 4x11 Black On OD Green
$18.00
HeliX Level IIIA - Male
$935.00
Police ID Panel 2x4 Gold On Black
$10.00
GL Distributors, Inc. 1996-2020 © | 18459 Pines Boulevard | Suite 340 | Pembroke Pines, FL 33029