https://gldistributors.com/terms-of-use/
Banner Images by:Rene Pimentel
Terms of Use
http://www.dsc-sports.com/?p=3655
Acceptance of Terms
GL Distributors, Inc. reserves the right to accept or reject any and all orders, regardless of the manner in which the order is made. GL Distributors, Inc. reserves the right to update these Terms and Conditions at any time without notice to you. The most current version of the Terms and Conditions can be reviewed by clicking on the “Terms of Use” hypertext link located at the top of our web pages.
Place of Sale
Orders become valid, and the sale shall be deemed made in Pembroke Pines, Broward County, Florida, subject to the terms set forth herein, when accepted by GL Distributors, Inc., in Pembroke Pines, Broward County, Florida. All sales are subject to the laws of the State of Florida, and the venue for all disputes shall be in the courts of Florida. No change, modification or revision of your order shall be valid unless agreed to in writing by GL Distributors, Inc. Any terms and conditions set forth in the buyer’s purchase order shall not materially alter terms and conditions set forth herein.
Restrictions on the Sale of Specific Products
GL Distributors, Inc. restricts the sale of selected products to members of law enforcement. Orders for such products must be submitted on department letterhead, and with official identification. Please call our Customer Service Department at 954-441-1473 for more details. When you place an order for products that are subject to any legal restrictions, you warrant to us that you are authorized to make such purchase, and you are in compliance with all local, state and federal laws concerning same.
Copyright Notice
Copyright © 1996 – 2016 GL Distributors, Inc., 18459 Pines Boulevard, Suite # 340, Pembroke Pines, Florida, 33029, U.S.A. All rights reserved.
Privacy and Protection of Personal Information
We take active measures to protect your online ordering and communication information.
Your credit card number is secure
GL Distributors, Inc. protects your privacy. We know that being a public safety professional often requires the utmost security, so we assure you that any information you provide us through our website is absolutely safe. Your credit card information is stored in a secure server. Only those with proper authorization can view this data.
Pricing on the Website
Although every effort is made to keep our website error-free, occasionally a mistake will occur. In the event of an error, we reserve the right to correct the error.
Shipping Policy
Shipping Information
Our standard shipping within the 48 Continental United States is usually done via UPS. In-stock merchandise will be shipped immediately; some items may ship directly from our manufacturers to expedite delivery. To insure a proper fit, Body Armor is a custom manufactured item and normal lead time is 4-6 weeks.
Michael DeRosa
Quartermaster, Reserve Captain, Palm Beach Gardens PD
FYI we all got our tac vests (GH Armor Tactical Response Carrier) and LOVE THEM! Whenever you can, I’d like to make an appointment with you to get measured for & buy a new vest (concealable) as well as buy one of the plates you showed us for my tac vest.
Sgt. Jimmy Deal
Miami Springs Police Department
I just wanted to follow up, and thank your company for your EXCELLENT customer service. You got back to my query for help in a very reasonable time, and your representative, Mark Altman (GL Distributors) is a class act. The idea of “customer service” is dead most places, but not at Diamondback Tactical. I always believe in praising people, and not just delivering bad news. Thank you once again for hiring great people to represent you, and making quality items for us gunfighters, patrolling some of the roughest cities in the US.
Officer Nicholas Jacobs
Miami Gardens Police Department
Hi Mark, I just wanted to let you know that we got all three of our external vest carriers today (GH Armor – Tactical Response Carrier).  What a difference!  I don’t know how you guys do it but it feels more comfortable and has less bulk than our previous carriers.  We appreciate you coming to fit us and you were right on with the delivery time.  Keep up the great work. Thanks.
Officer Jorge Capote
Miami Springs Police Department
Vest (Synergy IIIA) fits perfect, comfortable as hell. Best part is, u guys did it on the first cut. Awesome job. Thanks again.
Officer Patrick Murphy
Miramar Police Department
Products
Speed Plate 8" x 10" Full Cut
$135.00
Sheriff ID Panel 4x11 Gray On Black
$18.00
Police ID Panel 4x11 Black On OD Green
$18.00
HeliX Level IIIA - Male
$935.00
Police ID Panel 2x4 Gold On Black
$10.00
GL Distributors, Inc. 1996-2020 © | 18459 Pines Boulevard | Suite 340 | Pembroke Pines, FL 33029