https://gldistributors.com/your-privacy-and-security-is-important-to-us/
Banner Images by:Rene Pimentel
Your Privacy and Security is Important to Us
http://www.berlinhaushoch.de/wp/?p=3422
Last updated: June 30, 2013.
This privacy statement covers the site www.https://gldistributors.com. By visiting the site, you are accepting the privacy practices described below. GLDistributors.com Privacy Statement clearly discloses:
1. Information Collection
Personal Information
GL Distributors collects personal information you give us when you visit our site; contact GL Distributors by mail, phone or e-mail; and/or fill out requests for information through our advertisements and promotions. We collect only personally identifiable information that you provide to us such as: name, address, phone number, e-mail address and for orders, shipping and billing information (e.g., credit card number and expiration date), and any information you may volunteer, such as survey information.
Non-Personal Information
We may also collect and record non-personal information regarding the types of products ordered on the site, information on how many visits each page receives and user-specific information on what pages on the site were visited. We may track the page you visited before coming to our site and the page you link to when you leave. And we obtain certain types of technical information when your Web browser accesses GLDistributors.com such as your Internet protocol (IP) address (a unique number that identifies your Internet access), the domain name and host from which you access the Internet and computer and connection information such as browser type and version and operating system. We may utilize and possibly download software tools that measure and collect session information including download errors, visit length to certain pages, page response times and technical interaction information regarding scrolling, clicks and other methods used to browse the site’s pages.
Cookies
Like many Web sites, we receive and store certain types of information automatically through the use of “cookies.” Cookies are files that your Web browser places on your computer’s hard drive that enable us to track your experience on our site and therefore customize our site for our customers in order to provide a more enjoyable shopping experience. You may set your browser to reject cookies, but this may limit your ability to take full advantage of some of the features offered on our site.
2. Information Collection by 3rd Parties
GL Distributors may employ third parties to perform certain business functions on our behalf. These functions may include but not be limited to (a) collect information that you provide to us such as: name, address, phone number, e-mail address and for orders, shipping and billing information (e.g., credit card number and expiration date), and any information you may volunteer, such as survey information; (b) fulfilling orders, including processing credit card payments and delivering packages; (c) analyzing data and providing marketing assistance; and (d) generating and revising customer lists. None of these third parties may use any personal information collected for any purpose other than to carry out their business function on our behalf.
3. Information Usage
The information we collect is used to better serve our customers by making their online visits more enjoyable. We do so by responding to your requests, modifying areas that need to be improved upon, customizing your shopping experience and communicating with you for marketing purposes (such as providing you with special offers and notifying you of new product launches). We also use the information provided for shipping and billing purposes, we use non-personal information, technical data and information collected by third parties for internal business and marketing purposes, and to monitor site security.
4. Information Sharing
GL Distributors does share customer information under the limited conditions described below:
Agents: GL Distributors shares certain customer information with its third party business agents as described in Section 2. The provision of personally-identifiable information to such third parties is for our own business purposes, such as to process your order or to provide services for us.
Other: GL Distributors, from time to time, shares mailing list information with 3rd parties. If you would prefer us not to include you on these lists, please write to us at: GL Distributors, Inc., 18459 Pines Boulevard, Suite # 340, Pembroke Pines, FL 33029, call us at (954) 441-1473 (or e-mail us at mark@https://gldistributors.com with your full name in the subject line). Please be sure to include your first name, last name, address, city, state, zip code, and phone number to ensure we can process your request. We will process your request promptly, but please note that you may receive additional contacts before your name removal takes effect. We regret any inconvenience this may cause.
GL Distributors occasionally sends e-mail offers to certain customers. If you would prefer to not be included in our e-mail campaigns, see your options in section 5 of this privacy policy below.
Notwithstanding anything else in this policy, we may disclose personal and other collected information when required by law or when we deem it necessary to protect the rights or safety of site users, our employees or property. This includes exchanging information with third parties and organizations in connection with credit risk reduction and fraud protection. We may also transfer or disclose personal information in the context of the sale of some or all of our assets or our purchase of another party’s assets.
5. Customer Options
As discussed above, you can always choose not to be included in mailing lists or in e-mail marketing campaigns. In addition to these requests, if you do not wish to be included in online marketing efforts, wish to have your name removed from a mailing list or wish to correct or update personal information we have for you, e-mail us at mark@https://gldistributors.com with your full name in the subject line. If you prefer, you can send us a letter at the following address: GL Distributors, Inc., 18459 Pines Boulevard, Suite # 340, Pembroke Pines, FL 33029 or call us at (954) 441-1473. We will process your request promptly, but please note that you may receive additional contacts before your request takes effect. We regret any inconvenience this may cause.
6. Security Procedures in Place to Protect Information
You are an important customer at GL Distributors and your online ordering is highly valued.
Our web servers are authenticated by VeriSign so you can trust that you are doing business with GL Distributors. We protect the security of credit card and other sensitive information you provide online by using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) security software that encrypts such information. The security features are automatic. For example, once you’ve clicked the SUBMIT button on the Checkout page, your browser looks for a digital certificate to confirm that it is communicating with GLDistributors.com. Once a positive ID is made, your order continues. We use VeriSign software to enable the use of digital certificates. You can click on the VeriSign logo (on the GL Distributors homepage) to verify that GLDistributors.com is a VeriSign site. For your security, the verification process happens in the background every time you place an order on our site.
Additionally, GL Distributors employs industry standard firewall and anti-virus protection along with maintaining vendor security patches. We also utilize a 3rd party security scanning service to scan our web servers and web sites to assure we are up to industry standards in regard to patching and security configurations.
Although GL Distributors has implemented measures designed to secure personal information collected on our website from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.
If you have any questions or concerns about security on the GL Distributors site, please feel free to send an e-mail to: mark@https://gldistributors.com.
7. Information Correction and Access by Customers
If you wish to change or modify information previously provided, or something isn’t right, simply e-mail us at mark@https://gldistributors.com and we’ll do our best to make it right.
8. Children’s Privacy
GL Distributors does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and GL Distributors does not target its website or its products to children. We do not sell products for purchase by children; this site is entirely aimed at adults.
9. General
Links
We may provide links to third party web sites on the GL Distributors site. We are not responsible for the content or information collection practices of those pages. Likewise, GL Distributors cannot be responsible for policies relating to privacy on any of such linked web sites. We strongly advise you to review the policies at any web site you visit.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and any other places we deem appropriate. We may notify our customers as appropriate via e-mail and/or by posting a notice on this site for 30 days if at some future time there is a material change to our information usage practices that affect your personally identifiable information, but you should check this privacy policy frequently for changes.
10. Contact Information
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you may contact us:
By Telephone: (954) 441-1473
By Mail:
GL Distributors, Inc.
18459 Pines Boulevard
Suite # 340
Pembroke Pines, FL 33029
By E-mail:
mark@https://gldistributors.com
Michael DeRosa
Quartermaster, Reserve Captain, Palm Beach Gardens PD
FYI we all got our tac vests (GH Armor Tactical Response Carrier) and LOVE THEM! Whenever you can, I’d like to make an appointment with you to get measured for & buy a new vest (concealable) as well as buy one of the plates you showed us for my tac vest.
Sgt. Jimmy Deal
Miami Springs Police Department
I just wanted to follow up, and thank your company for your EXCELLENT customer service. You got back to my query for help in a very reasonable time, and your representative, Mark Altman (GL Distributors) is a class act. The idea of “customer service” is dead most places, but not at Diamondback Tactical. I always believe in praising people, and not just delivering bad news. Thank you once again for hiring great people to represent you, and making quality items for us gunfighters, patrolling some of the roughest cities in the US.
Officer Nicholas Jacobs
Miami Gardens Police Department
Hi Mark, I just wanted to let you know that we got all three of our external vest carriers today (GH Armor – Tactical Response Carrier).  What a difference!  I don’t know how you guys do it but it feels more comfortable and has less bulk than our previous carriers.  We appreciate you coming to fit us and you were right on with the delivery time.  Keep up the great work. Thanks.
Officer Jorge Capote
Miami Springs Police Department
Vest (Synergy IIIA) fits perfect, comfortable as hell. Best part is, u guys did it on the first cut. Awesome job. Thanks again.
Officer Patrick Murphy
Miramar Police Department
Products
Speed Plate 8" x 10" Full Cut
$135.00
Sheriff ID Panel 4x11 Gray On Black
$18.00
Police ID Panel 4x11 Black On OD Green
$18.00
HeliX Level IIIA - Male
$935.00
Police ID Panel 2x4 Gold On Black
$10.00
GL Distributors, Inc. 1996-2020 © | 18459 Pines Boulevard | Suite 340 | Pembroke Pines, FL 33029