http://globaledge.msu.edu/policies/privacy
Global Insights
By Country
By Trade Bloc
By Classification
By Industry
By State
Reference Desk
Global Resource Directory
Online Course Modules
Export Tutorials
Glossary
Tools and Data
MPI
DIBS
Diagnostic Tools
Test Your Knowledge
Comparator Tool
Interactive Rankings
Get Connected
globalEDGE Blog
globalEDGE Business Review
globalEDGE Newsletter
globalEDGE Business Beat
Academy (for students, faculty, teachers)
Course Content
Announcements
Community Colleges
International Internship Directory
Why Study International Business?
Copyright
Disclaimer
Privacy
Logos
How Do I...
Locate a variety of international business resources?
Check out the Global Resource Directory
globalEDGE Newsletter
globalEDGE's monthly newsletter
Subscribe
Home
Policies
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Michigan State University's International Business Center has created this privacy
statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following
discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website:
globalEDGE.msu.edu.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer
our Web site.
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your session when logged in. We use cookies
to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.
In addition, cookies are used through Google Analytics to help us track web site
activity.
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like
their name and email address). We use customer contact information from the registration
form to send the user information about the International Business Center at Michigan
State University and CIBER. The customer's contact information is also used to contact
the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see
the choice/opt-out section below. This information will never be given or sold to
any third-party
This site contains links to other sites. globalEDGE is not responsible for the privacy
practices or the content of such Web sites.
globalEDGE Network™
Members of globalEDGE may opt to join the globalEDGE Network which will allow other
network members to search for shared information. Information which will be assessable
will include: Name, Organization, Occupation, Job Title, Industry, City, State/Other
State, Country, Bio. Email messages sent to a Network member will be sent through
the globalEDGE™ site and will not be visible to other users.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration
of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from
us at the point where we request information about the visitor.
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information
previously provided.
To modify previously provided information, please log in and visit the Profile page.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site,
or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
International Business Center
Michigan State University
Eppley Center
645 N. Shaw Lane Rm. 7
East Lansing, MI 48824-1121
Phone: (517) 353-4336
Contact Form