https://globalrose.com/privacy
ACCOUNT CONTACT MY CART
ONE CLICK VDAY ROSES
Next Day For Delivery
Roses
Roses By Color
Assorted Color Roses
Black Roses
Blue Roses
Burgundy Roses
Green Roses
Hot Pink Roses
Ivory-Cream Roses
Lavender Roses
Mothers Day Roses
Multi-Color Roses
Orange Roses
Pink Roses
Purple Roses
Red Roses
Valentine Roses
White Roses
Yellow Roses
Roses By Variety
Rose Varieties View All
Black Varieties
Blue Varieties
Burgundy Varieties
Green Varieties
Hot Pink Varieties
Ivory-Cream Varieties
Multi-Color Varieties
Orange-Salmon Varieties
Peach-Pink Varieties
Pink Varieties
Purple / Lavender Varieties
Red Varieties
White Varieties
Yellow Varieties
Rose By Quantity
Choose Your Exact Quantity of Roses
Single Rose Arrangements
Roses by the Dozen
50 Roses
75 Roses
100 Roses
Roses For Sale
Special Roses
Mix & Match Your Choice of Roses
Mothers Day Roses
Subscription Club by Solid Colors
Subscription Club by Variety Roses
Rose Petals
Garden Roses
Rainbow Color Roses
Super Premium Big Roses
Spray Roses
Red Roses with Other Color Roses
Rose Box Special
Valentine Roses
All Flowers
A-C
Agapanthus
Alstroemerias
Anniversary Flowers
Asiatic Lilies
Asters
Aster Matsumotos
Aster Solidago
Aralia
Baby's Breath
Babys Breath Tinted
Bells of Ireland
Best Sellers
Boutonnieres
Bridal Bouquets
Bridesmaid Bouquets
Business Gift Flowers
Button Pom Poms
Calla Lilies White
Calla Lilies Color
Carnations
Centerpieces
Christmas Flowers
Chrysanthemum Pom Poms
Cocculus Laurifolius
Corsages
C-H
Croton Leaves
Daisy Flowers
Delphiniums
Dendrobium Orchids
Dozen Roses
Dianthus Flowers
Disbud Pom Poms
Dusty Miller
Easter Flowers
Eryngium
Eucalyptus
Eucalyptus Cinerea
Eucalyptus Gunnii
Eucalyptus Parvifolia
Eucalyptus Silver Dollar
Fall Flowers
Everyday Flowers
Father's Day Flowers
Fundraising Flowers
Gerbera Daisies
Graduation Flowers
Green Ball
Greenery Fern
Gypsophila
Halloween Flowers
Hydrangeas
H-P
Hypericum
Iris
Kangaroo Paws
Leather Leaves
Leucadendron Proteas
Liatris
Ligustrum
Lily Grass Bear Grass
Limoniums
Lisianthus
Ming Green
Mini Carnations
Million Star
Mokara Orchids
Mother's Day Flowers
New Baby Flowers
Nosegays
Oriental Lilies
Orchids
Peonies
Phalaenopsis Orchids
Phoenix Roebelenii
Pilea Microphylla
Pittosporum
Pittosporum Variegated
Pom Poms
R-W
Ranunculus
Roses
Rose Petals
Ruscus
Seeded Eucalyptus
Snapdragons
Specials
Spider Chrysanthemums
Spray Roses
Star of Bethlehem
Statice
Stock
St Patrick's Day Flowers
Subscription Flower Clubs
Summer Specials
Sunflowers
Sweetest Day
Sympathy Flowers
Thank You Flowers
Thanksgiving Cornucopias
Tinted Greens
Tropical Mix Flowers
Tulip Flowers
Valentine's Day
Viburnum
Weddings
Subscriptions
VIP Clubs
Roses
Flowers Every Month
Roses by Variety
Carnations
VIP Rose Club
VIP Flower Club
VIP Rose Variety Club
VIP Carnation Club
Gift Ideas
Anniversary
Birthday
Someone Special
Just Because
Weddings
Wedding Flowers
Wedding Roses
Garden Wedding Roses
Orchids
Wedding Other Flowers
Customer Creations
Help with DIY Wedding Flowers
Bridal Collection
Boutonnieres
Boutonnieres & Corsages
Bridal Bouquets
Bridesmaid Bouquets
Centerpieces for Weddings
Corsages
Nosegays
Wedding Reception Centerpieces with Containers
Package Offers
DIY Wedding Flowers
Ready, Set, Yes I Do Combos
Carnations
Regular Carnations
Mother's Day
Choose Your Exact Quantity
Mix and Match Your Choice
Assorted Color
Bi-Color
Burgundy Purple
Christmas
Green
Hot Pink
Novelty
Orange
Peppermint
Pink
Purple
Rainbow
Red
Valentine's Day
White
Yellow
Spray Carnations
Mother's Day Spray
Assorted Spray
Bi-Color Spray
Burgundy Spray
Christmas Spray
Hot Pink Spray
Novelty Spray
Orange Spray
Pink Spray
Purple Spray
Red Spray
Valentine's Day Spray
White Spray
Yellow Spray
Christmas Spray Carnations
Mother's Day Spray Carnations
Valentine's Day Spray Carnations
Carnation Subscription Club
Occasions
Special Someone
Anniversary
Birthday
Mother's Day
Business Gift
Father's Day
Graduation Flowers
Just Because
New Baby
Thank You
Valentine's Day
Special Moments
Christmas
Easter
Everyday
Fall Flowers
Fundraising Events
Get Well Flowers
Halloween Flowers
Mothers Day
Next Day Delivery
St. Patrick's Day
Summer Flowers
Sympathy Flowers
Thanksgiving Cornucopias
Thanksgiving Flowers
VIP Flower Clubs
Wedding Flowers
Bouquets
Bouquets for Occasions
Mother's Day Arrangements
Mother's Day Bouquets
Christmas Bouquets
Easter Bouquets
Fall Thanksgiving Bouquets
Halloween Flowers
Summer Bouquets
Thanksgiving Cornucopias
Valentine's Bouquets
Flower Bouquets by Price
Flower Bouquets $60 or Less
Flower Bouquets $70 or Less
Flower Bouquets $100 or Less
Arrangements with Vase
Bouquets
Delight Bouquets
European Bouquets
Extreme Delight Bouquets
Small European Bouquets
Top Secret Bouquets
Tropical Bouquets
Floral Supplies
Floral Supplies
Bouquet Collars
Bouquet Holders
Containers
Designer Shapes
Design Systems
Design Tools
Floral Pins
Floral Foam
Tapes & Adhesives
Vases
Wedding Miscellaneous
Wire & Wire Wraps
Wristlets
Greens, Fillers, & Combos
Combo Packs
DIY Wedding Flowers
Fillers Combo Pack
Mixed Green Combos
Leatherleaf Ferns
Novelty Combo Pack
Specialty Combo Pack
Tropical Mix
Colors
A - O
Assorted Flowers
Blue Flowers
Burgundy Flowers
Cream Flowers
Green Flowers
Hot-Pink Flowers
Ivory Flowers
Lavender Flowers
Multi-Color Flowers
Orange Flowers
P - Z
Pastel Flowers
Peach Flowers
Pink Flowers
Purple Flowers
Rainbow Flowers
Red Flowers
White Flowers
Yellow Flowers
Other
Mix & Match Your Choice Of Colors
Meaning Of Colors
Flower Care
Flower Videos
Reviews
Customer Creations
Customer Support
Customer Support
Contact Us
How To Order
FAQs and Policies
Flower Care
Flower Videos
Special Request
Shipping Policy
Reviews
Customer Creations
Help With DIY Wedding Flowers
Ask The Flowers Guy
Survey
Blog
Schedule an Appointment
Meaning of Colors
All You Need To Know
About Mother's Day Flowers
About Father's Day Flowers
About Roses
About Rose Petals
About White Flowers
Birthday Flowers
Get a 5% off coupon! Join our newsletter to receive amazing offers and coupons + Free Shipping!
My Newsletter
By
What type of content do you plan to share with your subscribers?
Enter your email address to subscribe. *
Subscribe
PRIVACY POLICY Effective 2017 GLOBALROSE.COMLLC, knows and respects the significance of maintaining the privacy of our customers, visitors and users, and has adapted this Privacy Policy. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to notify you of:
the personal information we may collect from you when you visit our Website, respond to our emails, place orders via mail or fax, use our mobile applications, place orders through social media or otherwise contact us via telephone, email, fax or mail (collectively, our "Services") why we gather information from you how we collect it how we use it the choices you have regarding our use of personal information you have provided.
Note: You must be 18 years or older and the age of majority in your place of residence to use, subscribe or register for www.globalrose.com Why do we gather information? The Service gathers personal information to help improve our products and customer service, to communicate with you, to process your orders, to provide an enhanced and more personalized shopping experience and to inform you, and your gift and message recipients, of special offers and discounts from us, our affiliated brands and selected third parties. What information do we gather? We collect information through our website, emails, mail, fax, telephone, mobile applications and social media including when you:
place an order, participate in our forums, surveys, contests, sweepstakes, promotions, content submissions, chats, bulletin boards, discussion groups, requests for suggestions, and membership registrations,
Depending on how you are interact with us, we collect some or all of the following types of information:
your name, address, telephone number, email address, user ID and contact information billing information (credit/debit card number, expiration date, alternate or additional billing information and billing address) gender and birth date, if you choose, or are otherwise required to, enter such information, interests products purchased and occasion type (for example,birthday.s) Message and gift recipients' names, addresses, telephone numbers and email addresses device information - information about your mobile device, including platform information and device location application information - application information, including which of your applications are used, how your applications are used and the duration of use of your application network information - network information, including IP address, network carrier and country code, browsing information, such as how you interact with the Services other and all information you provide to us
Information you provide to us may be collected by us even if an order, registration, or other process is started but not completed or otherwise cancelled. How we use "Cookies" and "Action Tags". A "cookie" is a small data file sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer. We use cookies to let us know that you are a prior customer, user or Member and to provide certain features to you. Most web browsers allow you to instruct the browser to prevent the use of cookies. However, if you disable this feature, certain aspects of the Services, such as the shopping basket, may not function properly. We have relationships with third parties who may receive non-personal information directly from the cookies placed by our Services on your computer to assist in analyzing our business and customers. Our Service may also use a common web technology "called "action tags" (also called single pixel gifs or web beacons) to anonymously track purchase, usage and other web activity information. Action tags may be used to provide data to third parties for tracking purposes. However, our Service does not use action tags to collect or transfer personal information. In addition, third parties may set their own cookies and tags through our Services (such as through interest-based advertising, described below). We do not control such third parties or their privacy practices. If you do not want third parties to be able to use such methods, you should modify your browser settings to limit such access. Interest-based advertising
Other Services Advertisements for our products and services may appear on third party websites around the Internet. Some websites and services deliver these advertisements based upon data that has been previously collected about your past behavior online. . This kind of targeted advertising is sometimes called interest-based or online behavioral advertising. It is generally not based upon your personal information (such as your name or email address), but rather, upon your online activities. We do not control such third party websites or services on which these advertisements appear. Further, we do not control how they collect and use data about your online activities. We collect data from you for use in interest-based advertising when you use our Services. Other companies may serve interest-based advertisements on our Services. We comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as administered by the Digital Advertising Alliance (www.aboutads.info). You may opt-out of being tracked online by certain companies who are listed at //www.aboutads.info/choices/ OR //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and may also learn more about online behavioral advertising at such websites. If you opt-out, you will still receive advertisements, but they will not be delivered to you by such companies from whom you have opted out based upon your behavioral data possessed by the companies from whom you have opted-out. This process relies upon an opt-out cookie, so if you delete your cookies or use a different computer, you will have to repeat this process. We do not respond to or honor "do not track" (a/k/a DNT) signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers. How we use the information we collect We use information we collect to communicate with you, to process your orders, to improve our products and services, to conduct research, to provide an enhanced and more personalized shopping experience, to inform you and your gift and message recipients of offers and discounts from globalrose.com and to enable you to receive credits for purchases under loyalty or buying programs which you have joined. In addition, we may make such information (except for credit/debit card numbers, expiration dates and CVV codes, unless you consent otherwise), including aggregated information, available to selected third parties including, but not limited to, those who share or rent information for direct marketing purposes. Without your consent, we do not make yours or your gift or message recipients' email addresses, available to any third parties. Please Note: Our Affiliates, subcontractors, and agents, and any successors or assignees to our business (if we ever sell, lease, license or assign some or all of our business), are not considered to be third parties under this Privacy Policy. We may use your information to match it with other public and private data sources in order to enhance our records, such as appending addition information to your profile, or the records of our business partners. We reserve the right to disclose information you provide to us as required by law, in response to legal process and law enforcement requests and as necessary or appropriate, in our view, to operate the Services, process orders or registrations, to conduct promotions, contests, and sweepstakes you participate in, and to protect the rights or property of the Company, its Affiliates, users, customers, recipients, Members, Sponsors, Providers, Licensors, Merchants and Associates. Please note that any personal information you reveal or post on one our public forums such as a message board, chat room, discussion group, folder, survey, contest, sweepstakes, user review and rate forum, and all User Submissions, are not protected by this Privacy Policy and may be collected, shared and used by us and with third parties, including to contact you. Information you give out or post on our public forums you disclose at your own risk. Consent to Transfer and Submission Our Service is operated in the United States and Canada. If you are located outside the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to and stored in the United States or Canada. By using the Services or otherwise providing us with information, you hereby consent to this transfer. Although personal information collected by us through the our Services will be used by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy, laws generally applicable to the protection of personal data in the U.S. may not be as stringent as those in other countries. Security and Passwords If you place an order on our website, it encrypts the credit/debit card number you submit prior to transmission over the Internet using secure socket layer (SSL) encryption technology. This technology works best when the website is viewed using Microsoft IE®, Google Chrome®, Mozilla Firefox®, and Apple Safari® browsers. However, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Although we make reasonable efforts to safeguard personal information once we receive it, we cannot warrant the security of information we receive. Portions of the Service may require registration and log-in processes in which you will select a user ID and password . Passwords provided to you by us are the confidential property of the Company and may be used by you solely for your individual use of the Service (and otherwise as specified by us). You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any Password and for all activities that occur using your Password, whether or not authorized by you. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your Password or accounts. How to Limit the Use of Personal Information We want to communicate with you only to the extent you want to hear from us. If you have any questions and or suggestions please:
E-mail us at info@globalrose.com or write us at
Globalrose.com
7225 NW 25 St
Suite 217
Miami Fl 33122 Corrections to your Data If you would like to update or correct information previously provided to us, please send an e-mail with your new information, including your complete name, postal address, and email us info@globalrose.com Members can modify and update their membership information (including name, mailing address, birth date, telephone number and email address) by accessing the password-protected "Update Membership" page. Your Consent and Changes to this Policy Subject to the above provisions, by using our website, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use, of which this policy is a part. We may change our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use from time to time as new features or services are added, suggestions from our customers are incorporated or other changes are made. We will also post changes on this page, and will endeavor to post any material changes on our website at least 30 days prior to their effective date - unless we believe changes must take effect sooner to comply with law or to protect the Company or our customers, users, Members, recipients, Sponsors, Providers, Licensors, Merchants, Associates and Affiliates, in which case the changes will be effective upon posting or as otherwise specified. The date on which the current Privacy Policy and overall Terms of Use took effect is listed at the top of the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use (see "Last Updated" at the top of each). By using the Services, after such changes take effect, you agree to be legally bound and to abide by the revised Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, of which this policy is a part. Enjoy the Flowers!
We respect your privacy. Therefore we never share or sell your personal information with any third parties. Any information collected through this site is intended to be used for this transaction only. Your personal information is secured via SSL (Secure Socket Layer) Technology.
Join Our Newsletter
Receive the latest news on new promotions, exclusive offers, and new arrivals.
Form HeadingEmail*Lists*Active Targets
Instagram Facebook Twitter YouTube Pinterest
Copyright © 2020 Global Rose.