https://globalsilicones.org/privacy-policy/
Search
Search
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
This website is owned by the Global Silicones Council (“GSC”). This online Privacy Policy describes the information that GSC collects at this website, and how we use, share, and store the information collected. Your use of this website constitutes your agreement with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use this website. Your use of this website is also subject to, and is made a part of, the website Terms and Conditions.
Please note that when you visit this website, any information you provide will be transferred to the United States, where the website server is located. By visiting this website, you consent to the collection, processing, transfer, and storage of such data in the United States.
INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY
As a general matter, each time a visitor uses this website, the website hosting company’s server collects basic technical information automatically, such as the visitor’s IP address, browser type, referring website, and access times. GSC tracks and aggregates visitor activity to understand and analyze trends, administer the site, and gather demographic information about our users as a whole.
PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED VOLUNTARILY
GSC may collect personally identifiable information voluntarily provided by you, such as your first name, last name, mailing address, e-mail address, or telephone number (“PII”), in connection with your use of this website. The information collected depends on the features offered. Your participation in these features and your sharing of your personal information with GSC constitutes your agreement to such sharing.
USE AND SHARING OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
GSC collects PII about visitors to facilitate use of this website and respond to questions, comments, and requests. Any information collected at this website may be shared with GSC’s technical agents, service providers, and members to fulfill your requests, provide you with information and updates relating to GSC, and maintain and improve the website and offerings. We do not share PII with third parties for their marketing purposes without your consent.
GSC may use one or more web analytics services to provide it with information about user activities on this website, such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information obtained through analytics services to administer and improve this site, and we do not combine the information collected through analytics service with PII. When you visit our website, these services may set “cookies” on our behalf and receive information about your browsing activity. See the description of cookies below for more information. Click here for a list of our service providers and their privacy practices.
GSC will not otherwise disclose your PII without your consent except (i) to safeguard the website, intellectual property, users, or the rights of third parties, (ii) to investigate violations of the website Terms and Conditions, (iii) as required by law or in response to a court order or legal request, or (iv) in connection with a merger, acquisition or transfer of assets of GSC.
COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
Some of the pages on this website use “cookies,” which are identifiers that a website places on your computer’s hard drive to facilitate the interaction between your computer and the website. GSC and our third party service providers (including analytics providers) may place cookies on your hard drive or use other technologies, such as tags and clear GIFS, sometimes called web beacons, on web pages to facilitate site navigation, perform analytics, personalize your experience, receive information about your browsing activity, and remember your information when you use this website. Information collected through cookies and other technologies may include your IP address, browsing activity, and search engine referrals. Most web browsers allow you to set preferences about cookies you wish to accept. Consult your own browser settings and follow the instructions to control cookies on your device. Please note that if you remove or block cookies, you may not be able to use or access certain features of this website.
SECURITY
GSC uses reasonable measures to ensure that PII received from online visitors is protected from unauthorized access and use. Users are warned, however, that the Internet is not a secure medium, any information that you provide may be subject to interception, and you provide such information at your own risk.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
GSC reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without notice; provided, however, that we will not retroactively change how we share your personal information without your consent. Please check back periodically for any changes we may make to this privacy policy, as your continued use of this website following the posting of any changes means that you accept such changes.
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTManage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.