http://gohighyield.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Terms of Use
Last
updated: November 21, 2019
High Yield
Management, Inc. is pleased to provide you its site where these terms are
posted, and the software, applications, content, products, and services
accessible from the site (“Services”).
These terms govern your use and our provision of the Services.  Please read these terms carefully before
using the Services.
ANY
DISPUTE BETWEEN YOU AND US MUST BE RESOLVED BY INDIVIDUAL BINDING
ARBITRATION.  PLEASE READ THE ARBITRATION
PROVISION IN THESE TERMS AS IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THIS CONTRACT.
Contract
This is a
contract between you and High Yield Management, Inc..  If you are using the Services on behalf of a
business or other entity, then “you” refers also to the business or entity for
which you are acting and which is also bound by this contract.
You must
read and agree to these terms before using the Services, regardless of whether
you are a registered member of the Services.
If you do not agree, you may not use the Services.  These terms describe the limited basis on
which the Services are available and supersede prior agreements or
arrangements.
Supplemental
terms and conditions may apply to some Services, or to other agreements that
you may have with us, such as investment or borrowing agreements.  Supplemental terms and conditions will be
disclosed to you in connection with those other activities or
relationships.  Any supplemental terms
and conditions are in addition to these terms and, in the event of a conflict,
prevail over these terms.
We may
amend these terms from time to time.  If
we do this, we will post the changed terms in the Services and will indicate at
the top of this page the date the terms were last revised.  Any amendment will be effective when
posted.  If you do not agree to any
change in these terms, you may not continue using the Services.
We may immediately
terminate this contract with respect to you (including your access to the
Services or any portion of the Services) if you fail to comply with any
provision of these terms, if you violate any other agreement between you and
us, or for any other reason, at any time in our sole discretion, with or
without notice.
Who Is Eligible
You may
use the Services only if you are a natural person aged 18 or older, or a
business or other entity in good standing in each jurisdiction in which you are
registered to conduct business.
If you are
using the Services on behalf of a business or other entity, you represent and
warrant that you are authorized to do so by the business or other entity, that
you have the power and authority to enter into binding agreements on behalf of
the business or entity or in the capacity in which you are acting, and that the
business or entity is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which it is
registered to conduct business.
Proprietary Rights in Services; Limited License
All content
included in the Services is our copyrighted property, and all trademarks,
service marks, trade names and other intellectual property rights in the
Services are owned by us.  No element of
the Services may be used or exploited in any way other than as part of the
Services.  We retain full ownership of
the Services.
If a
Service is configured to enable you to use content we own, we grant you a
limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license to access
and use such content for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided that
you keep all copyright and other proprietary notices intact.
No content
included in the Services may be modified, copied, distributed, framed,
reproduced, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted, transmitted, or sold in
any form or by any means, in whole or in part, except as provided in the
preceding sentence. No other license is granted or implied by these terms.
You may
not:
use
any automated means to access the Services or collect any information from the
Services (including, without limitation, robots, spiders, scripts or other
automatic devices or programs);frame
the Services, utilize framing techniques to enclose any content or other
proprietary information, place pop-up windows over the Services, or otherwise
affect the display of the Services;engage
in the practices of “screen scraping,” “database scraping” or any other
activity with the purpose of obtaining content or other information;use
the Services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair
the Services or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the
Services; oruse,
copy, or imitate our trademarks or trade dress, including as part of trademarks
or domain names, in connection with any product or service in any manner that
is likely to cause confusion.
You
acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas,
feedback or other information about the Services (“Submissions”),
provided by you to us are non-confidential and shall become our sole property.
We shall own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, and
shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these
Submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or
compensation to you.
Any use of
the Services that is not specifically authorized in these terms is strictly
prohibited and will terminate the license.
We may revoke this license at any time without notice and with or
without cause.
Your Registration Data
You agree
to:
provide
accurate, current and complete information about you as may be prompted by the
Services or that we may otherwise request, for example, to establish or verify
your identity or authority to enter into binding agreements, or to establish or
verify an entity’s legal existence, good standing in any jurisdiction and
eligibility to use the Services (“Registration Data”);maintain
the security of your password and identification;maintain
and promptly update the Registration Data, and any other information you
provide to us, to keep it accurate, current and complete;promptly
notify us regarding any material changes to information or circumstances that
could affect your eligibility to continue to use the Services or the terms on
which you use the Services; andbe
fully responsible for all use of your account and for any actions that take
place using your account.
Limitations on Your Use of Services
You agree
not to use the Services to:
register
for more than one user account, register for a user account on behalf of an
individual other than yourself, operate a user account on behalf of or for the
benefit of any person who is not eligible to register for or operate a user
account in their own name;conduct
activities that are prohibited by law or regulation (including United States
export control and economic sanctions laws), that you are not duly authorized
to conduct, or that are prohibited by any other agreement between us;violate
or infringe upon the rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark,
privacy, publicity or other personal or proprietary rights; or transmit
libelous, defamatory or otherwise unlawful material;impersonate
any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent yourself, your
age or your affiliation with or authority to act on behalf of any person or
entity; oruse
or attempt to use another’s account, service or system without authorization
from that person and us, or create a false identity on the Services.
Consent to Electronic Transactions and Disclosures
Some users
of the Services will have other business relationships with us, for example, as
our prospective or active investors or borrowers.  We expect to transact business electronically
with users of the Services.  You agree to
receive electronically all documents, communications, notices, contracts, and
other materials arising from or relating to your use of the Services, including
any investment or borrowing agreements, IRS forms, account information, or
disclosures (“Communications”). IRS forms include, for example, IRS Form
1099 and other forms, schedules, or information statements, and corrections of
such documents, required to be provided pursuant to U.S. Internal Revenue
Service rules and regulations and that may be provided electronically.  These terms set forth our agreement with you
regarding Communications.
Scope
of Consent. Your
consent to receive Communications and transact business electronically, and our
agreement to do so, applies to any transactions to which such Communications
relate. Your consent will remain in effect for so long as you are a user of the
Services or are transacting business with us as an investor or borrower, and
will continue until all Communications relating to transactions that occurred
while you were a user have been made.
Electronic
Communications.
Any Communications will be provided to you electronically through our Services
or via electronic mail to the email address you provided. If you require paper
copies of such Communications, you may write to us at the mailing address
provided below and a paper copy will be sent to you at a cost of up to
$5.00.  A request for a paper copy of any
Communications will not be considered a withdrawal of your consent to receive
Communications electronically. Any IRS forms provided electronically will
remain accessible through at least October 15 of the year in which such IRS
form is made available; after that time the IRS form may no longer be
accessible electronically. We may discontinue electronic provision of
Communications at any time in our sole discretion. You will print or otherwise
save a copy of these terms and you will print or otherwise save all
Communications.
Hardware
and Software Requirements.
In order to access and retain Communications electronically, you must satisfy the
following computer hardware and software requirements: access to the Internet;
an email account and related software capable of receiving email through the
Internet with email attachments of at least 10 megabytes; supported Web
browsing software (Chrome version 32.0 or higher, Firefox version 26.0 or
higher, Internet Explorer version 8.0 or higher, or Safari version 7.0 or
higher); and hardware capable of running this software.
TCPA
Consent. You
consent to receiving calls and messages, including auto-dialed and pre-recorded
message calls, and SMS messages (including text messages) from us, our
affiliates, agents and others calling at their request or on their behalf, at
any telephone numbers that you have provided or may provide in the future
(including any cellular telephone numbers). Your cellular or mobile telephone
provider will charge you according to the type of plan you carry.
Additional
Mobile Technology Requirements.
If you are accessing the Services and the Communications electronically via a
mobile device (such as a smart phone or tablet), in addition to the above
requirements you must make sure that you have software on your mobile device
that allows you to print or otherwise save the Communications presented to you.
These applications can be found for most mobile devices in the device’s
respective “app store.” If you do not have these capabilities on your mobile
device, please access the Services through a device that provides these
capabilities.
How to
Contact Us regarding Electronic Communications. You can contact us via email at info@gohighyield.com. You may also reach us in writing
to us at the following address: 100 Harbor Drive, Suite 3206, San Diego, CA
92101.
Ensure
Your Contact Information is Current.  You will keep us informed of any change in
your email, mailing address, or telephone number so that you can continue to
receive all Communications in a timely fashion. If your contact information
changes, you must notify us of the change by sending an email to info@gohighyield.com.
Securities Matters
The
Services include access to information regarding securities we are proposing to
offer for sale, including one or more Private Placement Memorandums (“PPM(s)”).
Information
contained in a PPM is subject to completion or amendment.  A PPM shall not constitute an offer to sell or
the solicitation of an offer to buy nor may there be any sales of these
securities in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be
unlawful before registration or qualification under the laws of any such state.
Any
written communication regarding solicitations of interest in a contemplated
offering will include a means by which you may indicate to us that you are
interested in a potential offering. We may require your name, address,
telephone number, and/or email address in any response form included pursuant
to this paragraph.
If
solicitation of interest materials are used and such solicitation of interest
materials contain information that is inaccurate or inadequate in any material
respect, revised solicitation of interest materials will be redistributed in a
substantially similar manner as such materials were originally distributed.
Investing
in our securities involves a high degree of risk, including risks associated
with income tax, use of proceeds and conflicts of interest. Before buying any
securities, you should carefully read the discussion of material risks of
investing in the securities in the “Risk Factors” section of a PPM.
THE UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION DOES NOT PASS UPON THE MERITS OF OR
GIVE ITS APPROVAL TO ANY SECURITIES OFFERED OR THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, NOR
DOES IT PASS UPON THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY PPM OR OTHER SOLICITATION
MATERIALS. THESE SECURITIES ARE OFFERED PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM
REGISTRATION WITH THE COMMISSION; HOWEVER, THE COMMISSION HAS NOT MADE AN
INDEPENDENT DETERMINATION THAT THE SECURITIES OFFERED ARE EXEMPT FROM
REGISTRATION.
Some of
the content included in the Services summarizes information regarding the
contemplated securities offering.  Such
summaries do not contain all of the information you should consider before
deciding whether to purchase our securities. The summaries are subject to, and
qualified in its entirety by reference to, the detailed provisions of the
applicable PPM, and the other agreements associated with this offering. You
should carefully read the entire applicable PPM, including the information
under the heading “Risk Factors.”
We
prepared the content included in the Services without reference to any
particular user’s investment requirements or financial situation. Potential
investors are urged to consult with professional tax, legal and financial
advisors before making any investment.
Privacy
Please
review our Privacy Policy. By using the Services, you are consenting to have
your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. We may
listen to or record phone calls between you and our representatives without
notice to you as permitted by applicable law. For example, we may listen to and
record calls for quality monitoring purposes.
Disclaimers
We cannot
guarantee and do not promise any specific results from use of the Services.
The
Services include links, or you may be sent through the Services, to other web
sites (“Third Party Sites”), as well as articles, photographs, text,
graphics, pictures, designs, music, sound, video, information, software and
other content belonging to or originating from third parties (the “Third Party
Content”). Such Third Party Sites and Third Party Content are not
investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy, appropriateness, or
completeness by us, and we are not responsible for any Third Party Sites or
Third Party Content accessed through the Services. Inclusion of or linking to
any Third Party Site or any Third Party Content does not imply approval or
endorsement thereof by us. If you decide to access the Third Party Sites, you
do so at your own risk and you should be aware that our terms no longer govern.
You should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data
gathering practices, of any site to which you may navigate from the Services.
The
Services may be temporarily unavailable from time to time for maintenance or other
reasons. We assume no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption,
deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line
failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, your
communications. We are not responsible for any problems or technical
malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers
or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of email or players on
account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or on the
Services or combination thereof, including injury or damage to users or to any
other person’s computer related to or resulting from participating or
downloading materials in connection with the Services. Under no circumstances
will we be responsible for any loss or damage, financial damages or lost
profits, loss of business, or personal injury or death, resulting from anyone’s
use of the Services or Third Party Content posted through the Services or
transmitted to users, or any interactions between users of the Services,
whether online or offline.
We reserve
the right to change any and all content contained in the Services at any time
without notice. Reference to any products, services, processes or other
information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does
not constitute or imply our endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof,
or any affiliation therewith.
Limitation on Liability
EXCEPT IN
JURISDICTIONS WHERE SUCH PROVISIONS ARE RESTRICTED, IN NO EVENT WILL WE OR OUR
MEMBERS, MANAGERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR
ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE
DAMAGES, INCLUDING FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF
THE SERVICES OR ANY OF THE CONTENT INCLUDED IN THE SERVICES, EVEN IF WE ARE
AWARE OR HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
TO THE
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW OUR LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE
WHATSOEVER, AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE
LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO US FOR THE SERVICES DURING THE
TERM OF MEMBERSHIP. IN NO CASE WILL OUR LIABILITY TO YOU EXCEED $1000. YOU
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT IF NO FEES ARE PAID TO US FOR THE SERVICES, YOU SHALL BE
LIMITED TO INJUNCTIVE RELIEF ONLY, UNLESS OTHERWISE PERMITTED BY LAW, AND SHALL
NOT BE ENTITLED TO DAMAGES OF ANY KIND FROM US, REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF
ACTION.
SECTION 14
OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, SECTION 29(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934, AND CERTAIN OTHER FEDERAL AND STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR
LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES OR LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE
LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS OR
LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
Indemnity
You agree
to indemnify and hold us, our subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of their
members, managers, directors, officers, agents, contractors, partners and
employees, harmless from and against any loss, liability, claim, demand,
damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney’s fees, arising out
of or in connection with your use of the Services, your conduct in connection
with the Services, or any violation of these terms or of any law or the rights
of any third party. The previous sentence shall not apply to any extent to
users while acting as an investor or while registering as an investor in
connection with their use of the Services.
Governing Law; Venue and Jurisdiction; Arbitration
By
visiting or using the Services, you agree that the laws of the State of California,
without regard to any principles of conflict of laws that would require or
permit the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction, will govern these
terms. By agreeing to the terms and using the Services, you agree to submit to
personal jurisdiction in California for all purposes, and you agree to waive,
to the maximum extent permitted by law, any right to a trial by jury for any
matter. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by you and us, any dispute arising
out of or relating to the terms, or any breach thereof, shall be finally
resolved by binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration
Association under its Commercial Arbitration Rules, or such arbitration body as
required by law, rule or regulation, and final judgment upon the award rendered
by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. The
arbitration will be conducted in the English language before a single
arbitrator in California Such arbitration must be commenced within one year
after the claim or cause of action arises.
Notwithstanding
the foregoing, either we or you may apply to any court of competent
jurisdiction for injunctive relief without breach of this arbitration provision.
Other
Any
failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these terms shall not
constitute a waiver of such right or provision in that or any other instance.
If any provision of these terms is held invalid, the remainder of these terms
shall continue in full force and effect. If any provision of these terms shall
be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision
shall be deemed severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity
and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
The provisions of these terms which by their nature should survive the
termination of these terms shall survive such termination.