http://gohighyield.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: November 21, 2019
High Yield Management, Inc., is committed to treating your personal information with care and respect.  This privacy policy is designed to provide transparency into our privacy practices, describes the personal information that we ask you to provide in order to participate in the services we offer, and describes how we treat this personal information.
Who We Are and What We Do
We are in
the business of lending funds for commercial purposes to real estate investors
to finance the ownership, entitlement, development, or rehabilitation of real
estate or for real estate-related purposes throughout the United States.  As part of our business, we operate a
website, located at www.gohighyield.com (the “Site”).  The Site provides information about our
business, including investment or borrowing opportunities, and provides tools
for our investors or borrowers to log into their borrower or investor portal to
check their account balances, make payments, make investment elections, receive
communications or disclosures from us, and otherwise manage their
accounts.  We interact with people and
business entities, such as potential and active investors and borrowers,
through the Site and through other means.
If you are interacting with us on behalf of a business or other entity, then “you” refers also to the business or entity for which you are acting.
Types of Information We Collect
We collect
two basic types of information – personal information and anonymous information
– and we may use personal and anonymous information to create a third type of
information, aggregate information.
“Personal
information” means information that identifies (whether directly or
indirectly) a particular individual, such as the individual’s name, postal
address, email address and telephone number. When anonymous information is
directly or indirectly associated with personal information, this anonymous
information also is treated as personal information.
“Anonymous
information” means information that does not directly or indirectly
identify, and cannot reasonably be used to identify, a particular individual.
“Aggregate
information” means information about groups or categories of individuals,
which does not identify and cannot reasonably be used to identify a particular
individual.
We collect
the following categories of information:
Registration information you provide when you create an account, including your first name and surname, country of residence, date of birth, email address, phone number, username and password.Transaction information you provide when you request information from us or enter into agreements or other transactions with us, whether on our Site or otherwise, including your postal address, telephone number, payment information, identity information, and financial information.Location information when you visit our Site, including location information either provided by a mobile device interacting with one of our sites or applications (including through beacon technologies), or associated with your IP address, where we are permitted by law to process this information.Usage, viewing and technical data, including your device identifier or IP address, when you visit our Site or open emails we send.
How We Collect Your Information
We collect
information you provide to us when you request information or services from us,
register with us, or otherwise interact with us.
We collect
information through technology, such as cookies and web beacons, including when
you visit our sites and applications or use our applications on third-party
sites or platforms.
We acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically. Local law may require that you authorize the third party to share your information with us before we can acquire it.
How We May Use Your Information
We may
obtain personal information from you so we can provide you with information or
the services you request.  We may use
personal information:
to
respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests;to
inform you about important information regarding the Site, products or services
for which you apply or may be interested in applying for, or in which you are
already enrolled, changes to terms, conditions, and policies and/or other
administrative information;to
deliver required notices to you and otherwise communicate with you about your
account and transactions with us;to
process payments to you or to perform or enforce any agreements we may have
with you;to
optimize or improve our products, services, and operations;to
personalize your experience on the Site;to
allow you to apply for products or services (for example, to apply for a loan
or apply to invest in one of our securities), and evaluate your eligibility for
such products or services;to
verify your identity and/or location (or the identity or location of your
representative or agent) in order to allow access to your accounts, conduct
online transactions and to maintain measures aimed at preventing fraud and
protecting the security of account and personal information;to
allow you to participate in surveys and other forms of market research, and to
administer these activities. Some of these activities have additional rules,
which may contain additional information about how personal information is used
and shared;to
assist in verifying your identity and account status;for
business purposes, including data analysis, audits, developing and improving
products and services, enhancing the Site, identifying usage trends and
determining the effectiveness of promotional campaigns;to
send you news, bulletins, marketing materials, or other materials for
informational purposes, such as notices of investment opportunities via our
Site or updates concerning investments that you have participated in, and other
information that is not required to be delivered to you under applicable law (“Informal
Information”). Informal Information may take a range of forms, including
email, newsletters, or automatic notices generated by our Site.  You will receive Informal Information only
from us, not from third parties, and you are entitled to opt-out from receiving
Informal Information;for
risk control; for fraud detection and prevention; to comply with laws and
regulations; to detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate
our policies or be illegal; and to comply with other legal process and law
enforcement requirements; orto
allow you to utilize features within our Site.
Sharing Your Information with Others
We will
not share your personal information with others except in limited
circumstances, including:
We may
employ other companies to perform functions on our behalf, such as maintaining
the Site, providing services related to the Site, collecting information,
responding to and sending email or other correspondence, or other functions
that support our business. We may need to share your personal information with
these companies.  We will share only the
personal information necessary for them to perform their functions, and we
require them not to use your personal information for purposes other than those
requested by us or required by law.
We may
share personal information with third parties in connection with the sale of a
business, to enforce our Terms of Use or rules, to enforce our agreements or
other legal rights, to protect our rights and property and the rights and
property of the people we do business with, to comply with legal process or in
other cases if we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by law.
We may
share personal information with our affiliates, which are other entities that
control, are controlled by, or are under common control with us, whether the
control results from equity ownership, contract, overlapping management or
otherwise.  This privacy policy applies
to our affiliates.
Your Controls and Choices
We provide
you the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our
collection, use, and sharing of your personal information.
You may
correct and update personal information.
Applicable law and other agreements you may have with us may require you
to correct and update certain personal information, and we ask you to keep your
information current.
You may
choose whether to receive Informal Information from us, or whether to
participate in surveys and/or questionnaires.
You may
request access to the personal information we hold about you, and that we amend
or delete it.  Please be aware that if
you do not allow us to collect or retain your personal information, we may not
be able to provide you with our services or transact business with you.  If you request, we will take reasonable steps
to delete your personal information, but please note:
we may be
unable to delete this information completely, due to IRS and other legal and
contractual requirements applicable to our business, and data backups and
records of deletions;
we are
unable to delete personal information that is needed to perform and enforce any
agreements we may have with you such as borrowing or investment agreements;
if you
request deletion of your information, you will be unable to use certain
features of the Site and any associated services; and
certain
personal information may remain in our databases following the deletion of your
account.
How We Safeguard Your Personal Information
The
security, integrity and confidentiality of your information are extremely
important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative and physical
security measures that are designed to protect your information from
unauthorized access, disclosure, use and modification. From time to time, we
review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and
methods. Please be aware though that, despite our best efforts, no security
measures are perfect or impenetrable. We will retain your personal information
for the length of time needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy
policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
If we
detect unauthorized access, disclosure, use, or modification of personal
information, despite these security measures, we will use commercially
reasonable efforts to notify affected users in a timely manner if the
information at issue is sensitive, in our discretion, using available contact
information and using a means of communication we deem most efficient under the
circumstances. To the extent applicable law requires steps in addition to those
specified above, we will comply with applicable law.
Anonymous, Aggregate Information
We use
anonymous information to analyze the effectiveness of our Site, in the
operation of the Site, and to optimize or improve our products, services, and
operations. In addition, from time to time, we may use anonymous information to
undertake or commission statistical and other summary analyses of the general
behavior and characteristics of users participating in our services and the
characteristics of visitors at our Site, and may share anonymous information
with third parties. We may collect anonymous information through features of
the software that supports our Services, through cookies, and through other
means described below.
IP
Addresses; Logs. We may automatically receive and record anonymous information
in our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, your
computer’s name, the type and version of your operating system and web browser,
the presence of other software such as software that may be required to use our
Site, and referrer addresses. We may also record page views (hit counts) and
other general statistical and tracking information, which may be aggregated
with that of other users in order to understand how our Site is being used, and
for security and monitoring purposes.
Cookies. A
cookie is a small amount of data, often including an anonymous unique
identifier, which is sent to your browser from a website’s computers and stored
on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies can be used to provide you with a
tailored user experience and to make it easier for you to use a website upon a
future visit. We may include cookies on our Site and use them to recognize you
when you return to our Site. You may set your browser so that it does not
accept cookies. If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use
certain portions of our Site.
Tags. We
may use so-called “pixel tags” — small graphic images (also known as “web
beacons” or “single-pixel GIFS”) — to tell us what parts of our Site have been
visited or to measure the effectiveness of searches customers perform on our
Site. Pixel tags also enable us to send email messages in a format customers
can read, and they can inform us whether emails have been opened, to help
ensure that our messages are of interest to our users. Pixel tags may collect
personal information and anonymous information.
Any personal information will be treated as described above.
Children’s Privacy
You must
be at least 18 years old to use our Site and services.  We do not allow individuals who we know are
under 18 to use our Site or services.  We
do not knowingly collect personal information from children.
Changes to This Policy
From time
to time, we may change this privacy policy to accommodate new technologies,
industry practices, regulatory requirements or for other purposes. We will
provide notice to you if these changes are material and, where required by
applicable law, we will obtain your consent.
Further Resources
If you
wish further information concerning privacy policies in general, and concerning
online privacy and security, you should visit the following site: http://www.ftc.gov/privacy/index.html.
Notice of Privacy Rights to California Residents
If you are
a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to
request information regarding our disclosure of your personal information to
third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make such a
request, please send an email to info@gohighyield.com or write us: 100 Harbor Drive,
Suite 3206, San Diego, CA 92101
Pursuant
to California Civil Code Section 1798.83(c)(2), we do not share your personal
information with our affiliates or others for those parties’ direct marketing
use unless you elect that we do so.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, please send an email to info@gohighyield.com or write us: 100 Harbor Drive, Suite 3206, San Diego, CA 92101