https://gointuition.com/policies/
My AccountCheckoutCartHomeAboutAnne SalisburyGreg MeyerhoffAll That Is ChannelingsFAQs & Definitions of IntuitionMedia KitResources & LinksPoliciesSessionsSession FormGreat LifeBusiness SeminarsTalksEventsPhotos of Experts & EventsShopSessionsGreat Life EmpowermentEventsBooksIntuitive Skills CoursesMake a PaymentTestimonialsBlogFreeContactGo Intuition, Inc. offers intuitive consulting, seminars and speeches. Transpersonal Hypnotherapy Institute is a licensed vocational school. Lively Spirit publishes intuition products.Go Intuition, Inc. was formerly Intuitive Advantage, Inc. and Salisbury Meyerhoff, Inc. These GI (Go Intuition, Inc.), THI (Transpersonal Hypnotherapy Institute, Inc.), LS (Lively Spirit, Inc.) Policies are deemed an attachment to all Forms. “GI” below refers to them collectively.  Your payment or signature on any GI form signifies that you read, understand and agree to the GI Policies.Credit Card StatementsYour credit card statements may show Salisbury Meyerhoff, Inc. (SMI) for Go Intuition, Inc., Transpersonal Hypnotherapy Institute, Inc. and Lively Spirit, Inc. products and services.Privacy PolicyClick here to read our Privacy Policy.Events PoliciesFor events and personal sessions at out of town events, you may register and pay by clicking from our Current Events Page to our Event Registration Form. If you need to change or cancel please give us 48 hours notice. No refunds are given after that time.Appointment PoliciesFeesFees are listed on the Appointment Form. You may pay by cash, check, money order, PayPal or credit card (Visa, MasterCard or American Express). In-person appointment fees are due at the beginning of the session. By-phone appointment fees are due in the office before the session. You may mail your check or phone, fax or pay us on line at our website with your credit card. We have the right to hold your credit card for security. A $20 fee is assessed on all returned checks. If our fees change, we will discuss this with you in advance.AppointmentsOffice hours are 9 A.M. to 5 P.M. (Mountain Time) Monday – Friday excluding holidays. We return calls as soon as possible.In person sessions are limited – most sessions are given by phone.It is up to you to arrive or call at your scheduled appointment time. If you need to change an appointment please give us 24 hours notice, otherwise you will be charged for that session. No refunds are given after that time.Packages of sessions (usually 4 1-hour sessions) may be available at a discount when purchased in advance. If you have to cancel a package, your sessions revert to the hourly rate. Unused package sessions expire in 6 months.Call us with your questions about your session. Included with every session is an optional 5-minute follow up call to answer your questions. It is your responsibility to make your session complete and productive.Please know that it may take time for your session to integrate. “Stuff” can come up that is simply being released. You can facilitate the process by taking good care of yourself with food, water, rest, exercise, laughter and time in nature.We have the right to refuse service to anyone.Clients’ RightsThese rights are granted to you by the Colorado Department of Regulatory Agencies (DORA), Mental Health Section 1560 Broadway, Suite 1370, Denver, CO 80202 (303-894-7766):You are free to ask questions you may have about our methods, the number of sessions (if we can determine that), our credentials and the fee structure.You may ask for a second opinion or terminate at any time.In a professional relationship such as this, sexual intimacy is inappropriate, and should be reported to the DORA.Sessions are not legally confidential, and we may be forced to disclose information without your consent, such as in the circumstances of physical danger to yourself or others or the physical abuse of a child or elderly person.If it is necessary for us to gather information from other professionals, e.g., your physician, we will discuss this with you. If you agree, you will be asked to sign a release of information authorization.Client AgreementI understand that my sessions are for the purpose of learning and that my progress comes from my participation. I understand that if I am currently under medical or psychological care, it is in my best interest to contact my medical doctor and/or psychological practitioner and inform them of my choice to use these sessions. I understand sessions are to enable me to better understand myself, my relationships with other people and my environment. The consultant will make observations and suggestions to me, supply information, teach introspection and communication skills and offer coaching on how to accomplish my personal and/or professional objectives. The consultant cannot and will not predict outcomes or make decisions for me. I assume full responsibility for my actions and inactions which relate to any sessions.Client ReleaseI freely and voluntarily consent to undergoing sessions conducted by a GI staff member (“consultant”). I understand there are certain risks associated with these sessions, including but not limited to the following which I acknowledge the consultant hereby fully discloses: 1) sessions may bring to the conscious mind information and memories from the subconscious which may cause anxiety or strong feelings; 2) sessions may not be appropriate for those who have mental health disorders or are under the care of a mental health professional. I accept any and all risks for any adverse reaction I may have. I forever release Go Intuition, Inc., Anne Salisbury, Greg Meyerhoff and any of their directors, officers, shareholders, employees, agents, sponsors, contractors, successors or assigns (collectively referred to as “GI”) from any and all claims for liability and damages of any kind whatsoever which I may at any time have, including without limitation personal injury, emotional distress and negligence (excluding only willful misconduct). I expressly waive all claims for indirect, consequential or exemplary damages. In no event shall I be entitled to recover more than the aggregate amount paid by me to GI. I will indemnify and hold GI harmless for any damages, including attorneys’ fees, arising from my breach of the terms of this release. I have read and understand the contents of this release, I am 18 years of age or older and I execute this release of my own free will and without undue influence. I agree that the laws of the State of Colorado will govern my relationship with GI.Endorsement ReleaseIn an endorsement, I give a true representation of my experience. With my signature on an endorsement, I freely give Go Intuition, Inc., Anne Salisbury and Greg Meyerhoff the right to edit, publish and reproduce my endorsements and written comments, in whole or in part, without compensation, which includes my name, city, state and occupation for any commercial use. Without my signature, my endorsements and written comments may be edited, published and reproduced without my name._________________________________________________Products Policies“THI” (Transpersonal Hypnotherapy Institute, Inc.) refers to GI, THI, LS, SMI collectively. If you would like to take courses for credit, see the THI School Policies at TranspersonalInstitute.com: those are hereby deemed an attachment by reference.Tuition, Prices & ShippingAfter reviewing and approving your application and order, and after checks and credit cards have cleared, THI will give you access to online materials and products and mail you hard-copy materials.US Shipping:To locations within the US, items are usually shipped through USPO mail and generally take 7-10 business days for delivery.International Shipping: US shipping is charged at check-out. We will then email you the exact additional shipping due for your international location. When you get this email, go to the Make a Payment button and enter that amount. (Items are usually insured at approximately 1/4 of tuition for customs purposes. Foreign duties and taxes are paid by the recipient.) Items are shipped through USPO or FedEx, as available, and generally take 7-10 business days to reach customs.Expedited Shipping:Faster delivery is available upon request at additional applicable fees.Product DisclaimerOpening the box, accessing materials online, and/or using materials constitutes your agreement and acceptance of the following: These materials are for private instructional use only. They are not a substitute for mental health advice. They are intended only for persons who understand and accept the risks of guided meditation, hypnotherapy, intuitive counseling, coaching (collectively referred to as “services”) including the risks described herein, and should not be used by any other person. The user assumes all risks and obligations, and agrees to indemnify and hold Transpersonal Hypnotherapy Institute, Inc., Anne Salisbury, Greg Meyerhoff and any of their directors, officers, shareholders, employees, agents, sponsors, contractors, successors or assigns (collectively referred to as “THI”) harmless for all claims and causes of action of whatever nature and origin, and the costs of defense thereof, including actions by persons receiving services and third parties who allege harm resulting from such services. Risks include but are not limited to: 1) services may bring to the conscious mind information and memories from the subconscious which may cause anxiety or strong feelings; 2) services may not be appropriate for people who have mental health disorders or who are under the care of a mental health professional; and 3) techniques depicted in the materials should not be practiced or performed on any person who has not given his or her informed consent following full disclosure of the techniques and risks. Do not use while driving. Contents are the copyrighted property of Transpersonal Hypnotherapy Institute, Inc. All rights reserved.Participant ReleaseAgreement: In consideration of my participation in one or more services or courses of Transpersonal Hypnotherapy Institute, Inc., the sufficiency of which consideration is hereby acknowledged, I forever release Transpersonal Hypnotherapy Institute, Inc., Anne Salisbury, Greg Meyerhoff and any of their directors, officers, shareholders, employees, agents, sponsors, contractors, successors or assigns, (collectively referred to as “THI”) from any and all claims for liability and damages of any kind whatsoever which I may at any time have, including without limitation personal injury, emotional distress and negligence (excluding only willful misconduct). I expressly waive all claims for indirect, consequential or exemplary damages. In no event shall I be entitled to recover more than the aggregate amount paid by me to Transpersonal Hypnotherapy Institute, Inc. I acknowledge I have been made no representation by THI as to my suitability for services or training, or as to any results which I may receive. I will indemnify and hold THI harmless for any damages, including attorneys’ fees, arising from my breach of the terms of this release. I have read and understand the contents of this release, and I execute this release of my own free will and without undue influence. I agree that the laws of the State of Colorado will govern my relationship with THI.Grievance ProcedureIf you have a concern, please speak with the THI director as soon as possible. If you feel it needs more resolution, submit your concerns in writing to the address listed herein. We will investigate your concern further, attempt to resolve it and notify you of THI’s position on the situation within 30 days. If you wish to appeal this decision, you may make a written request for arbitration and the following applies: The parties understand and agree that should any claim, controversy or dispute arise out of, or in connection with, this agreement, the matter may be submitted by any party to binding arbitration. If so submitted all parties are committed to binding arbitration. The forum shall be as mutually agreed. If there is not such agreement, then the forum shall be the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator will be a single, non-attorney, subject matter expert selected by the parties, but if there is not agreement, then by the forum. The arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the then existing commercial arbitration rules of the forum. Such arbitration shall be final and binding, and any decision rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. It is the express intent of the parties that, under all circumstances, punitive damages and the right of a jury trial shall be waived and the prevailing member may be entitled to recover reasonable attorney’s fees, court costs and expenses actually incurred in enforcing any arbitration award. Any member seeking to set aside this arbitration agreement by judicial action shall be responsible for all of the fees and costs, without limitation, of the parties defending against such action, irrespective of the outcome of such judicial action. The venue for such arbitration shall be Golden, Colorado. If circumstances preclude your ability to participate in an arbitration hearing you may file a complaint with the Colorado Department of Higher Education, Division of Private Occupational Schools at highered.colorado.gov/dpos or 303-866-2723 no later than two years from the date you discontinued training.Catalog ChangesGI (Go Intuition, Inc.) reserves the right to make changes in this catalog and forms including the right to change fees and policies. Such changes become effective at the time they are determined and apply to all participants.CopyrightThe contents of the audio, video and written materials are the copyrighted property of the GI or persons or entities who licensed such audio, video and written materials for reproduction. All rights are reserved by the owners of the copyrights. No portion may be duplicated without permission.© Copyright 1990 – 2020.FacilitiesGo Intuition, Inc. administrative offices are located at 1704 Muirfield Lane, Evergreen, Colorado, 80439. Mailing address is P.O. Box 18409, Golden, Colorado 80402. • Phone (303) 278-9585 • Fax (303) 474-3071. Office hours are 9 A.M. to 5 P.M. (Mountain Time) Monday – Friday excluding holidays. The facilities it occupies and the equipment it utilizes, fully complies with any and all federal, state and local ordinances and regulations, including those requirements as to fire safety, building safety and health. CartReceive Go Intuition eNews!Sign-up to receive your "Go Intuition" news with fascinating articles each month. Privacy Policy
Product CategoriesAudios on Intuition - Out of stock (2)Books on Intuition (4)Courses on Intuition Online (0)Great Life Empowerment (5)Intuition Events (5)Sessions: Personal, Business (17)Uncategorized (2)Blog CategoriesBlog (65)Book Reviews & Excepts (8)Business Consulting (4)Connect with Loved Ones on the Other Side (2)Conversations with All That Is Channelings (5)Develop Your Intuition (12)Downloads (5)Feng Shui & Energy Clearing (2)Ghost Clearing (2)Human-Animal Communication: Pet Psychic Readings (8)Newsletters (40)Pioneers in Intuition Interviews (17)Phone: 303-278-9585 - Fax: 303-474-3071 - Email: info@GoIntuition.com Anne Salisbury, PhD & Greg Meyerhoff, CPC, Co-Directors, Go Intuition, Inc, P. O. Box 18409, Golden, Colorado 80402 USA Receive phone sessions worldwide. Our Colorado offices serve Denver, Boulder, Colorado Springs, Summit County, Vail, Breckenridge, Keystone, Copper Mountain.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy