https://gordiangroup.com/legal/
Skip to content
Legal
Disclaimer
The material on this website has been prepared by Gordian Group, LLC. This material is provided for informational purposes only and is not an offer or solicitation of any investments or investment services.
Limitation of Liability: Your use of this website is at your own risk and subject to the following terms and conditions. You acknowledge that you have read and accept these terms and conditions by accessing this website.
Links to third-party resources that can be accessed from this website are not under the control of Gordian, and Gordian is not responsible for the contents of any of these third-party resources. The links on this site are provided for your convenience only and do not imply any recommendation, approval or endorsement of that site by Gordian.
Gordian Group, which provides investment, advisory, merger, acquisition and divestiture services, fairness opinion, solvency opinion, valuation opinion and restructuring advisory services is a registered broker-dealer and a member of FINRA.
Terms of service
Welcome to gordiangroup.com (this "Website"). If you continue to browse and use this Website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our Privacy Statement, govern Gordian Group, LLC's relationship with you in relation to this Website. By using this website, you acknowledge that you have carefully read and agree to be bound by these terms and conditions of use. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions of use, you may not access or otherwise use this website. The term Gordian Group, LLC or "us" or "we" refers to the owner of this website, whose registered office is 950 Third Avenue, 17th Floor New York, NY 10022. The term "you" refers to the user or viewer of our website.
Limits on Use: This Website is owned and operated by Gordian Group, LLC and may be accessed and used solely for informational purposes only. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell in any way any information, documents, graphics, software or other materials ("Materials") obtained from this website. You may view the Materials in their present form, download documents on any single computer and print one (1) copy of the Materials for your informational purposes only, provided you adhere to the copyright and other proprietary notices. We are not responsible for advising you of changes made to any of the Materials, and you should note the date of publication of each component of the Materials. You acknowledge that none of the Materials made available on or through this website constitutes business, financial, investment, hedging, trading, legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other advice. You recognize that unauthorized use of website content may subject you to civil or criminal liability.
Intellectual Property: This website, including the Materials, is owned by Gordian Group or our licensors, and is protected under the copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws of the United States and other countries as well as by international treaties and conventions. Using, copying, or storing any portion of this website for reasons other than your personal informational use without prior written consent from Gordian Group, LLC or a relevant licensor is expressly prohibited. The logos, services marks and trademarks of Gordian Group, LLC are owned exclusively by us. All other trademarks, product names and company names or logos cited herein are the property of their respective owners. This website may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information. You agree to abide by all applicable copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws and with all additional copyright and trademark notices, information and restrictions contained in any of the Materials.
Tombstone copy
Tombstones representing engagements are posted to the Web site based on Gordian’s determination of the relevance and significance of the engagements to demonstrate Gordian’s experience, except where there is a confidentiality concern.
Equal Employment Opportunity
Gordian Group, LLC is committed to principles of equal employment opportunity for all employees and applicants and, in accordance with applicable laws, does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, employment status, or on any other basis prohibited by law.
Gordian Group, LLC's Business Continuity Planning
Gordian Group, LLC has developed a Business Continuity Plan on how we will respond to events that significantly disrupt our business. Since the timing and impact of disasters and disruptions is unpredictable, we will have to be flexible in responding to actual events as they occur. With that in mind, we are providing you with this information on our business continuity plan.
Contacting Us – After a significant business disruption you should contact us as you usually do at (212) 486-3600 or via email, or access our Web site at www.gordiangroup.com.
Our Business Continuity Plan – We plan to quickly recover and resume business operations after a significant business disruption and respond by safeguarding our employees and property, making a financial and operational assessment, protecting the firm's books and records, and servicing our customers. In short, our business continuity plan is designed to permit our firm to resume operations as quickly as possible, given the scope and severity of the significant business disruption.
Our business continuity plan addresses: data back-up and recovery; all mission critical systems; financial and operational assessments; alternative communications with customers, employees, and regulators; alternate physical location of employees; critical supplier, contractor, bank and counter-party impact; regulatory reporting; and assuring our customers prompt access to their funds and securities if we are unable to continue our business.
Varying Disruptions – Significant business disruptions can vary in their scope, such as only our firm, a single building housing our firm, the business district where our firm is located, the city where we are located, or the whole region. Within each of these areas, the severity of the disruption can also vary from minimal to severe. In a disruption to only our firm or a building housing our firm, we will transfer our operations to a local site when needed and expect to recover and resume business within 24 hours. In a disruption affecting our business district, city, or region, we will transfer our operations to a site outside of the affected area, and recover and resume business within 24 hours. In either situation, we plan to continue in business, transfer operations to our clearing firm if necessary, and notify you through our web site www.gordiangroup.com how to contact us. If the significant business disruption is so severe that it prevents us from remaining in business, we will assure our customer's prompt access to any funds or securities that we maintain for them.
For more information – If you have questions about our business continuity planning, you can contact us at (212) 486-3600.
Thanks for subscribing!
Click here to grab your free chapter.
×
Subscribe to get your free download!
Email**
Name
First
Last
NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
×
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy