https://gordiangroup.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
What we collect
In general, you can visit this Website without revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers collect the domain names, not the e-mail addresses, of visitors. Our web servers may place a "cookie" (a small data file) on your computer's hard drive, which allows the server to identify the computer when it visits again. This cookie is not used to obtain your name or any personal information. If you prefer not to accept cookies, you can set your Internet browser to reject them or to alert you before one is placed.
There are parts of this Website where we may ask to collect personal information from you for a specific purpose, such as to provide you with service or company information you request. If you request to be contacted for a business inquiry or to receive relevant information, we may record and use the identity information you provide—such as your name, phone number, fax number and e-mail address—for reasonable business purposes including, but not limited to, fulfilling your request. If you do not provide all the information we need, we may not be able to give you the information you request.
From time to time we may share personal information with subcontractors that provide us with services. These services may include, among other things, the creation or maintenance of our databases, research and analysis concerning the people who request information from us, and the type of information that they request. We may also share your personal information with others as required by, or permitted by, law. This may include sharing your personal information with governmental entities, or third parties in response to subpoenas, court orders, other legal process, or as we believe is necessary to exercise our legal rights, to defend against legal claims that have been brought against us, or to defend against possible legal claims that we determine in our sole discretion might be brought against us.
What we do with the information we gather
We usually request client information to understand your needs and provide you with superior service. We may use information you voluntarily submit for internal purposes, such as keeping accurate records, improving web experiences, sending updates and promotional materials and responding to business inquiries. We do not sell your personal information to third parties. We do not use domain name information that we collect to identify you personally. We use this information to analyze and improve the content and features of our Website. When we collect other information from you, such as your name and e-mail address, we generally let you know at the time of collection how we will use the personal information.
You may, at any time, request information about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months.  You may also ask us to delete your personal information.  We do not discriminate or provide different quality of services to anyone who requests to have their personal information removed from our opt-in and contacts lists.  Privacy related inquiries should be directed to: info@gordiangroup.com
In the event that Gordian, or substantially all of Gordian’s assets, are acquired, the personal information we collect will be transferred to the acquiring company.
Links to other websites
Our Website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our Website, Gordian Group does not have any control over that other website. Therefore, Gordian Group cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information you provide while visiting sites that are not governed by this privacy statement.
Updated: January 1, 2020
Thanks for subscribing!
Click here to grab your free chapter.
×
Subscribe to get your free download!
Email**
Name
First
Last
NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
×
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy