http://goresinc.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms of Service (“Terms”)
Last updated: August 27, 2015
Please read these Terms of Service (“Terms”, “Terms of Service”) carefully before using the www.goresinc.com website (the “Service”) operated by Gores Construction Inc. (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access the Service.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Gores Construction Inc. and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of Gores Construction Inc.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Gores Construction Inc. .
Gores Construction Inc. has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or their websites.
You acknowledge and agree that Gores Construction Inc. shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such third party web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third party web sites or services that you visit.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Oregon, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Instagram
Facebook
LinkedIn
© 2020 Gores Construction |
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Safety