https://gothotwater.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – ACT, Inc. D'MAND Kontrols Systems
1-800-200-1956
Customer Login
Logout
0
0
Total:
$0.00
No products in the cart.
Home
Products
Residential
CommercialProductsEngineering DiagramsWhite PapersStudies & Reports
Builder
AccessoriesWireless Bluetooth ActivationHard-Wired ActivationParts for Installation
Installation
Authorized Installers
Installation InstructionsResidentialCommercialBuilderAccessory
Where to Buy
Representative Groups
Distributors
Home Centers
Contact
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement covers the sites www.gothotwater.com and www.metlund.com. Because this web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to its users' privacy, it has agreed to freely disclose its information practices. If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they should first contact the Webmaster .
First and foremost, we respect your right to privacy. Information collected on this website is not shared with any person or organization in any form, in any way, at any time. The only exception to this is if we are compelled to share this information through legal proceedings or the order of a court of law.
For each visitor to our web site, our web server automatically recognizes only the visitor's domain name. We collect statistical information on what pages visitors access, but that information is used only to understand the geographical demographics of our visitors, and which pages are getting the most (or least) usage. The only other information we collect is what is provided by the visitor.
We collect the e-mail address of people who communicate with us via e-mail. Under no circumstances is this information ever shared with any individual, group, business, organization or any other entity for any reason or purpose. If you receive email or snail-mail from us and wish to be removed from our send list, please notify the Webmaster .
There are links on this site that take you to Web sites of other companies, individuals, and organizations. While the privacy policy statement above represents the corporate policy of Advanced Conservation Technology, Inc., we cannot be responsible for the policy or conduct of any other site, whether or not you link to it from the Advanced Conservation Technology, Inc. site.
And lastly, although Advanced Conservation Technology, Inc. respects your right to privacy, please keep in mind that any information you provide us via our web site (unless you are in a secure area) may be intercepted by others and used in an unscrupulous manner.
What follows is the same information in more formal legalese...
Information Collection
Advanced Conservation Technology, Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on www.gothotwater.com and www.metlund.com. Advanced Conservation Technology, Inc. collects information from our users at several different points on our web site.
Registration
In order to use certain portions of this web site, a user will first have to complete a registration form. During registration a user will be required to give contact information (such as name and email address). We use this information to contact the user about services on our site for which s/he has expressed interest. They will also be required to assign themselves a unique identifier (such as a username and password).
Order
In the case of an order form, we request information from the user that they must provide (such as name, email, shipping address, credit card number, expiration date, etc.). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer orders. If we have trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact the user.
Information Use
The personally identifiable information that is collected on this web site is used strictly to conduct the business indicated at the time of collection. With the exception of communicating with individuals, the information is used in an aggregate form, without the possibility of personal identification.
We store information that we collect through cookies and log files. This information is stored in the aggregate only and no personally identifiable information is collected. We do not create profiles of users.
Cookies
We use cookies on various pages of this site to enhance the user experience. No personally identifiable information is collected in these cookies. (A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user.) Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your particular Internet browser help file directions.
Cookies are used to suppress one-time messages, eliminate the logging in of a password on subsequent visits, and other time-saving purposes while visiting our site. If users reject the cookie, they may still use our site.
Log Files
Like most standard web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Communications from the Site
When you communicate with us (e-mail, filling out a form, etc.) we will communicate back to you. We will not initiate communication with you unless you explicitly ask us to. Examples of this are receiving notification of updates to the site, etc. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see the Choice and Opt-out sections.
Sharing
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our web site.
Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable)
With the exception of the legal disclaimer in the paragraph above, we do not share either personally identifiable or aggregated demographic information with anyone.
Business Transitions
In the event Advanced Conservation Technology, Inc. goes through a business transition, such as a merger or being acquired by another company, we will, hopefully, be very rich. (Are you reading?) Users' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Users will be notified via e-mail if we have your e-mail address and by posting a prominent notice on our web site for 30 days prior to a change of ownership or control of their personal information. If, as a result of the business transition, the users' personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection they will be given choice consistent with our notification of changes section.
Choice/Opt-out
The reason that you do not have a choice to opt-out of having your information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for information is because it is our default setting. If you want to opt-in, you have to let us know. Users who have opted-in and who no longer wish to receive communications from Advanced Conservation Technology, Inc., may opt-out of receiving these communications by letting us know by e-mail or postal mail.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Advanced Conservation Technology, Inc. are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Surveys
We may, from time-to-time, request information from users via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name, email address, etc.), and demographic information (such as zip code). Contact information will be used only for the purpose of communicating with participants. With anonymous surveys, information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site, or to get users' opinions. With all surveys, we use cookies to prevent the same person from participating more than once. Again, no personally identifiable information is shared with third parties.
Security
This web site takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the web site, their information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are simply "surfing."
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing personnel or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment, in a locked facility.
If users have any questions about the security at our web site, they can send an email to the Webmaster .
Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires to use our services, send an e-mail to the Webmaster .
Notification of Changes
In the unlikely event that we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under which circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us
RETURN POLICY
WARRANTY
INDEMNITY
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS & CONDITIONS
LEGAL
CONTACT US
CONNECT WITH US:
© 2019 ACT D'MAND KONTROLS® SYSTEMS • ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
HomeProductsInstallationContact
Search for:
RETURN POLICY
WARRANTY
INDEMNITY
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS &CONDITIONS
LEGAL
CONTACT US
RETURN POLICY
WARRANTY
INDEMNITY
PRIVACY POLICY
CONTACT US