https://gotous.market/terms-of-use/
Skip to toolbar
Log In
Search
ABOUT US
CONTACT
Login
Menu
0
Last updated September 23th 2016
This website, http://gotous.market, is owned and operated by Duvekot Corporation.
SPECIAL CONDITIONS, AUTO-RENEWALS AND PAID ACCOUNTS
GotoUS.market makes available special conditions for the limited use of the Services, like “Virtual Office” or “Registered Agent” to new customers, who are incorporating a company in our platform and provide a valid payment instrument, such as a credit card or other payment method. If you choose to start your company with one of these Special Conditions, you will automatically apply for the services you have chosen at the end of the Special Condition period, and you authorize GotoUS.market to charge your payment method a recurring monthly fee for the services as applicable. If you wish to use additional Services beyond those included in the Special Condition period, you may be asked to separately purchase those Services.
GotoUS.market may automatically charge you at the end of the Special Conditions or for a Service renewal unless you notify us by email at support@gotous.market, that you want to cancel the service.
To ensure uninterrupted service and to enable you to conveniently purchase additional products and services, GotoUS.market will store and update (e.g. upon expiration) your payment method on file. If we are unable to charge your designated payment method for any reason, we reserve the right to automatically suspend your services until your designated payment method can be charged again. Please note that it is your responsibility to maintain current credit card information on file with GotoUS.market.
REFUND POLICY
We want you to be 100% satisfied with our Services. If you are less than satisfied or believe there has been an error in billing, please contact our Customer Service Department by email at support@gotous.market or by telephone at +1-305-716-9775 immediately so that we can help you resolve the issue, provide a refund or offer credit that can be used for future Services.
When contacting us, please include any details relating to the Services you have purchased so that we can ensure you are completely satisfied with your GotoUS.market experience. All refund requests must be made within 30 days of purchase. After the request, GotoUS.market has 30 days to analyze the demand, and provide an answer or the refund.
We do not offer refunds on payments we have collected for incorporation-related services (including without limitation registered agent services) or to other third parties with a role in processing your order.
For services that demand information or documents from the client, we reserve the right to refund the total amount of the order less the fees involved, if the client does not provide the demanded information in 60 days from the order date.
GotoUS.market IS NOT A LAW FIRM AND DOES NOT PROVIDE LEGAL ADVICE
GotoUS.market provides a platform for information and self-help. The information provided by GotoUS.market along with the content on our website related to legal matters (“Legal Information”) is provided for your private use and does not constitute legal advice. We do not review any information you provide us for legal accuracy or sufficiency, draw legal conclusions, provide opinions about your selection of forms, or apply the law to the facts of your situation.
If you need legal advice for a specific problem, you should consult with licensed attorney. Neither GotoUS.market nor any Legal Information provided by GotoUS.market is a substitute for legal advice from a qualified attorney licensed to practice in an appropriate jurisdiction.
Your use of the Services does not create an attorney-client relationship between you and GotoUS.market, or between you and any GotoUS.market employee or representative.
BUSINESS FILINGS AND REGISTERED AGENT SERVICE
GotoUS.market occasionally partners with other companies to fulfill business formation, registered agent or other business filing orders. You understand and agree that GotoUS.market will share certain personally identifiable information for you with the applicable third-party provider.
States require your incorporated entity to have a registered agent or an equivalent on file with their department of the Secretary of State. By purchasing Registered Agent service GotoUS.market, you authorize GotoUS.market and/or its third-party provider to receive service of process, including any notices of legal proceedings, other legal notices, or official government communication, and any items covered by the respective statute, rule, or regulation on your behalf. You further authorize your Registered Agent to scan, upload and transmit any such communications received on your behalf to your email address and into your account. When appropriate, GotoUS.market and/or its partners may also forward physical mail received on your behalf to the business address we have on record. To update, please contact us at +1-305-716-9775 or support@gotous.market.
GotoUS.market’s filing services are intended for users incorporating their own business(es). Communications related to GotoUS.market filings will be directed towards the business address and business owner we have on file.
To ensure uninterrupted service, Registered Agent service will automatically renew for successive 1 year terms at the end of each subscription period. If you do not opt out of this auto-renewal program, GotoUS.market will charge the credit or debit card you provided with the original order and renew you for the service term you selected. GotoUS.market reserves the right to increase all service fees at any time without notification to you. We will, however, notify you of any increase in service fees prior to renewing your service.
You may cancel the Registered Agent Service at any time by contacting GotoUS.market at +1-305-716-9775 during our normal business hours. In addition to cancelling the Registered Agent service, to comply with your state’s regulations, you will also need to submit appropriate change of agent paperwork with the applicable state agencies. By canceling the GotoUS.market Registered Agent Service, you acknowledge and understand that the registered agent service provider will take necessary steps to resign as your registered agent. Upon resignation, GotoUS.market and any of its affiliates, directors, agents, employees, or other GotoUS.market service providers will cease to act as your Registered Agent and stop all Registered Agent related services. Any fees associated with completing such a change of agent are your sole responsibility. Specific information regarding the change of registered agent process and any related government fee information can be found on your state’s website. GotoUS.market does not offer full or prorated refunds for cancelled Registered Agents services. Such services are purchased and renewed on an annual basis and must be cancelled prior to the renewal date to avoid recurring annual charges.
In the event that your entity is dissolved, either voluntarily or involuntarily, it is your responsibility to notify GotoUS.market of this dissolution so that we may cancel the Registered Agent services that are no longer needed. Until we are notified otherwise, your Registered Agent subscription will continue to renew and bill as described in this section.
In the event that GotoUS.market does not receive full payment, GotoUS.market reserves the right to terminate your Registered Agent service. You agree to bear any risk and under no circumstances will GotoUS.market be liable or responsible for any damage or inconvenience caused or alleged to be caused by termination.
TERMINATION OF MEMBERSHIP AND ACCESS RESTRICTION
GotoUS.market reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to downgrade or terminate your access to the Services, for any reason and at any time without prior notice. For example, we may suspend or terminate your use of the Services if you are not complying with these Terms, or if you are using the Services in a manner that would expose us to legal liability, disrupt the Services or disrupt others’ use of the Services.
If GotoUS.market elects to terminate your account, GotoUS.market will provide you with notice at your registered email address. GotoUS.market also reserves the right to modify or discontinue, either temporarily or permanently, any part of its Services with notice. You agree that GotoUS.market will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of your membership in the Services.
MARKET INTELLIGENCE REPORT
The Market Intelligence Report from secondary sources, is a service geared to Brazilian companies that do not have export experience and intend to start a new company in the American market. The report will have information based in a predefined scope, created with the client. The information will aim the support to the client to improve performance and reduce entry barriers in the new market, but aren´t guarantee of success of the company. The work consists in steps that includes the execution of diagnosis, analysis, the preparation of the document and presentation of results. The lead time of the services and delivery of all materials is estimated at 20 to 30 days. The time limits may vary according to customer availability and response time for meetings, interviews and feedback of information that may be necessary throughout the process.
MODULAR STORAGE SERVICE
By hiring the modular storage service, the customer will have an exclusive area in the warehouse, defined by the contracted quantity of modules. The client can store and move any goods since it does not violate any federal laws, rules or technical capacity of the warehouse. The warehouse opening hours for entry or collection of goods is from 08:30 until 16:00 local time. In case of contracting the movement service, we request that any incoming request or collection of goods has to made with 24-hour advance.
BOOKKEEPING SERVICE
If your company is already operating, by hiring the Bookkeeping Services the customer agreed to provide access to the accounting management system used, in addition to the following documents: Articles of incorporation/organization, and the income tax return forms, from the last 3 years.
OWNERSHIP AND PRESERVATION OF YOUR DOCUMENTS
GotoUS.market does not claim ownership of any documents you either create or upload and store using our GotoUS.market’s plataform. You grant permission for GotoUS.market to use your Documents in connection with providing services to you.
You acknowledge and agree that GotoUS.market may preserve these Documents as well as disclose them if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to accomplish any of the following: (1) to comply with legal process, applicable laws or government requests; (2) to enforce these Terms; (3) to respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; or (4) to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of GotoUS.market, its users and the public. You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service, including your content, may involve transmissions over various networks and changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. You agree that GotoUS.market has no responsibility or liability for deleting or failing to store any content maintained or uploaded by the Services.
CONSENT TO RECEIVE EMAILS
By creating an account, you agree that you may receive communications from GotoUS.market, such as newsletters, special offers, and account reminders and updates. You also understand that you can remove yourself from these communications by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in the footer of the actual email.
ACCEPTABLE USE OF COMMUNICATIONS SERVICES
Our Services include a large number of what are collectively called “Communications Services.” These include services such as messages, comment threads, blog posts, question and answer products, customer service communication forums, and other message services. You agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send, and receive messages or materials proper to and related to the particular Communication Service. When using a Communication Service, you agree that you will not do any of the following:
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights of others.
Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any names, materials, or information that is considered inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent, or unlawful.
Create a false identity, represent yourself as someone else, or sign an agreement as someone else or on behalf of someone else or otherwise falsify or delete in an uploaded file any significant attributions or notices.
Upload files that contain software or other material protected either by intellectual property laws or by the rights of privacy or publicity except when
i. you own or control the necessary rights, or
ii. you have received all necessary consents to do so.
Upload corrupted files, files that contain viruses, or any other files that may damage the operation of another’s computer.
Advertise, offer to sell, or offer to buy anything for business purposes except to the limited extent any particular Communication Service specifically allows such activity.
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services.
Harvest or otherwise collect personally identifiable information about others, without their consent.
Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines, which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service.
Violate any applicable laws or regulations.
Although GotoUS.market has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services, we reserve the right, in our own discretion, to review and remove materials posted to a Communication Service, in whole or in part. GotoUS.market reserves the right to disclose any materials posted, information or activity as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request.
LICENSE GRANT
Subject to your compliance with these Terms, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, revocable license to use the Services as we intend for them to be used. As a registered GotoUS.market user, you are licensed to keep, for your own personal records, electronic or physical copies of documents you have created on GotoUS.market. You may not copy the content of GotoUS.market ‘s forms or agreements for use or sale outside of GotoUS.market. Any rights not expressly granted in these Terms are reserved by GotoUS.market.
When you transmit user content on GotoUS.market, you hereby grant GotoUS.market and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display any such content, including throughout the world in any media. If you submit feedback or suggestions about our Services, we may use your feedback or suggestions without obligation to you.
Resale or unauthorized distribution of materials downloaded from the GotoUS.market website is strictly prohibited. Use of these materials is for your personal or business use. Any resale or redistribution of our materials requires the express, written consent of GotoUS.market.
MODIFICATIONS
We may revise these Terms from time to time, and will always post the most current version on our website. If a revision meaningfully reduces your rights, we will notify you (by, for example, posting on our blog or on this page). By continuing to use or access the Services after the revisions come into effect, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms.
GOVERNING LAW, JURISDICTION AND LEGAL NOTICE
These Terms of Use will be governed and construed under the laws of the State of Florida, U.S.A., without regard to its choice of law provisions. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to this website or the GotoUS.market Content, including these Terms of Use, will be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Florida. You consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating any such action.
Esqueci minha senhaRedefinição de senha para o GotoUS.market
Lost Password
Lost your password? Please enter your username or email address. You will receive a link to create a new password via email.
Username or E-mail:
Reset Password
Lost Password
@
Not recently active