http://gpcinternational.com/en/siteinfo/privacy/
Graham Packaging Company Privacy Policy
EFFECTIVE DATE: January 30th, 2019
Graham Packaging International (”Graham Packaging,” ”we,”
”us,” or ”our”) values your privacy. In this Privacy Policy
(”Policy”), we describe how we collect, use, and disclose information that we
obtain about visitors to our website www.gpcinternational.com (the ”Site”) and
information that we obtain offline from our customers.
By using our Site you acknowledge that your personal information will be handled as
described in
this Policy. Your use of our Site, and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this Policy
and
our [Terms and Conditions], including its applicable limitations on damages and the
resolution
of disputes. The Graham Packaging [Terms and Conditions] are incorporated by reference into
this Policy.
The Information We Collect About You
We collect information about you directly from you and from third parties, as well as
automatically through your use of our Site.
Information We Collect Directly from Site Visitors. The information we collect from
you
depends on how you use our Site. If you request a quote or otherwise contact us through the
Site, we collect your name, business contact information, such as your business address,
email
address and phone number, and the reason you are contacting us.
Information We Collect from Our Customers. We collect information from our customers
when we provide our products and services. We collect names and business contact
information,
such as business phone numbers and email addresses from our customers’ employees and
agents.
Information We Collect Automatically. We may automatically collect the following
information about your use of our Site through cookies and other technologies: your domain
name; your browser type and operating system; web pages you view; links you click; your IP
address; the length of time you visit our Site and or use our Services; and the referring
URL,
or the webpage that led you to our Site. We may combine this information with other
information
that we have collected about you, including, where applicable, your name and other personal
information Please see the section ”Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms”
below
for more information.
How We Use Your Information
We use your information, including your personal information, for the following purposes:
To provide our services to you, to provide the requested product quotations, to
communicate with you about your use of our products and services, to respond to your
inquiries, to fulfill your orders, and for other customer service purposes.
To fulfill and administer our customer contracts.
To better understand how users access and use our Site, both on an aggregated and
individualized basis, in order to improve our Site and respond to user desires and
preferences, and for other research and analytical purposes.
To comply with legal obligations, as part of our general business operations, and for
other business administration purposes.
Where we believe necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal
activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of
any person or violations of our [Terms and Conditions] or this Privacy Policy.
How We Share Your Information
We use your information, including your personal information, for the following purposes:
Affiliates. We may disclose the information we collect from you to our
affiliates or subsidiaries; however, if we do so, their use and disclosure of your
personal information will be subject to this Policy.
Service Providers. We disclose the information we collect from you to Webpac,
who host our website and perform functions on our behalf.
We also disclose information in the following circumstances:
Business Transfers. If we are or may be acquired by or merged with another
company, if any of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a
bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information we have collected from you to
the other company.
In Response to Legal Process. We also may disclose the information we collect
from you in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other
legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena.
To Protect Us and Others. We also may disclose the information we collect from
you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding
illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the
safety of any person, violations of our [Terms and Conditions] or this Policy, or as
evidence in litigation in which Graham Packaging is involved.
Aggregate and De-Identified Information. We may share aggregate or de-identified
information about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research or
similar purposes.
Our Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms
We and our third party service providers use cookies and other tracking mechanisms to track
information about your use of our Site. We may combine this information with other personal
information we collect from you (and our third party service providers may do so on our
behalf).
Cookies. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your
computer’s hard drive through your web browser for record-keeping purposes. Some cookies allow
us to make it easier for you to navigate our Site, while others are used to enable a faster
log-in process or to allow us to track your activities at our Site. There are two types of
cookies: session and persistent cookies.
Session Cookies. Session cookies exist only
during an online session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser or
turn off your computer. We use session cookies to allow our systems to uniquely identify
you during a session or while you are logged into the Site. This allows us to process your
online transactions and requests and verify your identity, after you have logged in, as you
move through our Site.
Disabling Cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you
can edit your browser options to block them in the future. The Help portion of the toolbar on
most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to
have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies
altogether. Visitors to our Site who disable cookies will be able to browse certain areas of
the Site, but some features may not function.
Clear GIFs, pixel tags and other technologies. Clear GIFs are tiny graphics
with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are
stored on your computer’s hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages. We may
use clear GIFs (a.k.a. web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags), in connection with our Site to,
among other things, track the activities of Site visitors, help us manage content, and compile
statistics about Site usage. We and our third party service providers ,may also use clear GIFs
in HTML emails to our customers, to help us track email response rates, identify when our
emails are viewed, and track whether our emails are forwarded.
Third Party Analytics. We use automated devices and applications, such as
Google Analytics, to evaluate usage of our Site. We also may use other analytic means to
evaluate our Site. We use these tools to help us improve our Site’s performance and user
experiences. These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as web
beacons or local storage objects (LSOs), to perform their services. To learn more about
Google’s privacy practices, please review the Google Privacy Policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. You
can also download the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on to prevent their data from being
used by Google Analytics at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Do-Not-Track. Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track”
requests. You may, however, disable certain tracking as discussed in this section (e.g., by
disabling cookies); you also may opt-out of targeted advertising by following the instructions
in the Third Party Ad Network section.
Users in the United States may opt out of many third-party ad networks. For example, you may go
to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Consumer Choice Page for information about opting out of
interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by DAA companies. You may also go to the Network
Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) Consumer Opt-Out Page for information about opting out of
interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by NAI members. If you are in the EU, you may
opt-out of certain third party cookies that we and other websites may use for targeted
advertising through the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) Your Online Choices Page or www.aboutads.info.
Opting out from one or more companies listed on the DAA Consumer Choice Page or the NAI Consumer Opt-Out Page will opt you out from
those companies’ delivery of interest-based content or ads to you, but it does not mean you
will no longer receive any advertising through our Site or on other websites. You may continue
to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing
(i.e., contextually based ads). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when
you opt out on the DAA or NAI websites, your opt out may not be effective. Additional
information is available on the DAA’s website at www.aboutads.info or the NAI’s website at www.networkadvertising.org.
Third-Party Links
Our Site may contain links to third-party websites. Any access to and use of such linked websites is
not governed by this Policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third party
websites. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third party websites.
Security of My Personal Information
We have implemented reasonable precautions to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse,
and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware that despite our
efforts, no data security measures can guarantee security.
You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer
by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that
nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not
responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via
unauthorized password activity.
What Choices Do I Have Regarding Promotional Emails?
Where we have necessary permissions, we may send periodic promotional emails to you. You may opt-out
of promotional communications by following the opt-out instructions contained in the email. Please
note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process opt-out requests. If you opt-out of
receiving promotional emails about recommendations or other information we think may interest you,
we may still send you emails about your account or any services you have requested or received from
us.
Children Under 13
Our Site and services are not designed for children aged 13 or under. If we discover that a child
aged 13 or under has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from
our systems.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR EUROPEAN UNION RESIDENTS
The information that we collect through the Site and from our customers in administering our
customer relationships is controlled by Graham Packaging Europe, S.N.C which is headquartered in
France at 15 avenue Edouard Belin, 92500 Rueil Malmaison, France. Depending on our customer’s
location, information may be shared with our local Graham affiliate entity.
The Legal Bases for using your Personal Information. We collect your personal
information as a data controller when we have a legal basis to do so. The following legal bases
pertain to our collection of personal information:
Our use of your personal information is in our legitimate interest as a commercial organization
(for example in order to make improvements to our products and services and to provide you with
information you request); you have a right to object to processing as explained in the section
below titled Your Legal Rights; and
Our use of your personal information is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory
obligation that we have (for example, where we are required to disclose personal information to
a court or tax authority).
In very limited circumstances, we may seek consent of EU persons, including, for marketing
purposes. In such circumstances, our use of your data is based on your consent.
If you would like to find out more about the legal bases on which we process personal information,
please contact us using the details below.
We retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide our services to you, to
fulfil the purposes described in this Policy and/or our business purposes, or as required by law,
regulation, or internal policy.
Your Legal Rights. Subject to certain exemptions, and in some cases dependent upon
the processing activity we are undertaking, when Graham Packaging acts as a data controller,
European Union individuals have certain rights in relation to your personal information:
Right to access, correct, and delete your personal information:
You have the right to request access to the personal information that we hold about you and:(a) the
source of your personal information; (b) the purposes, legal basis and methods of processing; (c)
the data controller’s identity; and (d) the entities or categories of entities to whom your
personal information may be transferred.
You also have the right to request that we correct any inaccuracies in your information.
You also have the right to request that we delete your information. We are not required to comply
with your request to erase personal information if the processing of your personal information is
necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise, or defence of
legal claims.
Right to restrict the processing of your personal information:
You have the right to restrict the use of your personal information when (i) you contest the
accuracy of the data; (ii) the use is unlawful but you do not want us to erase the data; (iii) we
no longer need the personal information for the relevant purposes, but we require it for the
establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected to our personal
information use justified on our legitimate interests verification as to whether we have a
compelling interest to continue to use your data.
We can continue to use your personal information following a request for restriction, where:
we have your consent; or
to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or
to protect the rights of another natural or legal person.
Right to data portability: To the extent that we process
your information (i) based on your consent or under a contract; and (ii) through automated means,
you have the right to receive such personal information in a structured, commonly used,
machine-readable format, or you can ask to have it transferred directly to another data controller.
Right to object to the processing of your personal information:
You can object to any processing of your personal information which has our legitimate interests as
its legal basis, if you believe your fundamental rights and freedoms outweigh our legitimate
interests. If you raise an objection, we have an opportunity to demonstrate that we have compelling
legitimate interests which override your rights and freedoms.
Right to obtain a copy of personal information safeguards used
for transfers outside your jurisdiction: You can ask to obtain a copy of, or reference to,
the safeguards under which your personal information is transferred outside of the European
Economic Area (EEA).
Right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory
authority: You have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority if you have concerns
about how we are processing your personal information.
We ask that you please attempt to resolve any issues with us first, although you have a right to
contact your supervisory authority at any time.
How to Exercise Your Rights: If you would like to exercise
any of the rights described above, please send a request to . In your message, please indicate the right you
would like to exercise and the information that you would like to access, review, correct, or
delete.
We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes before
disclosing the personal information requested to you. We reserve the right to charge a fee where
permitted by law, for instance if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
We may not always be able to fully address your request, for example, if it would affect the duty of
confidentiality we owe to others, or if we are legally entitled to deal with the request in a
different way.
Transfer of Information. Graham Packaging generally maintains servers and systems
in the United States hosted by third party service providers. Our European Union offices and
facilities may transfer personal information to us in the United States, and we also may
subcontract the processing of your information to, or otherwise share your information with, other
third parties in the United States or countries other than your country of residence. As a result,
where the personal information that we collect through or in connection with the Site or in
providing our products and services is transferred to and processed in the United States or
anywhere else outside the EEA for the purposes described above, we will take steps to ensure that
the information receives the same level of protection as if it remained within the EEA, including
entering into data transfer agreements, using the EU Commission approved Standard Contractual
Clauses, or by relying on certification schemes such as the EU - US Privacy Shield. You may have a
right to details of the mechanisms under which your data is transferred outside the EEA.
Contact Us
If you have questions about the privacy aspects of our Services or would like to make a complaint,
please contact Sarah Cohade at .
Changes to this Policy
This Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. We may change this Policy from time
to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Policy on
our Site. If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to
the personal information we have previously collected from you, we will endeavor to provide you
with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our Site.