https://gpslimited.com//privacy-cookie-policy/
Privacy & Cookie Policy.
GPS LTD
General Polytronic Systems Limited;(referred to as “GPS LTD”, “we”, “us”, “our”), understand that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your information is used and shared online. We respect and value the privacy of everyone that visits our website and only collect and use information in ways that are useful to you and in a manner consistent with your rights and our obligations under the law, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
This privacy and cookie policy will help you understand how we process any and all data collected by us in relation to your use of our website, and what choices you have.
About us
Our website, https://gpslimited.com/ is owned and operated by General Polytronic Systems Ltd, registered in England under number 01836595. Our registered address is: 272 Regents Park Road, London, N3 3HN
Our data protection officer is Nima Hashemi who can be contacted at privacy@gpslimited.com
What information do we collect?
We collect information about you when you register with us, complete a form on our website or when you commission us, or one of the artists we manage. We also collect when you email us or contact us by telephone. Website usage information is collected using cookies. This website uses Google Analytics to track various metrics such as user and website visits. The maximum time this data is held is one year and managed by Google. Please read their privacy policy .
How will we use the information about you?
We will use this information to provide the products or services requested, respond to communications from you and, if you agree, to email you about other products and services that we think may be of interest to you.
We will not share your information for marketing purposes with companies outside of our organisation.
Marketing
With your permission we would like to send you information about our products and services, together with details of news and promotions that we think will be of interest to you. We may use your data to contact you by email, telephone and by direct mail. You may opt out at any time.
If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please email marketing@gpslimited.com. You can opt out of our email communications by clicking the unsubscribe link at the footer of any email you receive from us.
How and where do we store your data?
We only keep your data if we have a valid legal reason to do so and will only keep it for as long as we need to in order to fulfil our contractual or legal obligations or for as long as we have your permission to keep it. We will conduct an annual review to determine if we need to keep your data. Your data will be deleted if we no longer need it to maintain our obligations or if you have requested that we delete it.
We use cookies to make this website better. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our privacy policy. Find out more.GOT IT!