https://grahamreadingphotography.com/privacy-statement/
grahamreadingphotography.com
Professional photography for weddings, portraits, events, editorial, press, parties, celebrities, studio shoots, model portfolios, corporate work and more …
Skip to content
Home
Contact
Testimonials
View your photographs
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Website privacy notice
INTRODUCTION
This privacy notice provides you with details of how we collect and process your personal data through your use of our site www.grahamreadingphotography.com including any information you may provide through our site when you purchase a product or service, sign up to our newsletter.
By providing us with your data, you warrant to us that you are over 13 years of age.
Company/Organisation is a data controller and a data processor so we are responsible for your personal data (referred to as “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice).
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the data we hold, then please contact us using the below details;
Contact: Mr Reading
Email address: graham@grahamreading.com
Telephone number: 07931 324220
If you are not happy with any aspect of how we collect and use your data, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We should be grateful if you would contact us first if you do have a complaint so that we can try to resolve it for you.
It is very important that the information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please let us know if at any time your personal information changes by emailing us at graham@grahamreading.com
WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal data means any information capable of identifying an individual. It does not include anonymised data.
We may process certain types of personal data about you as follows, or about your employees when you are using our portal:
Identity Data may include your first name, maiden name, last name, username, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data may include your billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data may include your bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data may include details about payments between us and other details of purchases made by you.
Technical Data may include your login data, internet protocol addresses, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, time zone setting and location, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this site.
Profile Data may include your username and password, purchases or orders, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data may include information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data may include your preferences in receiving marketing communications from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We may also process Aggregated Data from your personal data but this data does not reveal your identity and as such in itself is not personal data. An example of this is where we review your Usage Data to work out the percentage of website users using a specific feature of our site. If we link the Aggregated Data with your personal data so that you can be identified from it, then it is treated as personal data.
Sensitive Data
We do not collect any Sensitive Data about you. Sensitive data refers to data that includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data. We do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offences. We may however collect sensitive data if you chose to send it to us.
Where we are required to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of the contract between us and you do not provide us with that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract (for example, to deliver goods or services to you). If you don’t provide us with the requested data, we may have to cancel a product or service you have ordered but if we do, we will notify you at the time.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We collect data about you through a variety of different methods including:
Direct interactions: You may provide data by filling in forms on our site (or otherwise) or by communicating with us by post, phone, email or otherwise, including when you:
order our products or services;
create an account on our site;
use our web portal
subscribe to our service or publications;
request resources or marketing be sent to you; or
give us feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions: As you use our site, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and usage patterns. We collect this data by using cookies, server logs and similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites that use our cookies.
Third parties or publicly available sources: We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below
Technical Data from the following parties:
analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU;
Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services such as Stripe, PayPal outside the EU.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when legally permitted. The most common uses of your personal data are:
Where we need to perform the contract between us.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal ground for processing your personal data, other than in relation to sending marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by emailing us at graham@grahamreading.com
Purposes for processing your personal data
Set out below is a description of the ways we intend to use your personal data and the legal grounds on which we will process such data. We have also explained what our legitimate interests are where relevant.
We may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground, depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please email us at graham@grahamreading.com if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including:
(a) Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests to recover debts owed to us
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services
To administer and protect our business and our site (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant content and advertisements to you and measure and understand the effectiveness of our advertising
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our site updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests to develop our products/services and grow our business
Marketing communications
Depending on us determining the correct lawful legal basis you may receive marketing communications from us if you have:
requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us; or
if you provided us with your details and ticked the box at the point of entry of your details for us to send you marketing communications; and
in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by emailing us at graham@grahamreading.com at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving our marketing communications, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience or other transactions.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to find out more about how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please email us graham@grahamreading.com
If we need to use your personal data for a purpose unrelated to the purpose for which we collected the data, we will notify you and we will explain the legal ground of processing.
We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent where this is required or permitted by law.
DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above:
Service providers who provide IT and system administration services.
Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities based in the United Kingdom and other relevant jurisdictions who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Third parties to whom we sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets.
We require all third parties to whom we transfer your data to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We only allow such third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) do not always offer the same levels of protection to your personal data, so European law has prohibited transfers of personal data outside of the EEA unless the transfer meets certain criteria.
Many of our third parties service providers are based outside the European Economic Area (EEA) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.
Should we choose transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we do our best to ensure a similar degree of security of data by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission; or
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts or codes of conduct or certification mechanisms approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe; or
Where we use providers based in the United States, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the EU-US Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the Europe and the US.
If none of the above safeguards is available, we may request your explicit consent to the specific transfer. You will have the right to withdraw this consent at any time.
Please email us at graham@grahamreading.com if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.
DATA SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know such data. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
DATA RETENTION
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. These include the right to:
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.
You can see more about these rights at:
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please email us at graham@grahamreading.com
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
COOKIES
A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification number that is transferred (through your browser) from a website to the hard drive of your computer. The cookie identifies your browser but will not let a website know any personal data about you, such as your name and/or address. These files are then used by websites to identify when users revisit that website.
We also use Google Analytics to monitor how the website is used. Google Analytics collects information anonymously and generates reports detailing information such as the number of visits to the website, where visitors generally came from, how long they stayed on the website, and which pages they visited. Google Analytics places several persistent cookies on your computer’s hard drive. These do not collect any personal data. If you do not agree to this you can disable persistent cookies in your browser or decline non-functional cookies from this website.. This will prevent Google Analytics from logging your visits.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Independent Arts – Festival of Islesolation –
The Isolation of Lockdown
Victoria of Wight Helps in Solent Rib Rescue
Socially distanced swim during the coronavirus pandemic
Shanelle Gauntlett Dances at Yaverland, Isle of Wight
Geese and Goslings in Ryde, Isle of Wight
Twitter FeedTweets by grahamreading Archives
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
September 2019
August 2019
June 2019
May 2019
September 2018
August 2018
June 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
December 2017
September 2017
August 2017
July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
November 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
November 2014
October 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
December 2013
November 2013
October 2013
September 2013
August 2013
July 2013
June 2013
April 2013
March 2013
February 2013
January 2013
December 2012
September 2012
August 2012
July 2012
June 2012
May 2012
February 2012
January 2012
November 2011
August 2011
July 2011
June 2011
April 2011
March 2011
February 2011
January 2011
December 2010
November 2010
October 2010
September 2010
August 2010
May 2010
March 2010
September 2009
March 2009
February 2009
June 2008
August 2002
Categories
Aircraft
Art
Baby
Beauty
Business
Celebrity
Charity
Charity Events
Christmas
Commercial
Competition
Concert
Corporate events
Cruising
Dance
Engagement party
Equine
Event Photography
Exhibition
Fashion
Festival
Food
Formula One
Gig
Great Ormond Street
Health and Fitness
Honeymoon
Landscapes
Lewis Hamilton
London Fashion Week
Marketing and PR
Model Portfolio
Mother and Child
Motor
Musical
Nature
Newly-weds
OK! Magazine
Party Photography
Photo-shoot
Portfolio
Portraiture
Pre-wedding photo-shoot
Pregnancy
Press
Rally
Royalty
Sailing
Sculpture
Seascapes
Shopping
Sport
Testimonials
theatre
Top of the blog
Travel
Tuition
Uncategorized
Weather
Website
Wedding
Recent CommentsLyn Blackledge on Models of Diversity in OK! magazineMax Richardson on Reggae Reggae Sauce in my goody bag!Lyn Blackledege on Masks and Jimmy ChoosLyn Blackledge on Beauty in a poppy fieldMeta
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org
Privacy
grahamreadingphotography.com
Proudly powered by WordPress.
We use functional cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. We may also use non-functional cookies such as for analytics. You may accept or decline the latter.AcceptDeclinePrivacy Statement
Privacy & Cookies