https://grahamdavies.co.uk/privacy-cookies-policy/
Navigation
Home
Graham DaviesHome
Services
Presentation Coaching
Public Speaking Masterclass
Political Mentoring
Pitch Coaching
Keynote Speaking
Events & Awards Hosting
TV Interview Coaching
After Dinner Speaking
Clients
Testimonials
Coaching Case Studies
Client List
About Graham
Contact
Return to Content
Compliance With The Principles of GDPR
a) Data must be processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner in relation to individuals.
The Presentation Coach Ltd has a legitimate interest to process personal data relating to decision makers and budget holders in medium-to-large organisations in the UK. The data is gathered from publicly available sources and directly from the companies concerned.
b) Data must be collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes; further processing for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes shall not be considered to be incompatible with the initial purposes.
Data is collected solely for the purpose of compiling a database of business contacts to be used by The Presentation Coach Ltd’s clients for business-to-business marketing.
(c) Data must be adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed.
The data collected is limited to names of senior managers and directors, their job titles, company addresses, company landline telephone numbers and corporate email addresses.
(d) Data must be accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date; every reasonable step must be taken to ensure that personal data that are inaccurate, having regard to the purposes for which they are processed, are erased or rectified without delay.
The Presentation Coach Ltd sources all data from ICO registered Data Houses who confirm all information is checked by telephone three times a year to ensure that it is kept accurate and up-to-date.
(e) Data must be kept in a form which permits identification of data subjects for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are processed; personal data may be stored for longer periods insofar as the personal data will be processed solely for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes subject to implementation of the appropriate technical and organisational measures required by the GDPR in order to safeguard the rights and freedoms of individuals.
If a person leaves their role, their name and contact details are deleted from the database. However the information may still be used for suppression purposes i.e. to ensure that it cannot be added to the database again.
(f) Individuals have the right to see, correct, restrict access to or remove their personal information.
For subject access requests, use the contact details shown above.
(g) Complaints. Individuals have a right to complain to the Information Commissioner if they believe that there is a problem with the way their data is being used.
Follow this link to contact the ICO.
Privacy and Cookies Policy
1. Introduction
1.1    We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; in this policy we explain how we will handle your personal data.
1.2    We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website.
2. How we use your personal data
2.1    In this section we have set out:
(a)    the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b)    in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data;
(c)    the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(d)    the legal bases of the processing.
2.2    We may process data about your use of our website and services (“usage data“). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
2.3    We may process your account data (“account data“).The account data may include your name and email address. The source of the account data is you. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
2.4    We may process your information included in your personal profile on our website (“profile data“).The profile data may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, profile pictures, gender, date of birth, relationship status, interests and hobbies, educational details and employment details. The profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
2.5    We may process your personal data that are provided in the course of the use of our services (“service data“). The source of the service data is you or your employer. The service data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
2.6    We may process information that you post for publication on our website or through our services (“publication data“). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
2.7    We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding products and/or services (“enquiry data“). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant products and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
2.8    We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website (“transaction data“). The transaction data may include your contact details, your card details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely our interest in the proper administration of our website and business.
2.9    We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters (“notification data“). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
2.10  We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us (“correspondence data“). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
2.11  In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 2, we may also process any of your personal data] where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
2.13  Please do not supply any other person’s personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
3. Providing your personal data to others
3.1    We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
3.2    We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining and maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice and managing legal disputes.
3.3    Financial transactions relating to our website and services are handled by our payment services providers. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
3.4    In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this section, we may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
4. International transfers of your personal data
4.1    In this section, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
4.2    The hosting facilities for our website are situated in the UK. The European Commission has made an “adequacy decision” with respect to the UK data protection laws. Transfers to other countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission.
4.3    You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
5. Retaining and deleting personal data
5.1    This section sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
5.2    Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
5.3    We will retain and delete your personal data as follows:
(a)    Your contact details will be retained for 12 months, at the end of which period it will be deleted from our systems.
5.4    Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 5, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
6. Amendments
6.1    We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
6.2    You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
6.3    We may notify you of changes to this policy by email.
7. Your rights
7.1    In this section, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
7.2    Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a)    the right to access;
(b)    the right to rectification;
(c)    the right to erasure;
(d)    the right to restrict processing;
(e)    the right to object to processing;
(f)    the right to data portability;
(g)    the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h)    the right to withdraw consent.
7.3    You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee.
7.4    You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
7.5    In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are certain general exclusions of the right to erasure. Those general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
7.6    In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
7.7    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
7.8    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
7.9    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
7.10  To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is consent, and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
7.11  If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
7.12  To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
7.13  You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us, in addition to the other methods specified in this section.
8. About cookies
8.1    A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
8.2    Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
8.3    Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
9. Cookies that we use
9.1  We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a)    authentication – we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website;
(b)    status – we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website;
(c)    personalisation – we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalise the website for you;
(d)    security – we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally;
(e)    advertising – we use cookies to help us to display advertisements that will be relevant to you;
(f)    analysis – we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services; and
(g)    cookie consent – we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally.
10. Cookies used by our service providers
10.1  Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
10.2  We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: www.google.com/policies/privacy.
11. Managing cookies
11.1  Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a)    https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
(b)    https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
(c)    http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
(d)    https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
(e)    https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and
(f)    https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
11.2  Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
11.3  If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
12. Our details
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please call or email us.
Telephone: 0203 488 0715
Email: graham@grahamdavies.co.uk
13. Your right to be forgotten
If you would like us to delete your data from our records, please email us.
14. Data controller
The data controller responsible in respect of the information collected on this website is Graham Davies.
0203 488 0715
HomeServicesClientsTVContactTermsPrivacy
Home
Services
Clients
TV
Contact
Terms
Privacy
By continuing to use this website, you agree to the use of cookies. To find out more, read our Cookie PolicyX