https://gramjuhl.com/privacy-policy/
Gram & Juhl complies with the European General Data Protection regulation (GDPR) in all aspects.
Online ( website, social medias) we only use images and information that is either not regulated by GDPR or we have written permission from participants. Consents can be revoked by mail to info@gramjuhl.com at any time and will be lodged and complied with.
We only retain the personal information provided to fulfill the purpose for which it was originally collected. When the information is no longer needed or consent revoked, we destroy all received information (this also applies for applications) once possible contract obligations, if any, has been completed.
Gram & Juhl does not share any personal information with external parties.
The information gathered by Gram & Juhl May include: full name, work address, work phone and fax numbers, work email address, company payment data.
If you have any questions/enquiries or complaints regarding or handling of GDPR and/or your personal information, please contact info@gramjuhl.com. According to applicable legislation, data subjects may always lodge a complaint with the correct data protection authority.
This is the Cookie Policy for gramjuhl.com, accessible from https://gramjuhl.com/
1.What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality.
2.How we use Cookies
Gram & Juhl uses cookies to enhance the functionality of the website by storing your preferences. On gramjuhl.com we use necessary cookies and analytical/statistical cookies. The use of statistical cookies on gramjuhl.com require consent from the user. The user may at any time withdraw their consent to use cookies. See section 7 of this Cookie Policy for information about cookie management and deletion of cookies.
3.Necessary cookies
Necessary cookies are essential to visit the site and use certain parts.Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. If you reject these cookies certain faetures of the website will not work properly.
4.Analytical/Statistical cookies
At Gram & Juhl, we use own and third party cookies in order to analyze your browsing habits, to store your selections and to improve the usability of our website.When you visit the website, Gram & Juhl´s web server collects some basic information such as wich pages you accessed on the site, and when. We at Gram & Juhl use this information only to analyze the use of our webpage to make further improvements. We do not collect any personally identifiable information.
5.First-party cookies
First-party cookies are stored in your browser by Gram & Juhl’s website when you enter its ULR or click on a link that takes you to one of our sites. The website uses these cookies to store information to be used the next time you visit that site.
Data we collect:
IP address (computer address on the internet for statistical purpose only – no personally identifiable information is collected)
Country, region, city, state, zip code
Referrer (where you came from e.g. google.com)
Data and time of visit
Browser (Chrome, Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari etc.)
ULR of the page youe are viewing
Time spend on the page
Device type (Desktop, Mobile)
Search keywords
6.Third-party cookies
Third-party cookies are placed by services used by Gram & Juhl (e.g. Google Analytics). These cookies have been developed by third-party companies and not by Gram & Juhl.
We use Google Analytics on our website for constantly improving the website and/or detecting errors. For this purpose Google Analytics anonymously stores and analyzes various kind of data, including websites that link to Gram & Juhl, page views, page sessions, the time of the visit and the browser used. Non of which contains personally identifiable information.
7.Cookie Management
If you do not accept the use of certain cookies, some features of the site may not work, or you may not be able to use certain services on the websites.
If you wish to restrict or blok the use of cookies, you must indicate your preferences via the cookie banner shown on the website. You may also restrict the use of cookies through your browser settings. You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. You can change your cookie setting at any time by revoking previously accepted cookies, you do this by clicking the link in cookie banner.
Subscribe to the TCM® newsletter and get all of the most important news in you inbox. The TCM® newsletter will provide you with regular information on our products, innovations, events and much more.
First Name
Last Name
Company
Email address
Choose your interest
Ocular News
Release Updates
Latest News
Monitoring News
Leave this field empty if you're human: