http://grandys.com/privacy-policy.html
Home
Locations
Comments
About Us
Catering
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Commitment to You
Grandy's LLC ("Grandy's") takes your privacy seriously. It is our
policy to allow our www.grandys.com ("website") customers to provide as
much - or as little - personal information to us as they feel comfortable providing.
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy, please
contact us and we'll be happy to address your concerns.
Types of Information We Collect
You do not have to provide any personal information to us in order to use our website.
The only personal information that we collect from you is information that you choose
to submit to us through online store purchases, feedback, or information that you
otherwise send to us via e-mail ("Personal Information"). Your Personal
Information may include your name, address, e-mail address. We may also collect
anonymous and aggregate information about your use of our website, such as page
hits, numbers of visits, web pages viewed and the length of visits to our website.
We do not tie this information to your Personal Information.
Grandy's Protection Methodology
Grandy's operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and
password protected systems, and maintains physical, electronic and procedural safeguards
to guard the integrity and privacy of these servers and of your Personal Information.
Personal Information is processed on a secure server and is transmitted with industry
standard encryption technology.
Children's Guidelines
Grandy's is concerned about the safety and privacy of all its users, particularly
children. For this reason, Grandy's will not knowingly collect information from
children under the age of 12. By using our web site, you represent to us that you
are at least 12 years old. If you are under 12, please do not submit any personal
information to us.
How Grandy's Uses Information Collected
Generally, personal information that you provide through our web site is collected
and maintained by Grandy's to enhance our customers' experiences in our restaurants
and on our website. We may also use your personal information, alone or in combination
with the information submitted by other users, to improve our website's navigation
or infrastructure; to market and advertise our products or services; to facilitate
systems administration and troubleshooting; and for other purposes. We will use
the aggregate and anonymous website usage statistics relating to all users to enhance
our website's functionality and performance.
Protecting Our Community
To protect our user community, we may use and disclose any information about you
to law enforcement, other government officials, or other third parties, as we in
our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate to address or resolve inquiries
or problems. We may also disclose such information to third parties as we believe
necessary or appropriate, in connection with any merger or consolidation with, or
sale of substantially all of our assets to, a third party, provided that such third
party agrees to comply with the privacy policy that applies to your Personal Information
and that appropriate notices are provided to you.
Use of Our Website is Your Choice
The products and services that we offer on the Grandy' s Website are entirely voluntary.
It is your choice to "opt-in" to participate in any of the services provided
therein.
Changing Your Information
If you have moved and/or changed email address, or otherwise need to update or verify
your personal information, please contact us at Grandy's, 624 Grassmere Park Drive, Suite 30, Nashville, TN 37211.
Upon your request, Grandy's will remove your personal
information from our active database as soon as reasonably possible, unless we need
to retain information for dispute resolution, troubleshooting and other valid legal
or business reasons. Please note that we will not remove your historical usage information
Policy Modifications
Grandy's may change this privacy policy from time to time. We will post any changes
here, so be sure to check back periodically.
Franchising
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Copyright © 2017 - Grandy's LLC
A special message from our CEO regarding Coronavirus (COVID-19)