https://greatnurses.com/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
31 Yeomalt Avenue Staten Island, NY 10312Customer Support Mailing List Top Bar1-800-331-6534Facebook
Home ProductsProducts By Media Products By Subject
Seminars1-Day CCRN Review CRAM Seminars 2-Day CCRN Review Seminars CEN Review Critical Care Essentials Enhancing Your Critical Care Skills Mastering Hemodynamic Monitoring & 12 Lead EKG Interpretation Private Seminars 12 Lead ECG Interpretation Made EZ
VacationsMontego Bay, Jamaica (Awards 6 CEU’s)
HandoutsCCRN 1 Day Cram (2020 Seminars by L. Vonfrolio) CCRN Day 1 Cram (2018 Seminars by Vonfrolio/Vaughan) CCRN Day 1 – L. Gasparis Vonfrolio CCRN Day 2 – L. Gasparis Vonfrolio 2019 LIVE CCRN ReviewDay 1: L Gasparis VonfrolioDay 2: L Taylor-Vaughan 12 Lead ECG Interpretation Made Easy!
CCRN OnlineCCRN HD Videos My Membership Account Logout
ArticlesFallFall 1992 Fall 1993 Fall 1994 Fall 1995 Fall 1996 Fall 1997
WinterWinter 1991 Winter 1992 Winter 1993 Winter 1994 Winter 1995 Winter 1997
SummerSummer 1992 Summer 1993 Summer 1994 Summer 1995 Summer 1996 Summer 1997 Summer 1998
Springspring 1992 Spring 1993 Spring 1994 Spring 1995 Spring 1996 Spring 1997 Spring 1998
Links
Privacy Statement
This site, www.GREATNURSES.COM, is owned by Education Enterprises.
GREATNURSES.COM policy is to respect and protect your privacy. Please read the following to learn about GREATNURSES.COM practices with respect to the collection, use, and disclosure of information collected online at any of the Web sites owned by Education Enterprises.
We reserve the right to change, modify, add, or remove provisions of this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted here. We encourage you to check this page from time to time, because your continued use of a GREATNURSES.COM following any changes to this Privacy Policy will be deemed to constitute your acceptance of such changes.
– Domestic U.S. Privacy Statement
– Addendum related to “Canadian Users”
Collection and Use of Information You Provide to Us
Personal Information
We will collect personal information about you, such as your name, e-mail address, and mailing address, when you provide it while on GREATNURSES.COM. You may provide this information when you are registering, redeeming an offer, entering sweepstakes or promotions on GREATNURSES.COM. The personal information you provide to GREATNURSES.COM Site may be combined with information you provide to Education Enterprises, with demographic and other information that is publicly available, or with other information about you that we may otherwise obtain.
Your personal information is used by GREATNURSES.COM to respond to your requests, tailor offerings to you, fulfill prizes, and communicate with you about products, services, and special offerings offered by GREATNURSES.COM or its marketing partners that may be of interest to you. From time to time, you may receive periodic mailings or emails from GREATNURSES.COM with information on new products or services, special promotions, or other offers from GREATNURSES.COM or its marketing partners. You may opt out of receiving such communications. We may also use your personal information for internal business purposes, such as analyzing and managing our businesses.
We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the GREATNURSES.COM Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as authorization of credit card transactions, order fulfillment and sweepstakes administration. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes.
Financial Information
GREATNURSES.COM may offer shopping services, member services or other features which request you to provide financial information such as account or credit card numbers.
GREATNURSES.COM will use your financial information to bill you for products and services or otherwise process your transaction. By making a purchase on GREATNURSES.COM Site, you consent to our providing your financial information to our service providers and to such third parties as we determine is necessary to process your transactions. These third parties may include the credit card companies and banking institutions used to process the transaction.
Demographic Information
We may also collect demographic information which you provide to us, such as your zip code, age or income level. We use your demographic information to tailor the GREATNURSES.COM to your interests. We may share demographic information on an aggregate basis with third parties.
Collection and Use of Information Automatically Collected
Internet Protocol
GREATNURSES.COM automatically collect the Internet Protocol addresses of its visitors. We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the GREATNURSES.COM Site, track the user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Cookies
GREATNURSES.COM may set and access “cookies” to collect information about how you use the GREATNURSES.COM Site. This information allows us to customize delivery of information. In addition, on occasion a GREATNURSES.COM Site may also set a “session cookie” to help us administer the GREATNURSES.COM Site. A session cookie expires when you close your browser, and does not retain any information about you after it expires.
Public Forums
GREAT NURSES may make available chat rooms, forums, and message boards. Please remember that any information you disclose in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal, financial or other information on any of these forums.
Other Disclosures of Your Information
Sale or Merger
If GREATNURSES.COM is sold to, or merges with, another company not owned by Education Enterprises, or declares bankruptcy, some or all of the information collected from you may be transferred to a third party as a result of the transfer of assets.
Legal Process
GREATNURSES.COM may disclose your information when we determine it is necessary to comply with applicable laws or protect the interests or safety of GREATNURSES.COM.
Opt-Out
We provide you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from GREATNURSES.COM. If you do choose to opt-out of such communications, you may:
• Send an email to afeduprn@aol.com
Access to Personal Information
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire your personally identifiable information to be contained in our data bank, you can request correction, updating or removal of personal data by e-mailing our afeduprn@aol.com.  However, these changes may not be effective immediately and may not be retroactive.
Security of Your Personal Information
Your privacy is extremely important to us; we exercise great care in providing secure transmission of your information from your computer to our servers. Unfortunately, no transmission of data over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. As soon as we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. When you transmit credit card information, we use industry standard, SSL (secure socket layer) encryption.
Links
GREATNURSES.COM may contain links to other Web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those Web sites. When you leave GREATNURSES.COM Site, you should read the privacy policies of each Web site that collects personally identifiable information.
Canadian Users
If you reside in Canada, this notice is intended to comply with the requirements of the federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) and any substantially similar provincial legislation. The use of the term “personal data” in this privacy policy refers to “personal information” as it is defined in PIPEDA.
Information collected on this site may be stored in, processed in, or accessed from locations outside of Canada, and some or all of these locations may have personal information and privacy laws and standards that are different from those in effect in Canada.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this GREATNURSES.COM Site, you can contact:
Education Enterprises
Attention: Laura GasparisVonfrolio RN, PhD
31 Yeomalt Avenue
Staten Island, NY 10312
(800) 331-6534
or you can e-mail us at: afeduprn@aol.com
Your Cart
Your Name*
Your Email*
Phone Number*
Your Message
Happy Customers
“Awesome! Love the examples they used.  I enjoy practice questions!  Thanks for the tips on how to take the exam.”
RN from Atlanta
“Very useful information that is straight to the point.  Love, love, love the commentary.  Makes it easier to learn it and relate.”
RN from Columbus
“Better than I expected!  Clear and straight to the point.  Both speakers are very entertaining!”
RN from Boston
“Great side stories to connect with lecture content.  It helps me remember easily.”
RN from New York
“Both speakers are very easy to understand and are knowledgeable and funny.”
RN from Los Angeles
“The side stories are excellent, it keeps the mood light and less stressful.”
RN from Atlanta
Go to Top