https://greenoxpallets.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Green Ox Pallet Technology, LLC (“Company” or “we” or “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy.  We prepared this Privacy Policy to describe our practices regarding the information (as defined below) we collect from users of our website, located at www.greenoxpallets.com, and use of our related services.  By submitting information through our website or through our related services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the processing of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
1.              Types of Information We Collect.
1.1           Information You Provide Us Directly.  If you email us or submit information through our “contact” page, we will collect information the information you submit, such as your first and last name, e-mail and mailing addresses, company information, phone number, and any comments or materials you submit.
1.2           Information Collected via Technology.  To make our website and related services more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) collect information from you, including browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.  We also use Cookies (as defined below) and navigational data to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the solutions and information for which you searched and which you viewed.  Like most Internet services, we automatically gather this information and store it in log files each time you visit our website.  “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing a web site.  We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our website.  Persistent Cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions.  If you choose to disable Cookies, some areas of our website may not work properly.
2.              Use of Your Data
2.1           General Use.  In general, information you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make, or to aid us in serving you better.  Company uses your information to provide improved administration of our website and services; improve the quality of experience when you interact with our website and services; send you administrative e-mail notifications; respond to your inquiries related to employment opportunities or other requests; send promotional communications; send upgrades and special offers related to our services and for other marketing purposes of Company; make telephone calls to you, from time to time, to respond to your requests or to solicit your feedback.
2.2           Creation of Anonymous Data.  We may create anonymous data records from information by excluding information (such as your name) that make the data personally identifiable to you.  We use this anonymous data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our services and improve site navigation.  Company reserves the right to use and disclose anonymous data to third party companies for any purpose in its discretion.
2.3           Feedback.  If you provide feedback on any of our services to us, we may use such feedback for any purpose, in accordance with our Terms of Use at www.greenoxpallets.com/terms.
3.              Disclosure of Your information
3.1           Affiliates.  We may share your information with any current or future parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, “Affiliates”).  We may share some or all of your information with these Affiliates, in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.  If another company acquires our company or our assets, that company will possess the information collected by it and us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
3.2           Other Disclosures.  Regardless of any choices you make regarding your information (as described below), Company may disclose information if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Company; or (b) protect or defend the rights or property of Company or users of the services.
4.              Third parties
4.1           Third Party Websites. Our provision of a link to any other website or location is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other website or location or its contents.  When you click on such a link, you will leave our site and go to another site.  During this process, another entity may collect information from you. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content.  Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of data after you click on links to such outside websites.
4.2           Disclosure to Third Party Service Providers.  Except as otherwise stated in this policy, we do not generally sell, trade, share, or rent the information collected from our services to other entities.  However, we may share your information with third party service providers to conduct quality assurance testing; or to provide technical or other support.  These third party service providers are required not to use your information other than to provide the services requested by Company.  You expressly consent to the sharing of your information with our contractors and other service providers for the sole purpose of providing services to you.
5.              Your Choices Regarding Your information
5.1           Choices.  We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your information.  We will periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our site or services and may contain advertisements for third party companies.  When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below).  Should you decide to opt-out of receiving future mailings, we may share your e-mail address with third parties to ensure that you do not receive further communications from third parties.  Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you emails related to transactions you make, or notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.
5.2           Changes to information.  You may change any of your information by emailing us at info@greenoxpallets.com. You may request deletion of your information by us, but please note that we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements).  When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.
6.              Security of Your information.  Company is committed to protecting the security of your information.  We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Despite these measures, you should know that Company cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with information and mistakes may happen.
7.              Dispute Resolution.  If you believe that Company has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Company by e-mail at info@greenoxpallets.com.  We will do our best to address your concerns.  If you feel that your complaint has been addressed incompletely, we invite you to let us know for further investigation.  If you and Company are unable to reach a resolution to the dispute, you and Company will settle the dispute exclusively under the rules of the American Arbitration Association (www.adr.org).
8.              A Note About Children.  We do not intentionally gather information about visitors who are under the age of 18.
9.              A Note to Users Outside of the United States.  Your information may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of information may be less stringent than the laws in your country.
10.           Changes to This Privacy Policy.  This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your information, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our website.  Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our site.  These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our website or services.  Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your information to provide us with your most current e-mail address. In any event, changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes.  Continued use of our website, or services, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
11.           Contact Information.  Company welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy.  Please e-mail us at info@greenoxpallets.com or contact us at the following address or phone number: 1.800.258.4669
Green Ox Pallet Technology, LLC
15334 E. Hinsdale Circle
Unit 1E
Centennial, CO  80112
This Privacy Policy was last revised on August 5, 2014.