https://grimesindustrial.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
The eGrimesDirect Logo
At Grimes Industrial Products Group, we are committed to providing our clients, customers, and members with exceptional service.  As providing this service involves the collection, use and disclosure of some personal and company information about our clients, customers, and members, protecting their personal and company information is one of our highest priorities.
While we have always respected our clients, customers, and members privacy and safeguarded their personal and company information, we have strengthened our commitment to protecting personal and company information.
We will inform our clients, customers, and members of why and how we collect, use and disclose their personal and company information, obtain their consent where required, and only handle their personal and company information in a manner that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in the circumstances
This Privacy Policy outlines the principles and practices we will follow in protecting clients’, customers’, and members’ personal and company information.  Our privacy commitment includes ensuring the accuracy, confidentiality, and security of our clients’, customers’, and members’ personal and company information and allowing our clients, customers, and members to request access to, and correction of, their personal and company information.
Policy 1 – Collecting Personal and Company Information
1.1  Unless the purposes for collecting personal and company information are obvious and the client, customer,  and member voluntarily provides his or her personal and company information for those purposes, we will communicate the purposes for which personal and company information is being collected, either orally or in writing, before or at the time of collection.
1.2  We will only collect client, customer, and member information that is necessary to fulfill the following purposes:
To verify identity;To verify creditworthiness;To identify client, customer, and member preferences;To open and manage an account;To deliver requested products and services;To send out membership information;To ensure a high standard of service to our clients, customers, and members;To meet regulatory requirements
Policy 2 – Consent
2.1  We will obtain client, customer, and member consent to collect, use or disclose personal information (except where, as noted below, we are authorized to do so without consent).
2.2  Consent can be provided in writing, electronically, or it can be implied where the purpose for collecting using or disclosing the personal information would be considered obvious and the client, customer, and member voluntarily provides personal and company information for that purpose.
2.3  Consent may also be implied where a client, customer, and member is given notice and a reasonable opportunity to opt-out of his or her personal and company information being used for mail-outs, the marketing of new services or products, fundraising and the client, customer, member does not opt-out.
2.4  Subject to certain exceptions (e.g., the personal and company information is necessary to provide the service or product, or the withdrawal of consent would frustrate the performance of a legal obligation), clients, customers, and members can withhold or withdraw their consent for Grimes Industrial Products Group to use their personal and company information in certain ways.  A client’s, customer’s, or member’s decision to withhold or withdraw their consent to certain uses of personal and company information may restrict our ability to provide a particular service or product.  If so, we will explain the situation to assist the client, customer, or member in making the decision.
2.5  We may collect, use or disclose personal and company information without the client’s, customer’s, or member’s knowledge or consent in the following limited circumstances:
When the collection, use or disclosure of personal and company information is permitted or required by law;When the personal and company information is available from a public source (e.g., a telephone directory);When we require legal advice from a lawyer;For the purposes of collecting a debt;To protect ourselves from fraud;To investigate an anticipated breach of an agreement or a contravention of law
Policy 3 – Using and Disclosing Personal and Company Information
3.1  We will only use or disclose client, customer, or member personal and company information where necessary to fulfill the purposes identified at the time of collection or for a purpose reasonable related to those purposes such as:
To conduct client, customer, or member surveys in order to enhance the provision of our services;To contact our clients, customers, and members directly about products and services that may be of interest
3.2  We will not use or disclose client, customer, or member personal and company information for any additional purpose unless we obtain consent to do so.
3.3  We will not sell client, customer, or member lists or personal and company information to other parties unless we have consent to do so.
Policy 4 – Retaining Personal and Company Information
4.1  If we use client, customer, or member personal and company information to make a decision that directly affects the client, customer, or member, we will retain that personal and company information for at least one year so that the client, customer, or member has a reasonable opportunity to request access to it.
4.2  Subject to policy 4.1, we will retain client, customer, or member personal and company information only as long as necessary to fulfill the identified purposes or a legal or business purpose.
Policy 5 – Ensuring Accuracy of Personal and Company Information
5.1  We will make reasonable efforts to ensure that client, customer, or member personal and company information is accurate and complete where it may be used to make a decision about the client, customer, or member or disclosed to another organization.
5.2  Clients, Customers, and Members may request correction to their personal and company information in order to ensure its accuracy and completeness.  A request to correct personal and company information must be made in writing and provide sufficient detail to identify the personal and company information and the correction being sought.
5.3  If the personal and company information is demonstrated to be inaccurate or incomplete, we will correct the information as required and send the corrected information to any organization to which we disclosed the personal and company information in the previous year.  If the correction is not made, we will note the clients’, customers’, or members’ correction request in the file.
Policy 6 – Securing Personal and Company Information
6.1  We are committed to ensuring the security of client, customer, or member personal and company information in order to protect it from unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification or disposal or similar risks.
6.2  The following security measures will be followed to ensure that client, customer, or member personal and company information is appropriately protected:
the use of user IDs;passwords;encryption;firewalls;restricting employee access to personal and company information as appropriate (i.e., only those that need to know will have access;contractually requiring any service providers to provide comparable security measures.
6.3  We will use appropriate security measures when destroying client’s, customer’s, or member’s personal and company information such as deleting electronically stored information.
6.4  We will continually review and update our security policies and controls as technology changes to ensure ongoing personal and company information security.
Share this:TweetPrintShare on TumblrPocketTelegramWhatsAppEmailScoop.itLike this:Like Loading...
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
%d bloggers like this: