https://grimesindustrial.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
The eGrimesDirect Logo
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.  These Terms & Conditions apply to Grimes Abrasives Limite, Grimes Industrial Products Group, eGrimesDirect, Grimes Web Media, Nexus Portal & all other Grimes Ventures commonly referred to inclusively as Grimes.
Shipping and Returns
Shipping charges are calculated based on the actual weight, distance traveled and type of shipping service you specify.
All shipments are F.O.B. shipping point. Shipping method is determined by the size and weight of each item. Items of differing size and weight may ship independently, by different methods, even if ordered together. Items that are large or heavy will be sent by truck.
Unless otherwise stated, freight and shipping fees will be charged for shipments using a carrier of our choice. Any extra charges incurred for additional services, such as customer’s carrier or special handling by the carrier, must be paid by the consignee. Items backordered from an order qualifying for prepaid shipping charges will be shipped prepaid. Title and risk of loss pass to the customer upon tender of shipment to the carrier.
Transit Time
When you place an order, we will estimate shipping and delivery dates based on the availability of your items and the shipping options you choose.
Return Policy
If you are not satisfied with a product, contact us within 30 days of receipt. A refund will be arranged excluding freight charges upon inspection. Custom-cut, custom built or special items are excluded. Returned merchandise must be shipped in original packaging, freight prepaid, unused, and in resalable condition and are subject to 15% restocking fee. BEFORE returning product, call (800) 268-0568 for a Return Merchandise Authorization. Grimes inspects all returns and reserves the right to refuse credits on damaged, misused or non-resalable items.
Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) All returns require an RMA number which must be arranged in advance at (800) 268-0568. Please have the following information on hand when calling:
Customer NameInvoice numberSerial number (if applicable)Reason for return
Your only obligation is the freight charge and stocking fee where applicable, provided your return is complete with original packaging, all documentation, warranty cards, cables etc. We reserve the right to authorize product returns after 30 days have passed from the invoice date. If the product is accepted after this period, it is subject to a 15% restocking fee and credit will be issued toward future purchase only.
For all returns, shipping and handling charges are non-refundable. The customer is responsible for shipping charges on the returned merchandise and should ship the product using a method that allows the package to be traced. The shipment should also be insured. If an order ships prior to the cancellation request, the customer is responsible for any freight charges incurred.  All custom product is non-returnable.
Limitations of Liability
In no event shall Grime or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates be liable for indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages including but not limited to loss of use, loss of data, loss of business or profits. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Warranty Limitations
Except as specifically set forth herein Grimes makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and disclaims all other warranties, including without limitation implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and conformity to models or samples. Some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties so these limitations may not apply to you. The warranties set forth herein give you specific legal rights and you may have other rights that vary from province to province.
Prices and quotes are subject to change without notice. Grimes is not responsible for typographical errors.
Copyright
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Grimes Abrasives Limited. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Grimes Abrasives Limited. Copyright 2016, Grimes Abrasives Limited ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Grimes Abrasives Limited or purchasing Grimes Abrasives Limited products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Grimes Abrasives Limited or to purchase Grimes Abrasives Limited products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Grimes Abrasives Limited. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names of Grimes Abrasives Limited used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Grimes Abrasives Limited
Warranty Disclaimer
This site and the materials and products on this site are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Grimes Abrasives Limited disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Grimes Abrasives Limited does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Grimes Abrasives Limited does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
Grimes Abrasives Limited shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Grimes Abrasives Limited has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical Errors
In the event that a Grimes Abrasives Limited product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Grimes Abrasives Limited reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Grimes Abrasives Limited reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Grimes Abrasives Limited shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Term; Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Grimes Abrasives Limited without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
Notice
Grimes Abrasives Limited may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Grimes Abrasives Limited.
Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Grimes Abrasives Limited or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization
Participation Disclaimer
Grimes Abrasives Limited does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Grimes Abrasives Limited is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Grimes Abrasives Limited reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Grimes Abrasives Limited in its sole discretion.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Grimes Abrasives Limited, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the “Service Providers”) from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Grimes Abrasives Limited may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Grimes Abrasives Limited, Grimes Abrasives Limited has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Grimes Abrasives Limited. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Grimes Abrasives Limited seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Share this:TweetPrintShare on TumblrPocketTelegramWhatsAppEmailScoop.itLike this:Like Loading...
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
%d bloggers like this: