https://grizzlyseals.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your
privacy, we provide this Privacy Policy, to explain our online information
practices and the choices you can make about the way in which your information
is collected and used on this website. Please see our Terms and Conditions for additional information applicable to your
use of our Website. By accessing or using any areas of our Website, you
expressly consent to the provisions of the Privacy Policy and to our
collection, storage, use, and disclosure of information obtained from you as
described in this Privacy Policy.The Information We CollectYou do not have to give us personally identifiable
information in order to access and browse our Website. However, while on our
Website, you may be able to order and buy products, enter promotions, fill out
an “information request” form, or otherwise communicate with us via email
and/or SMS/text messaging. In order to utilize, participate in or otherwise
access such products, services or other offerings, you may be required to
provide us with your personally identifiable information. This is information
that, alone or in combination with other information, allows us to identify
you.The types of
personal information we gather is: Name (First and Last)Telephone NumberAddressEmployee FilesLoan RecordsCredit Card NumbersEmail AddressesAutomatically
Collected Information:Date and Time of useOperating System InformationDevice InformationCrash ReportIf you provide us with your personally identifiable
information, you are giving us permission to use that information for the
specific purpose for which it is provided and for any other purpose described
in this Privacy Policy. This is described in detail below under “How We Use This Information”. Users unwilling
to provide personally identifiable information online can choose not to provide
such information. In some (but not all) situations users may be able to work
with a sales representative or customer service representative to utilize our
services or other site offerings without providing personally identifiable
information. Additionally, if you do provide us with your personally
identifiable information, you have the ability to prevent us from sharing this
information with any third parties as described in “Your Options Regarding Personally Identifiable Information”.We also may collect, store, and use certain
non-personally identifiable information we receive when you visit our Website
or otherwise communicate with us including via email and/or SMS/text messaging.
We may combine data and information provided by or collected from multiple
users (which may include you) in a manner that is not personally identifiable
to any individual user. All non-personally identifiable information we collect
and all compilations of data we create are our exclusive property. Nothing in
this Privacy Policy limits our right to use any such non-personally
identifiable or aggregated information in any way (including, but not limited
to, monitoring user traffic patterns, analyzing and quantifying user
preferences, improving the design and content of our Website, and enabling us
to personalize your user experience). This policy also does not prohibit us
from sharing non-personally identifiable or aggregated information with third
parties.How We Use This InformationInformation about our customers is an important part of
our business. We share personally identifiable information collected on our
Website with unaffiliated third parties only as described below. (Please see “Your Options Regarding Personally
Identifiable Information” below for information on how to avoid having your
personally identifiable information shared by us.)Business Providers
and Unaffiliated Businesses: At times, we may provide products, services or
offerings on our Website in cooperation with an unaffiliated third party. We
may share personally identifiable information that you provide in connection
with any such products, services or offerings with the unaffiliated third
party/parties involved in your particular product, service or offering. For
instance, when you express interest in products, services or other items that
we offer (for example, by completing a request for or information regarding
such services), we will share your request with the businesses with which we
partner to offer you those products, services and other offerings (collectively
known “Business Providers”). By electing to participate or otherwise expressing
interest in any such product, service, or offering conducted in conjunction
with any Business Provider, you inherently authorize us to provide your
personally identifiable information to those Business Providers.Please be aware that the Business Providers with whom we
share your personally identifiable information may retain or use your
information whether or not you use their services, and the privacy and
information sharing practices of such Business Providers may differ from those
described in this Privacy Policy. It is encouraged to read the privacy policy
of each third-party Business Provider. Additionally, we may share personally
identifiable information with unaffiliated third parties to whom you expressly
ask us to send your information. If you prefer not to be contacted by any such
Business Provider or other third party with whom we share your personally identifiable
information, you may follow the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in any
email you receive from any such third party. In addition, you may opt out of
our sharing your personally identifiable information with Business Providers
and other third parties by following the instructions described below under “Your Options Regarding Personally
Identifiable Information”.Third Party Service
Providers: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions
on our behalf. Examples may include fulfilling orders, sending
packages/shipments, sending e-mail, analyzing data, providing marketing
assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and
links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. In
connection with their performance of these functions on our behalf, we may
share personally identifiable information with such companies and individuals
as needed for them to perform their functions.Third Party
Promotions: We may send offers to selected groups of customers on behalf of
unaffiliated businesses that want to market their products or services to you,
and as part of these promotional offers we may sell or disclose some of your
personally identifiable information to such unaffiliated businesses. If you
prefer not to be contacted by any such business with whom we share your
personally identifiable information, you may follow the “unsubscribe”
instructions provided in any email you receive from any such third party. In
addition, you may opt out of our sharing your personally identifiable
information with such businesses by following the instructions described below
under “Your Options Regarding Personally
Identifiable Information”.In-House Promotions: We may on occasion combine information we receive online with outside records to enhance our ability to market our products and services that may be of interest to you. If you have signed up to receive our e-mails or newsletters and prefer not to receive marketing information from us, please follow the “unsubscribe” instructions provided on any marketing e-mail you receive from us or by following the instructions described below under “Unsubscribe Requests”.With Your Consent: Other than as set out
above, you will receive notice and have the opportunity to withhold consent
when personally identifiable information about you might be shared with
unaffiliated third parties.Your Options Regarding Personally Identifiable InformationYou may opt out of us sharing your personally
identifiable information with unaffiliated third parties by sending us an email
with “OPT OUT” in the subject line. This is not applicable for instances where
we believe the release of your personally identifiable information is necessary
to allow third party service provider functions on our behalf. This is also not
applicable when complying with law, enforcing our Website Terms and Conditions
and other agreements, or protecting the rights, property, and safety of our
company, our users, and others.Use of Cookies“Cookies” are simple text files stored on your computer
for use by a browser. Certain Website features may only be available through
the placement of a cookie. We use “cookies” to assist in data collection and to
track visitor Website usage and trends to help us better serve our customers in
the future. The use of cookies is a standard practice among Internet Websites,
as most Internet browsers permit a user to accept, decline, or delete cookies.If you do not wish to receive these cookies, you may set
your browser to reject the cookies (refer to your browser’s instructions on how
to do so), although this may affect your ability to make certain transactions
on our website.Below is a full
list of cookies for our site:CuvidThis cookie provides a unique ID to
determine the unique visitors to the siteCusidThis
cookie is used to establishes and continue a user sessionCuvonThis
cookie distinguishes the last time the user visited the pageNmstatThis
cookie collects statistics about the site usage and records visitors use on the
site_gatUsed
to control request rate_gidUsed to
recognize users_gaUsed
to determine unique usersASP.NET_SessionIdThis
cookie contains the user session ID. The cookie will expire when the browser is
closedCollection of Information by Third-Party Ad ServersOur Website may use a third-party ad server to present
the advertisements that you may see on our Website. These third-party ad
servers may use cookies, Web beacons, clear gifs, or similar technologies to
help present such advertisements and measure/research the advertisements’
effectiveness. The use of these technologies by these third-party ad servers is
subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by our Privacy Policy.
We strongly encourage the user to read these policies to become familiar with
them.Our Commitment to SecurityWe have in place what we believe to be reasonable
physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and maintain
security and prevent unauthorized access of the personal data collected through
our site. While such efforts are intended to ensure the confidentiality and
protection of your personally identifiable information available to us as a result
of your use of our website, we cannot completely guarantee the absolute
security of your personally identifiable information.How You Can Access or Correct InformationYou may request removal of or obtain information
regarding the personally identifiable information that you provide, or we
collect about you via our Website. You may also view and correct any errors of
your personally identifiable information. Access to personally identifiable
information that you provide, or we collect via our Website may be accessible
for a limited period of time after the point of collection. For example, if you
created a password-protected account within our Website, you may return to that
portion of the Website to review the personally identifiable information you provided.
Alternatively, you may request information or make corrections to your
personally identifiable information by sending an e-mail or letter to the
street or e-mail address of our business headquarters. Our contact information
can be found via the “Contact Us” page
accessible on our Website homepage.Usage TermsAccess to and use of this Website is conditioned on your
acceptance of and compliance to these terms and conditions.Unsubscribe RequestsTo unsubscribe from email communications from us, please
send us an email with “UNSUBSCRIBE” in the subject line.DisclaimerAs noted in this Privacy
Policy, we take our commitment to the protection of your privacy seriously.
However, nothing in this privacy policy is intended to create or provide any
right of action for violation.MiscellaneousAccess to and use of this Website is subject to
compliance with this Website’s Terms and
Conditions.This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of the area
in which our business is located. You hereby consent to the exclusive
jurisdiction and venue of state and federal courts located in that area for all
disputes arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy.You agree that any and all causes of action arising out
of or relating to this Privacy Policy shall be resolved individually, without
resort to any form of class action.If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds
any provision of this Privacy Policy, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable,
all other terms and conditions shall remain in full force and effect.We reserve the right to amend, change, modify, add to or
delete this Privacy Policy from time to time in any manner and for any reason.
Such amendments, changes, modifications, additions, or deletions shall be
effective immediately upon posting unless otherwise indicated.QuestionsIf you have any questions, please contact us:By email: marketing@grizzlyseals.comAddress: 19269 96th Ave, Surrey, BC, V4N 4C4ORBy visiting this page on our website: Contact UsTerms & ConditionsWelcome to Grizzly Supplies (hereafter referred to as “us”, “our” or “we”). To promote a safe, non-offensive environment for all visitors to our Website, we have established these “Terms and Conditions”. These terms and conditions apply to your access to and your use of this Website (the information, products, and services available through this Website). They also apply to our use of any communications or User Content (defined below) that you submit to us or post on this Website. By accessing or using any areas of our Website, you accept and agree to all of the terms and conditions herein. You also agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions, which form a legally binding agreement. If you do not agree to all of the Terms of Conditions, please do not use this Website.PrivacyThe information that we collect and the ways in which we
use such information is set forth in our Privacy
Policy. We strongly encourage users to read this policy before using our
site.General; Changes to Terms and ConditionsAll rights not expressly granted to you by us in these
Terms and Conditions are reserved to us. Thus, you acknowledge that you do not
acquire any ownership rights by accessing or downloading any material,
copyrighted or not, from this Website as authorized hereunder. We reserve the
right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders at our
discretion. Reasons for this include, but are not limited to, if we believe
that your conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to our interests or
businesses, or to our customers, affiliates, licensors, or licensees.We reserve the right to change these Terms and Conditions
(and our Privacy Policy) from time to time as we deem appropriate by posting
such changes on this Website as applicable. Any changes, modifications,
additions or deletions shall be effective immediately upon posting unless
otherwise indicated. We will not separately notify you that changes have been
made, regardless of the scope and importance of the changes. Thus, we encourage
you to periodically check back and review these Terms and Conditions so that
you will always know what terms and conditions apply to your access to and use
of this Website. Your continued use of this Website after such changes are
posted will be deemed to constitute your agreement to and acceptance of such
changes.Ownership; License; LimitationsThis Website, all content displayed on this Website, all
software, data, and information used to provide this Website, (including text
and images) are owned by us or our affiliates, licensors or licensees. They are
protected under worldwide patent, copyright, trademark and other applicable
laws and treaties, including, without limitation, applicable trade secret laws.
We grant you the limited and nonexclusive right and license to access or
download a single copy of the content from this Website solely for your
personal and non-commercial use as necessary in connection with the use of any
services available through this Website.Except as expressly authorized in these Terms and
Conditions, you may not modify, distribute, reproduce, display, or use this
Website or any elements thereof. Furthermore, reproduction, re-transmission or
re-presentation in any form, of any content within this Website is strictly
prohibited without our prior express written permission. You may not frame,
squeeze back, overlay, or employ other techniques to enclose or display this
Website, or any trademark, logo, content, or other proprietary information
(including images, text, page layout, or form) included on this Website, with
any other software or content of a third party. You may not use any meta tags
or any other “hidden text” utilizing our names or trademarks without our
express written consent. Furthermore, you may not decompile or disassemble, reverse
engineer or otherwise attempt to discover any source code contained in this
Website or the services offered herein.In addition to and not in limitation of any of the
foregoing limitations and restrictions, you are expressly prohibited from using
automated means, algorithm, device, or any manual process, to monitor, copy,
download or otherwise access data or content from this Website. A limited
exception to the foregoing limitations and restrictions is provided to general
purpose internet search engines and non-commercial public archives that use
such tools to gather information for the sole purpose of displaying hyperlinks
to this Website.This Website includes certain trademarks and service
marks owned by us and/or our affiliates or third parties. You agree not to
copy, use, or otherwise infringe upon these trademarks or service marks. You
further agree that you will not alter or remove any copyright, trademark, or
other notices from any website content.Use at Your Own RiskWe provide the content, information, and other materials
available through our Website for informational purposes only. You may use the
content, information, consumer reviews, data and materials from this Website
solely for your personal and non-commercial use. Before you act on any
information you have found on our Website, you should independently confirm any
facts that are important to your decision. If you rely on any content,
information, or other materials, products, or services available through our
website, you expressly agree that you do so at your own risk. You understand
that you are solely responsible for any damage or loss that you may occur as a
result of our content, information, or other materials, products, or services.Your AccountIf you become a member of this Website, you are
responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password.
You also agree to and accept sole responsibility for any and all activities
that occur under your account or password. You agree to notify us immediately
of any unauthorized use of your account or password, or any other breach of
security of which you become aware. However, you may be held liable for losses
incurred by us or any other user of, or visitor to, this Website due to someone
else using your account or password. Please see our Privacy Policy for further information regarding your account or
password.In order to purchase products or services from this
Website, you must be at least eighteen (18) years of age and use a credit card.
We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit
content, or cancel orders in the exercise of our sole discretion.LinksThis Website may provide links or references to third
party sites that we do not operate. Some of these sites may force you to leave
this Website or open an additional browser connecting you to the third-party
site. Any such links to third party sites are provided merely as a convenience
to the users of this Website. Thus, such links do not imply our endorsement of
such other third-party sites or the content contained therein. We disclaim all
liability with regard to your access to such linked websites. Your use of and
access to any other websites linked to this Website is at your own risk.
Furthermore, we have no responsibility for the content of such third-party
sites and shall not be liable for any damages or injury arising from that
content or your use, reliance on, or access to such third-party sites. For
information about third party websites, we encourage you to consult the
specific terms of use and privacy policies of such other websites.Images, Logos, Trademarks, and Copyright:The images, logos, copy, and trademarks contained in this site, including but not limited to the text, images, audio or video, may not be used in any manner, or for any purpose, without the express written consent of Grizzly Supplies. Some files may be used is they are believed to be in the public domain or used with permission of the respective trademark or copyright holder. Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns about site content.Acceptance of Orders:The receipt of an e-mail order confirmation does not constitute the acceptance of an order or a confirmation of an offer to sell. Grizzly Supplies reserves the right, without prior notification, to limit the order quantity on any item and/or refuse service to any customer. Verification of information may be required prior to the acceptance of any order. By placing a credit card order, the customer grants Grizzly Supplies permission to contact their bank to verify name and address.Notification of Claims of InfringementWe respect the rights of all copyright holders and have
adopted/implemented a policy that provides for the removal of content from this
Website under certain circumstances. If you believe that your work has been
copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our
Copyright Agent the following information required by the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act:A physical or electronic signature of a person
authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed;Identification of the copyrighted work claimed
to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online
site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works
at that site;Identification of the material that is claimed
to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity, and information
reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;Information reasonably sufficient to permit us
to contact the complaining party (e.g., address, telephone number and email
address);A statement that the complaining party has a
good faith belief that use of the material is unauthorized;A statement that the information in the
notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining
party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.Disclosure of Your Information; Violation of These Terms and ConditionsWe may disclose any information we have about you
(including your identity) if we determine that such disclosure is necessary in
connection with any investigation or complaint regarding your use of this
Website. We may also do so to identify, contact, or bring legal action against
you or anyone else who may be causing injury to or interference with (either
intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, or the rights or
property of visitors to or users of this Website, including our customers. We
reserve the right at all times to disclose any information that we deem
necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or
governmental request. We also may disclose your information when we determine
that applicable law requires or permits such disclosure, including exchanging
information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection
purposes.You acknowledge and agree that we may preserve and store
any communication by you with us through this Website or any service offered on
or through this Website. You also agree that we may disclose such data if
required to do so by law or if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably
necessary to comply with legal process or enforce these Terms and Conditions.
We may also disclose this data to respond to claims that any such data violates
the rights of others, or to protect our rights, our affiliates, employees,
users of this Website, or the public.Without limiting any other portion of these Terms and
Conditions, you agree that we may, at our sole discretion and without prior
notice, terminate your access to our Website and/or block your future access to
our Website if we determine that you have violated these Terms and Conditions
or other guidelines. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies we
may have at law or in equity.Disclaimer of WarrantiesYou agree that our website and all content, information,
materials, products, and services available through our website are provided by
us on an “as is” basis. This means that they may possess no warranty of any
kind, either express or implied, and that your use of our website is entirely
at your own risk. Without limitation, we, our affiliates, licensors, and
licensees specifically disclaim any and all warranties, express or implied by
statute or otherwise. This includes warranties of merchantability, fitness for
a particular purpose, and non-infringement, with respect to this website and
your use thereof.Limitation of LiabilityNeither we, our affiliates, licensors, or licensees shall
have any liability for any errors, inaccuracies, omissions, or other defects in
the content, information, or other materials available through our website. In
no event shall we, or our affiliates, licensors, or licensees be liable to you
or anyone else for any damages (other than direct damages) arising out of your
access to or use of, materials, products, or services within or otherwise
available through our website or our use of any materials that you provide to
us. In no event shall we, our affiliates, licensors, or licensees be liable to
you or anyone else for any special, indirect, consequential, punitive,
exemplary, or similar damages whatsoever, even if we or any such other person
has been advised of the possibility of such damages.As some areas may not allow the exclusion or limitation
of liability for consequential or incidental damages, some of these limitations
may not apply to you.IndemnityYou hereby agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless
us, and our affiliates, licensors and licensees, from and against any and all
claims, costs, demands, losses, damages and expenses. This includes, without
limitation, attorneys’ fees arising from or relating to your breach of these
Terms and Conditions or any matter for which you are responsible or liable
under the terms of these Terms and Conditions. This also applies to third party
claims with respect to our use of any materials that you provide to us,
including, but not limited to, infringement of copyright, proprietary rights,
or any other claims, or any dispute between you and any third party.MiscellaneousYour use of our Website for spamming is strictly
prohibited. By using our Website, you agree not to use information concerning
other users of our Website, or any items such users have listed or searched for
on our Website (including listing information, user names, email addresses,
telephone numbers, and/or other information), for any purpose that is not
expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions. You may not post information
directed to or collect personal information from any minor.These Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of the
area in which we operate. You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and
venue of the area in which we operate, for all disputes arising out of or
relating to these Terms and Conditions, our Privacy Policy, the use of our
Website. Content, information, materials, products, or services within or
otherwise available through our Website are not authorized in any jurisdiction
that does not give effect to all provisions of these Terms and Conditions,
including without limitation this paragraph. You agree that no joint venture,
partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and us as a
result of these Terms and Conditions or your use of our Website and the content
and services available through it.You agree that all notices, disclosures, and other
communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement
that such communications would in writing.You shall use our Website and the content, information,
materials, products, and services within or otherwise available through our
Website for lawful purposes only. Any conduct by you that in our judgment and
discretion restricts or inhibits any other person from using our Website will
not be permitted.You agree that any and all causes of action arising out
of or relating to our Website or the content, information or other materials,
products or services within or otherwise available through our Website shall be
resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action.If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds
any provision of these Terms and Conditions, or portion thereof, to be
unenforceable, all other terms and conditions shall remain in full force and
effect.Our failure to enforce any provision of these Terms and
Conditions will not be deemed a waiver of future enforcement of that or any
other provision of these Terms and Conditions.These Terms and Conditions, together with our Privacy
Policy, constitute the entire agreement between the parties regarding the
subject matter hereof.QuestionsIf you have any questions, please contact us:By email: marketing@grizzlyseals.comAddress: 19269 96 Ave, Surrey, BC, V4N 4C4ORBy visiting this page on our website: Contact UsLast Updated: January 10, 2020Seal Kits By BrandCaterpillar® Seal KitsDemag® Seal KitsEuclid® Seal KitsHitachi® Seal KitsJohn Deere® Seal KitsKomatsu® Seal KitsLetourneau® Seal KitsLiebherr® Seal KitsO&K® Seal KitsSamsung® Seal KitsFace Seals By BrandCaterpillar® Face SealsHitachi® Face SealsJohn Deere® Face SealsKobelco® Face SealsKomatsu® Face SealsO&K® Face SealsTerex® Face SealsVolvo® Face Seals
HomeAbout usIndustries We SupportAgricultureConstructionDrilling & ShoringGrout PlantsRock DrillingTrenchingEnergy & UtilityFood and BeverageForestryManufacturingMarine and IntermodalMaterial HandlingMiningPharmaceuticalProductsReplacement Seal KitsCaterpillar® Seal KitsDemag® Seal KitsEuclid® Seal KitsHitachi® Seal KitsJohn Deere® Seal KitsKomatsu® Seal KitsLetourneau® Seal KitsLiebherr® Seal KitsO&K® Seal KitsSamsung® Excavator Seal KitsTerex® Seal KitsToyota® Forklift Seal KitsVolvo® Seal KitsSAP Face SealsCaterpillar® Face SealsHitachi® Face SealsJohn Deere® Face SealsKobelco® Face SealsKomatsu® Face SealsO&K® Face SealsTerex® Face SealsVolvo® Face SealsSKF Oil SealsCustom MachiningHuskey Specialty LubricantsMolded Rubber ProductsCustom GasketsLiteratureBlogContact Us