http://groovehouse.com/privacy_policy
GrooveHouse
blog
request a quote
1-888-476-6838
products
CD & DVD Replication
Short Run CD & DVD Duplication
Vinyl Pressing
DIY Packaging
Posters & Postcards
Download Cards
design services
Graphic Design
DVD Authoring
prepare your order
Start an Order
Design Specs
Mastering Specs
Copyright & Licensing
templates
Download Templates
Design Specs
Design Tips & FAQs
Logos, Fonts & Forms
Upload Your Files
about us
Reasons to Use GrooveHouse
Testimonials
Our Clients
Company History
Eco-Friendly Company Practices
GrooveHouse Blog
help
Contact Us
FAQs
Preferred Partners
Resources
GrooveHouse Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this Privacy Policy, which
explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your
information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect
When you browse the Groove House Records web site, we do not collect personal information,
including your email address. We also do not register domain information.
You have the option of filling out an online form to request more information about our services.
The types of personal information collected on this form include:
Name / Company Name
Address
E-mail address
Phone number
Comments
We do not set cookies when you visit our site. (Cookies are small items of data that some websites
either write to your hard drive upon your visit to their site(s) or store in the browser.)
How We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order to complete that order. We
will not share this information with outside parties. We may use your contact information to
communicate with you, for example, to notify you of Groove House Records special offers you might
find of interest.
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
We will never give, sell, or rent your personal information to any other company.
We may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our
privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy
changes to our web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of
these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at
our web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it
was originally collected by contacting us at the address below.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mailing us at the address below.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or
maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our
website is structured to attract anyone under 13. The content on our website is "family-friendly."
Security
With respect to security, we have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to
protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our
site.
How to Contact Us
Should you have questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please email us at:
webmaster@groovehouse.com
Last updated: January 1, 2009
Client Raves
“The CD sounds gorgeous, and the artwork looks great!”
- Wendy W, New York, NY
CD PRODUCTS
CD Digipaks
CD Jackets & Wallets
Jewel Case CD Packaging
Bulk CD Replication
Short Run CD Duplication
DVD PRODUCTS
DVD Digipaks
DVD Jackets & Wallets
DVD Case Packaging
Bulk DVD Replication
Short Run DVD Duplication
MORE PRODUCTS
Vinyl Pressing
Blank CD/DVD Sleeves & Wallets
Blank Discs & Supplies
Posters & Postcards
Download Cards
SUPPORT
Contact Us
Request a Quote
FAQs
Privacy Policy
RSS 2.0
LATEST BLOG POST
Get Vinyl Records in 7-8 Weeks!
Sign Up for Email Updates & Promotions
Telephone: 1-888-476-6838
Fax: 1-818-883-8386
© 2020 Groove House Records, Inc. | A CD & DVD Manufacturing Company 5029 Serrania Avenue Woodland Hills, CA 91364