http://group.saargummi.com/en/dataprivacynotice
Skip to main contentSearch formSearchWebsite Data Privacy NoticeCQLT SaarGummi Technologies S.à r.l. and its group companies („SaarGummi“) respects your right to privacy. This Privacy Notice explains who we are, how we collect, share and use personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. This Privacy Notice only applies to personal information that we collect through our website at group.saargummi.com, automotive.saargummi.com, construction.saargummi.com, neo.saargummi.com („Website“).
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, then please contact us using the contact details provided at the bottom of this Privacy Notice.We recommend that you read this Privacy Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed.  However, if you only want to access a particular section of this Privacy Notice, then you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section.
What does SaarGummi do?
What personal information does SaarGummi collect and why?
Who does SaarGummi share my personal information with?
Legal basis for processing personal information
Cookies and similar tracking technology
How does SaarGummi keep my personal information secure?
International data transfers
Your data protection rights
Updates to this Privacy Notice
How to contact us
What does SaarGummi do?SaarGummi is a developer and manufacturer of sealing systems for the automotive and construction industries headquartered in Luxembourg but with group companies all around the world.  What personal information does SaarGummi collect and why?The personal information that we may collect about you broadly falls into the following categories:
Information that you provide voluntarilyCertain parts of our Website may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily: for example, we may ask you to provide your contact details i.e. your name, e-mail address and telephone number in order to register an account with us, to subscribe to marketing communications from us, and/or to submit enquiries to us. . The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
Information that we collect automaticallyWhen you visit our Website, we may collect certain information automatically from your device.  In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area, this information may be considered personal information under applicable data protection laws.Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include information like your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location) and other technical information.  We may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our Website, including the pages accessed and links clicked.Collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our Website, where they come from, and what content on our Website is of interest to them.  We use this information for our internal analytics purposes and to improve the quality and relevance of our Website to our visitors.Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading “Cookies and similar tracking technology” link below.
Information that we obtain from third party sourcesFrom time to time, we may receive personal information about you from third party sources (including marketing list providers), but only where we have checked that these third parties either have your consent or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your personal information to us.  The types of information we collect from third parties include your email address and we use the information we receive from these third parties to maintain and improve the accuracy of the records we hold about you.In general, we will use the personal information we collect from you only for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice or for purposes that we explain to you at the time we collect your personal information.  However, we may also use your personal information for other purposes that are not incompatible with the purposes we have disclosed to you (such as archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes, or statistical purposes) if and where this is permitted by applicable data protection laws.
Who does SaarGummi share my personal information with?We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
to our group companies, third party services providers and partners who provide data processing services to us (for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Website), or who otherwise process personal information for purposes that are described in this Privacy Notice or notified to you when we collect your personal information. A list of our current group companies is available here.
to any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person;
to an actual or potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Notice;
to any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
Legal basis for processing personal informationOur legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal information from you only (i) where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, (ii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights, or (iii) where we have your consent to do so.  In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contact with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information).  If we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), this interest will normally be to operate our platform and communicating with you as necessary to provide our services to you and for our legitimate commercial interest, for instance, when responding to your queries, improving our platform, undertaking marketing, or for the purposes of detecting or preventing illegal activities. We may have other legitimate interests and if appropriate we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below [link].Cookies and similar tracking technology The provider uses cookies in order to make visits to the website more attractive and enable certain functions to be used. So-called 'cookies' are small text files which your browser can download on your computer. This process of downloading a cookie file is also referred to as 'placing a cookie'. You yourself can set your browser in accordance with your own wishes in such a way that you can be informed about the placing of cookies, decide whether to accept them or not on a case-to-case basis or decide whether to accept or reject them as a matter of basic principle. Cookies can be deployed for various purposes, for example in order to recognize that your PC has already been connected to a given website (persistent cookies) or in order to save sites recently viewed (session cookies). The provider deploys cookies in order to offer you greater user convenience. In order to be able to avail yourself of these convenience functions, you are recommended to allow the acceptance of cookies for this website. For further information about the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our Cookie Notice link.How does SaarGummi keep my personal information secure?We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process about you.  The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information.  Once all the technical and organizational options have been exercised, your personal information will be saved in such a way that they are not accessible to third parties. In communication by e-mail, however, full data security cannot be guaranteed by the provider, for which reason dispatch by post or courier is recommended for information that is highly confidential.International data transfersYour personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident.  These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country and, in some cases, may not be as protective.Specifically, our Website servers are located in within the European Union, and our group companies and third party service providers and partners operate around the world.  This means that when we collect your personal information we may process it in any of these countries.However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Notice. These include implementing Binding Corporate Rules / the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect personal information they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law.  Data retentionWe retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).  When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. Your data protection rightsYou have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
In addition, you can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time.  You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you.  To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), then please contact us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time.  Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the rigtht to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information.  For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.Updates to this Privacy NoticeWe may update this Privacy Notice from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Notice, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make.  We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Notice changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws. You can see when this Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Notice.  How to contact usPlease address any questions or requests relating to about our use of your personal information data.privacy[at]saargummi.com.The data controller of your personal information is CQLT SaarGummi Technologies S.à r.l.LocationsFind LocationsCorporate websitesSG AutomotiveSG ConstructionSG NeoCareerSitemapCompanyCorporate profileManagementOur identityResponsibilityCode of conductSupplier managementQuality managementEnvironment & sustainabilitySafety & healthCorporate divisionsSaarGummi GroupSaarGummi AutomotiveSaarGummi ConstructionSaarGummi NeoLocationsResearch & developmentProcess developmentProduct developmentResearchPressPress releasesPress materialPress contactsealing the future.DownloadImprintData Privacy NoticeCookiesDownloadssealing the future.
This website uses cookies for analytics and functionality, and advertising purposes. To change your cookie settings or find out more, click here.
If you continue browsing our website, you accept these cookies.Close