https://gtaudio.com/privacy-policy/
INTRODUCTIONThis website (’Site’) is owned and operated by G T Audio, a British company wholly owned by G T Audio (the terms ‘us’ ‘our’ and ‘we’ being construed accordingly).This Privacy Policy sets out the basis on which your personal data may be collected, used and shared by us when you purchase products from us or otherwise interact with our Site. It also provides information on the legal rights that you have with regard to your personal data. The phrase ‘personal data’ means any information or data that can be used to identify you as an individual, and may include but is not limited to your name, age or date of birth, physical or email address, phone number, and other biographical information that relates to you personally.YOU SHOULD REVIEW THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY NOTICE BEFORE SUBMITTING ANY PERSONAL DATA TO US. BY SUBMITTING YOUR PERSONAL DATA TO US OR MAKING IT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO SUCH PERSONAL DATA BEING USED OR SHARED AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS SITE.Please note that we may update this Privacy Policy from time to time without notice, so you should regularly check for the latest version when you access our Site. What is this Privacy Policy for?We respect the privacy of our Site users and any account holders.In handling personal data that you provide we will comply with applicable data protection and privacy laws. Although legal requirements vary worldwide, our aim is to provide protection for your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy no matter where that information is collected, transferred, or retained.We may provide links from our Site to other sites operated by third parties who may provide services to you directly or on our behalf. The terms of use and privacy policies of these third party sites will be different from this privacy notice and will govern any interaction on those sites. You should check the terms of use and privacy policy of that website to find out more. Use of Your Personal dataWe may receive personal data about you either from you directly or through you posting personal data on this Site.Although your use of our Site is subject to this Privacy Policy, please remember that because of the public nature of the web, we may not be able to control how your personal profile or other information that you decide to make available on the Site is used by others, and that such information may become freely available without any fault or liability on our part.You should post any information about you and in particular other people on the Site with caution and, specifically, you must not post any data or information which is confidential or where its disclosure is likely to cause damage, offence or distress to others.IF YOU PROVIDE OR MAKE PERSONAL DATA AVAILABLE TO US, THIS WILL PRIMARILY BE PROCESSED ON COMPUTER SERVERS LOCATED IN THE UNITED KINGDOM. HOWEVER, IN SOME CASES (WHERE NECESSARY) SUCH INFORMATION MAY BE TRANSMITTED OR MADE AVAILABLE TO (I) OUR EMPLOYEES OR SERVANTS OR THIRD-PARTIES PROVIDING SERVICES TO US OR ON OUR BEHALF; OR (II) PRODUCT MANUFACTURERS, LICENSORS AND/OR SUPPLIERS, LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANOTHER TERRITORY OUTSIDE THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA). YOU SHOULD NOTE THAT AT PRESENT, THE UNITED STATES AND SOME COUNTRIES OUTSIDE THE EEA ARE NOT VIEWED AS HAVING DATA PROTECTION LAWS MEETING LEGAL STANDARDS REQUIRED UNDER EUROPEAN DATA PROTECTION LAW. PLEASE NOTE THAT BY SUBMITTING YOUR PERSONAL DATA TO US, WE ASSUME THAT YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THIS TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA OUTSIDE THE EEA.The personal data you submit may be used for the following purposes:2.1 to allow you to access the Site and its contents.2.2 to enable you to set up an account in connection with your purchase of any products and services available on the Site from time to time, subject also to our Terms and Conditions of Purchase.2.3 to process any payments that you make in relation to the above (including your billing information and credit card details) and where necessary, we may provide this data to external parties for fraud or credit checking purposes.2.4 to facilitate the renewal of any subscriptions for any parts of the Site (if applicable).2.5 for the running of any promotions (subject to other terms and conditions applicable to such promotions).2.6 to provide you with effective customer service and/or technical support.2.7 to monitor Site use or purchasing patterns on an aggregated and anonymous basis.2.8 to provide you with marketing communications, product announcements and special offers.2.9 to allow us and our carefully selected partners to send you promotional emails.2.10 to permit you to participate in online surveys, assuming you agree to provide such information in connection with these surveys.2.11 to improve our Site and any related products or services and for other purposes as may be notified to you from time to time (subject to applicable legal requirements).In doing the above, we will take reasonable steps to ensure any person or entity receiving personal data for the purposes described above, is also obliged to protect and secure your personal data in accordance with applicable law. Mobile ServicesWhere you participate in the members’ area or access this Site through your mobile phone or another mobile device, in addition to the above information we may also collect information relating to your device, phone network or location. Management of Personal dataWe endeavour to keep all personal data that we hold accurate and up-to-date. If you find that your personal data is not accurate, please let us know in writing. Without prejudice to your rights of access and other rights in relation to your personal data under applicable law, we will investigate your concerns after we receive your inquiry and if necessary make the required corrections, additions and/or deletions. CookiesWe may use ‘cookies’ and other tracking technologies in connection with our Site. A ‘cookie’ is a small text file that may be transferred to your computer or mobile device when you use this Site. Cookies are used to enable a web site to be customised to meet user preferences or improve a user’s viewing experience, for example, by remembering log-in details. Subject to your agreement, a cookie may be sent to your computer or mobile device and will then remember this computer or device next time you visit the Site.A cookie in no way gives us access to any confidential information about you and you can usually choose to accept or decline cookies through the settings on your web-browser (e.g. Internet Explorer).If you refuse to accept cookies, this may prevent you from taking full advantage of all the features on this Site.BY CONSENTING TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE AND USING THIS SITE YOU EXPLICITLY CONSENT TO OUR USE OF THESE COOKIES. IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO RECEIVE COOKIES, THEN PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SITE. Collecting and Sharing your Personal DataWe may collect personal data either from you directly or through any account data or other personal information that you post on our Site.We may also employ other companies to provide services to us in connection with processing of transactions or after sales services if you purchase our products or services. We may use third party providers to transport and deliver products, process credit card payments, carry out fraud prevention or credit checks, provide IT or website support, manage our electronic messaging or email system, analyse data, provide marketing assistance or customer support services, and otherwise provide services to allow us to serve you. Please note that these organisations may need access to your personal data to enable them to fulfil these obligations. We will not however sell or rent your personal data to any third parties unless we have your consent.We may be required to respond to court orders or be asked to respond to other requests for your personal data from the police, law enforcement agencies or government authorities. We may not be able to provide you with notice of such requests. We will release personal data to third parties when we believe it is appropriate for us to do so in order to comply with the law or for fraud checking purposes. We may also release information if necessary to protect the personal safety of our employees, agents, other Site users or the public in general. We also reserve the right (without notifying you) to report any user activities that we believe may be illegal or criminal to our legal advisers, the police, law enforcement agencies or government authorities.In the event that we merge our business with another or sell all or part of our business or assets to another entity, or are acquired or enter into a business combination with another entity, then in doing so, we may disclose some or all of your personal data to that entity in order that the new or continuing business can continue to serve you. Third Party SitesOur Site may contain links to third party websites (‘Third Party Sites’). We do not have any control over such Third Party Sites to which we link and we cannot be held responsible for the privacy of any personal information which you provide after you have used any link on our Site to visit these Third Party Sites. You should exercise caution and look for any applicable privacy statement or notices appearing on such Third Party Site. SecurityIn order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure of your personal data, we will put in place and maintain appropriate physical and technical procedures to protect the personal data that we collect and store against unauthorised or unlawful processing, or loss, destruction or damage.We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal data from external threats, however, please be aware that there are inherent security risks of sending information by public networks or on public computers and we cannot therefore 100% guarantee the security of any data disclosed or transmitted over the internet.Where you open an account you may be provided with log-in information and a password to access a personal account page. Where we do so, it is on the condition that you will be responsible for ensuring that such log-in information and any passwords are kept secure and confidential at all times. You will not share any log-in information or passwords, without our express authorisation. We cannot be responsible for any loss or damage caused by your negligence, misuse of log-in details or your decision to share account access with others. Your Legal RightsThis Privacy Policy does not affect any rights that you have in relation to your personal data under applicable law where these rights cannot be excluded or restricted by contract.Please inform us if you do not want your personal data to be used for direct marketing purposes. Also, if you previously agreed to us using your personal data for direct marketing, you are free to change your mind at any time by writing to us at the address below.If you believe that any personal data that we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can also notify us at any time. You have the right to request information regarding the personal data which we hold about you in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. Please note that in relation to such a request, a small administration fee may be payable and we may ask for further information to clarify your request or verify your identity before releasing any information.If you would like to a request in relation to any of the above please send a written notice to the following address:
(a) By post: G T Audio, 5 Upper Road, Higher Denham, Bucks, UB9 5EJ, United Kingdom or
(b) By email:
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OKRead more