https://guardianhealthcare.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Contact Us
Job Search
My Guardian
Blog
Employment Verification
Apply Now
Privacy Policy
Guardian Healthcare Providers
Last Updated 2/28/2020
Welcome to the website (the “Site”) of Guardian healthcare Providers. (“Guardian Healthcare,” “Guardian”, “we,” “us,” or “our”). Guardian Healthcare Providers provides travel nursing recruitment services (collectively, including the Site, the “Service”).
This Privacy Policy explains what Personal Data (defined below) we collect, how we use and share that data, and your choices concerning our data practices.
Before using the Service or submitting any Personal Data to Guardian Healthcare Providers, please review this Privacy Policy carefully and contact us if you have any questions. By using the Service, you agree to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not access the Site or otherwise use the Service.
1. PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
We collect information that alone or in combination with other information in our possession could be used to identify you (“Personal Data”) in a variety of ways, including but not limited to applications, questionnaires, and personal interactions. The Personal Data collected during these interactions varies based on what you choose to share with us, but it may include the following:
Identification Data: Your name, current and prior postal addresses, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name and password, Social Security number, driver’s license number, and passport number.
Customer Record Data: Your name, signature, Social Security number, birthdate, physical characteristics or description (including photographs), address (current and previous), telephone number, emergency contact information, dependents’ Personal Data, professional license or credential numbers and information, trust names, background check information (including credit reports, county and criminal search history, liens and judgments check, national criminal database and sex offender registry checks), passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, motor vehicle driving record, insurance policy number, bank account number and other financial information, health insurance information, and birth and marriage certificates. Note that some Personal Data included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Demographic Data: Your age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, physical or mental disability status, sex (including gender, gender identity, and gender expression), , sexual orientation, and veteran or military status, .
Medical Data: Your genetic information (including familial genetic information), blood titers, drug screens, vision test results, vaccination history, and information related to physical examinations such as height, weight, temperature, blood pressure, and medical conditions and diagnoses (including HIV and AIDS and pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions).
Biometric Data: Your fingerprints.
Geolocation Data: Your physical location or movements and an estimate of your location based on your Internet Protocol address.
Sensory Data: Your mask test results, which may indicate whether or not you can detect a smell while wearing a mask.
Employment Data: Your current or past job history or performance evaluations and performance related documentation, such as but not limited to, performance improvement plans, written warnings, documented conversations and termination paperwork, employment application data, professional designations, civil, regulatory, criminal, financial, arbitration, termination and Customer Complaint Disclosure items (history), signed contracts, policies, personal brokerage accounts and employment pursuit.
Educational Data: Your education records, such as grades, transcripts, degrees, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
Social Media Data: We have pages on social media sites like Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn (“Social Media Pages”). When you interact with our Social Media Pages, we will collect Personal Data that you elect to provide to us, such as your contact details. In addition, the companies that host our Social Media Pages may provide us with aggregate information and analytics regarding the use of our Social Media Pages.
Internet Activity Data: When you visit, use, and interact with the Service, we may receive certain information about your visit, use, or interactions. For example, we may monitor the number of people that visit the Service, peak hours of visits, which page(s) are visited, the domains our visitors come from (e.g., google.com, yahoo.com, etc.), and which browsers people use to access the Service (e.g., Chrome, Firefox, Microsoft Internet Explorer, etc.), broad geographical information, and navigation pattern. We may collect your browsing, search, and email histories. In particular, the following information is created and automatically logged in our systems:
Log data: Information that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit the Site (“log data”). Log data includes your Internet Protocol address, browser type and settings, the date and time of your request, and how you interacted with the Site.
Cookies: Please see the “Cookies” section below to learn more about how we use cookies.
Device information: Includes name of the device, operating system, and browser you are using. Information collected may depend on the type of device you use and its settings.
Usage Information: We collect information about how you use our Service, such as the types of content that you view or engage with, the features you use, the actions you take, and the time, frequency, and duration of your activities.
Cookies: We use cookies to operate and administer our Site, gather usage data on our Site, and improve your experience on it. A “cookie” is a piece of information sent to your browser by a website you visit. Cookies can be stored on your computer for different periods of time. Some cookies expire after a certain amount of time, or upon logging out (session cookies), others survive after your browser is closed until a defined expiration date set in the cookie (as determined by the third party placing it), and help recognize your computer when you open your browser and browse the Internet again (persistent cookies). For more details on cookies please visit All About Cookies.
Your Choices. On most web browsers, you will find a “help” section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive a notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off. Please see the links below for guidance on how to modify your web browser’s settings on the most popular browsers:
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
Apple Safari
Please note that if you limit the ability of websites to set cookies, you may be unable to access certain parts of the Site and you may not be able to benefit from the full functionality of the Site.
Advertising networks may use cookies to collect Personal Data. Most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources at http://www.networkadvertising.org and follow the opt-out instructions there.
If you access the Site on your mobile device, you may not be able to control tracking technologies through the settings.
Email Pixels: We use pixels in our email campaigns that allow us to collect your email and IP address as well as the date and time you open an email or click on any links in the email.
Analytics: We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use the Site and enhance your experience when you use the Site. For more information on how Google uses this data, go to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
2. HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATA
We may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide the Service;
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including employment contracts;
To verify employment eligibility and conduct background checks;
To respond to your inquiries, comments, feedback, or questions;
To send administrative information to you, for example, information regarding the Service and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies;
To analyze how you interact with our Service;
To maintain and improve the content and functionality of the Service;
To develop new products and services;
To prevent fraud, criminal activity, or misuses of our Service, and to ensure the security of our IT systems, architecture, and networks; and
To comply with legal obligations and legal process and to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or other third parties.
Aggregated Information. We may aggregate Personal Data and use the aggregated information to analyze the effectiveness of our Service, to improve and add features to our Service, and for other similar purposes. In addition, from time to time, we may analyze the general behavior and characteristics of users of our Services and share aggregated information like general user statistics with prospective business partners. We may collect aggregated information through the Service, through cookies, and through other means described in this Privacy Policy.
Marketing. We may use your Personal Data to contact you to tell you about products or services we believe may be of interest to you. For instance, if you elect to provide your email or telephone number, we may use that information to send you special offers. You may opt out of receiving emails by following the instructions contained in each promotional email we send you. In addition, if at any time you do not wish to receive future marketing communications, you may contact us. If you unsubscribe from our marketing lists, you will no longer receive marketing communications but we will continue to contact you regarding management of your account, other administrative matters, and to respond to your requests.
3. SHARING AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA
In certain circumstances we may share your Personal Data with third parties without further notice to you, unless required by the law, as set forth below:
Vendors and Service Providers: To assist us in meeting business operations needs and to perform certain services and functions, we may share Personal Data with vendors and service providers, including providers of hosting services, cloud services, and other information technology services providers, event management services, email communication software and email newsletter services, advertising and marketing services, payment processors, customer relationship management and customer support services, and web analytics services. Pursuant to our instructions, these parties will access, process, or store Personal Data in the course of performing their duties to us.
Business Transfers: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of all or a portion of our assets, or transition of service to another provider (collectively a “Transaction”), your Personal Data and other information may be shared in the diligence process with counter-parties and others assisting with the Transaction and transferred to a successor or affiliate as part of that Transaction along with other assets.
Legal Requirements: If required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, (ii) protect and defend our rights or property, (iii) prevent fraud, (iv) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Services, or the public, or (v) protect against legal liability.
Affiliates: We may share Personal Data with our affiliates, meaning an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with Guardian Healthcare Providers. Our affiliates may use the Personal Data we share in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
4. UPDATE YOUR INFORMATION
Please log in to your account or contact us if you need to change or correct your Personal Data.
5. CHILDREN
Our Service is not directed to children who are under the age of 16. Guardian Healthcare Providers does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 16. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 16 has provided Personal Data to Guardian Healthcare Providers through the Service please contact us and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
6. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
The Service may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by Guardian Healthcare providers, including social media services (“Third Party Sites”). The information that you share with Third Party Sites will be governed by the specific privacy policies and terms of service of the Third Party Sites and not by this Privacy Policy. By providing these links we do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed these sites. Please contact the Third Party Sites directly for information on their privacy practices and policies.
7. SECURITY
You use the Service at your own risk. We implement commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and organizational measures to protect Personal Data both online and offline from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from us may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via the Service or e-mail. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to Guardian Healthcare Providers via the Internet. In addition, we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Service, or third party websites.
8. INTERNATIONAL USERS
By using our Service, you understand and acknowledge that your Personal Data will be transferred from your location to our facilities and servers in the United States.
9. YOUR CHOICES
In certain circumstances providing Personal Data is optional. However, if you choose not to provide Personal Data that is needed to use some features of our Service, you may be unable to use those features. You can also contact us to ask us to update or correct your Personal Data.
10. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
The Service and our business may change from time to time. We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at our discretion and at any time, consistent with the CCPA and California law. When we do we will post an updated version on this page, unless another type of notice is required by the applicable law. By continuing to use our Service or providing us with Personal Data after we have posted an updated Privacy Policy, or notified you by other means if applicable, you consent to the revised Privacy Policy and practices described in it.
11. CONTACT US
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or want to receive an alternative format, please contact our Human Resources Department at 615-377-9140 or our designated request address at HR@GuardianHealthcare.com
Contact Us
Job Search
My Guardian
Blog
Employment Verification
Apply Now