https://gwcvalve.com/privacy-agreement/
PROVEN TECHNOLOGY
FOR INDIVIDUAL VALVE
SOLUTIONS - WORLDWIDE
PRIVACY POLICY
The processing of personal data provided by the user will be carried out in compliance with Article 5 of Regulation (EU) no. 679 of April 27th, 2016 concerning the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and their free circulation (hereinafter, the “Regulation”), with the Italian law provisions applicable from time to time and with this Privacy Policy which the user is invited to refer to.
The Regulation provides for some requirements aimed at ensuring that the processing of personal data is carried out in accordance with the rights, freedoms and dignity of natural persons, with particular reference to confidentiality and personal identity.
This Privacy Policy outlines and describes the modalities of collection, recording and use of personal data of the user who accesses this website and/or who provides his personal data.
This Privacy Policy is also provided for the purposes of Article 13 of the Regulation in relation to data provided by users which will be processed in order to enable the use of advertisements and commercial information provided by GWC Italia S.p.A. (“GWC Italia”, as well as, the “Company”), through this website (the “Website”).
NATURE OF PROCESSED DATA
Browsing data
These are browsing data automatically collected by the informatics systems during the use of the Website, such as, inter alia, the IP address, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), and any detail of requests sent to the Website server and which permit the relevant browsing. Browsing data may also be used to fill in anonymous statistics useful to understand the usage of the Website and improve its structure.
These are information which are not collected to be associated to identified data subjects, but which may, for their own nature, through the processing and association with data held by third parties, permit the users’ identification.
Lastly, browsing data may also be used to ascertain illegal activities, as in cases of computer-related crimes, committed to the detriment of the Website.
Data voluntarily provided by the user
The elective, explicit and voluntary sending of e-mail messages to the addresses posted on this Website in order to obtain information material or submit applications for professional positions in GWC Italia, entails the subsequent acquisition of the sender address, possibly necessary to answer the enquiries, as well as of other possible personal data included in the e-mail. Such data will be processed and used by GWC Italia in compliance with the provisions of the Regulation and the applicable Italian law concerning personal data protection, for the period strictly necessary to provide the required information and/or service or to evaluate the submitted applications, these ones as specified below. We also specify that, without prejudice to the voluntary nature of data provision, the default in such provision will prevent GWC Italia from providing the services required by the user.
Data related to curricula voluntarily sent to the dedicated email address
Personal data contained in curricula sent by paper means or by e-mail to the address sales@gwcitalia.com will be used only for the evaluation of applicants profile and their selection, in any case in compliance with the provisions of the Regulation and the Italian applicable law provisions. Should the outcome of the selection be negative, personal data will be deleted after 90 days. The possible sending of data referred to under Article 9 of the Regulation – relating to, in particular, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, as well as genetic or biometric data which may be used to univocally identify a natural person, data relating to health, sex life or sexual orientation of such person – will involve, in the absence of a written consent by the user to the relevant processing by GWC Italia, the immediate deletion of such data and the material and/or electronic destruction of the curriculum.
Data of third parties
In case the user provides data of third parties, as for example data relating to family members or friends, he/she shall be sure that the aforesaid third parties have been adequately informed and have given their consent to the relevant processing through the means described in this Privacy Policy.
Data of minors under 16 years
In the event the user is a minor under 16 years of age, he/she shall not provide any personal data or register himself/herself on GWC Italia S.p.A. website and, in any case, the Company will not be liable for any misleading declarations provided by the user. If GWC Italia becomes aware of any false declaration, it will immediately delete any personal data collected.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
This Privacy Policy is provided only for GWC Italia Website and not also for other websites which may be accessed by the user via links.
The user’s personal data will be accessible to natural persons authorized by the Company to carry out processing activities, as well as to persons who perform certain services in favor of the Company and specifically appointed as data processor pursuant to Article 28 of the Regulation. Such data may be communicated to subsidiaries and/or controlled and/or associated companies being part of GWC Italia group and they will not be used by the Company for any other purpose, even if located outside the European Union in compliance with the Regulation and any applicable provision.
The user’s personal data are processed with automated instruments for the time strictly necessary to provide the services required. No data collected through the web service shall be disseminated.
The user’s personal data will be processed in compliance with the security measures provided by the Regulation and the Italian applicable provisions in order to, in particular, ensure their security and prevent the loss of such personal data, unlawful or not permitted usage, or non-authorized access.
In the event that GWC Italia decides to amend this Privacy Policy, such amendments will be published on the Website so that the user may always access to the relevant updated version.
The data controller is GWC Italia S.p.A., with registered office in Via Achille Grandi no. 5. 20056, Trezzo sull’Adda (Milan), to which the user may address to enforce the rights set out below by sending a notice to the following email address nrossi@gwcitalia.com.
Rights of data subjects
Pursuant to the Regulation, the subjects which the processed personal data refer to, have the right to obtain, at any time, access to their personal data and to the following information:
purposes of processing;
categories of the relevant personal data;
recipients or categories of recipients to which personal data have been or will be communicated, in particular if recipients of third countries or international organizations;
whenever possible, the personal data period of storage provided or, if not possible, the criteria applied to determine such period;
the user’s right to require the data controller to amend or delete of personal data or the restriction of personal data processing concerning him/her or to oppose such processing;
the right to file a complaint with the Data Protection Authority to enforce his/her rights;
if personal data are not collected directly from the user, any available information on their source;
the existence of an automated decision-making process, including the profiling set forth in Article 22, paragraph 1 and 4, of the Regulation and, at least in such cases, significant information concerning the logic applied as well as the importance and consequences expected from such processing for the user;
the portability of personal data
Requests may be addressed to the following email address: nrossi@gwcitalia.com
* * *
COOKIES
The Website may use certain cookies. In particular, the Website uses session cookies whose only function is to transmit session identification data necessary to ensure an efficient browsing. Other kind of cookies, or similar technologies, may be from time to time used to enable the Website usage or specific functions. Certain persistent cookies may be used to track the language used by the user’s IT system and, however, they may be at any time disabled. No cookie is used to acquire or transmit users’ personal identification data nor tracking cookies. For session data and for data strictly necessary to the Website operation, the provision of such data is necessary and the users’ consent is not required. The failure in providing such data may result in the impossibility for the user to navigate the Website. For any additional information about cookies disabling and setting, users may refer to section “Help” of their browser or follow the procedures specifically provided therein.
The Website may use certain cookies. In particular, the Website uses session cookies whose only function is to transmit session identification data necessary to ensure an efficient browsing. Other kind of cookies, or similar technologies, may be from time to time used to enable the Website usage or specific functions. Certain persistent cookies may be used to track the language used by the user’s IT system and, however, they may be at any time disabled. No cookie is used to acquire or transmit users’ personal identification data nor tracking cookies. For session data and for data strictly necessary to the Website operation, the provision of such data is necessary and the users’ consent is not required. The failure in providing such data may result in the impossibility for the user to navigate the Website. For any additional information about cookies disabling and setting, users may refer to section “Help” of their browser or follow the procedures specifically provided therein.
Read more... Privacy Policy English
Il Sito Web potrà utilizzare alcune tipologie di cookie. In particolare, il Sito Web utilizza cookie di sessione, la cui funzione è limitata alla trasmissione di dati identificativi di sessione necessari ai fini di garantire una navigazione efficiente. Altre tipologie di cookie, o tecnologie analoghe, potranno essere di volta in volta impiegate per consentire l’uso del Sito Web o di specifiche funzionalità. Possono essere utilizzati alcuni cookie persistenti al fine di tracciare la lingua utilizzata dal sistema informatico dell’utente, che potranno comunque essere disattivati in ogni momento. Non sono invece impiegati cookie per l’acquisizione e la trasmissione di dati identificativi personali degli utenti né tracking cookie. Per i dati di sessione e per i dati strettamente necessari al funzionamento del Sito Web, il conferimento è necessario e non richiede il consenso degli utenti. Il mancato conferimento di questi dati potrà eventualmente comportare l’impossibilità di navigare sul Sito Web. Per ulteriori informazioni sulla disattivazione e il settaggio dei cookie, gli utenti possono consultare la sezione “Help” del proprio browser o seguire le procedure appositamente previste da quest’ultimo.
leggi di più... Privacy Policy Italian
Change Cookie SettingsACCEPTCookies - Select to Show More
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.