https://gwcvalve.com/terms-and-conditions-for-use-of-website/
PROVEN TECHNOLOGY
FOR INDIVIDUAL VALVE
SOLUTIONS - WORLDWIDE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE OF WEBSITE
1. CONSENT TO TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
By using this Website, you certify that you understand and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions. Please contact us by telephone at our phone number listed on the contact page or by electronic email also found on the contact page.
2. REVISION TO TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
GWC Italia SpA (“GWC”) reserves the right to make changes to the terms and conditions at anytime. Your use of this Website after such changes are posted, will mean that you accept such changes.
3. PRIVACY POLICY.
At GWC we take your right to privacy seriously. To read our privacy policy, please visit www.gwcvalve.com, privacy policy.
4. COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK NOTICE.
A. Use of Materials.
This Website is owned and operated by GWC. Unless otherwise specified, all content on this Website, including text, site design, logos, proprietary marks, graphic files, audio clips, video clips, icons, and images, as well as the selection, assembly and arrangement thereof (“Content”), is the sole property of GWC or any applicable content provider who has granted GWC the right and license to use such Content, and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. Permission to reprint or electronically reproduce any Content, in whole or in part, for any other reason is expressly prohibited, unless prior written consent is obtained from GWC. Any unauthorized use of the Content appearing on this Website, including but not limited to, the publication, reproduction, display, creation of derivative works, or performance of the Content, may violate copyright, trademark or other applicable laws and could result in civil or criminal penalties.
B. Trademark.
GWC trademark, is proprietary to GWC and is owned by GWC. GWC Logo may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not our product or service, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among our customers or users of this Website, or in any other manner in violation of the trademark and service mark laws, without the express written consent of GWC.
5. AUTHORIZED AND UNAUTHORIZED USE OF WEBSITE.
A. Submission of Materials for Posting.
You may have the opportunity from time to time to submit materials to GWC for posting on this Website. Such materials may include but are not limited to any text, communications, software, images, sounds, data or other information and are hereby collectively referred to as “Materials.” In the event that you submit any Materials for posting the following rules shall apply and your submission of such Materials shall be deemed continued acceptance of all of the Terms and Conditions for Use of Website:
1. GWC retains the sole and absolute discretion to determine whether to accept any Materials submitted by you for posting.
2. GWC can modify any Materials that you submit for posting or that you directly post in its sole and absolute discretion.
3. The rules set forth below in Section 5.B shall apply to any Materials submitted for posting or posted directly by you.
4. GWC may remove and/or re-post the Materials that you submit for posting or that you directly post at anytime and for any reason whatsoever and without notice to you.
5. No Materials may be directly posted by you without the express written consent of GWC, except as specifically provided for otherwise in this Website or pursuant to established policy of GWC.
6. You and not GWC will be held personally responsible and liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special or consequential damages arising out of or relating to any Materials posted by you or submitted for posting by you on this Website, even if you advised GWC as to the possibility of such damages prior to posting. You will indemnify GWC for any such damages.
B. Authorized Use of Website.
This Website is intended solely for the lawful use of receiving information from GWC and submitting Materials to GWC for posting by GWC. The following uses of this Website are STRICTLY PROHIBITED:
1. Obstructing or inhibiting anyone from using this Website, including but not limited, to altering or deleting any information provided through this Website by the users of this Website.
2. Transmitting, uploading, posting or sending by electronic mail any incomplete, false, misleading, unlawful, threatening, harassing, deceptive, fraudulent, abusive, libelous, defamatory, tortuous, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent Materials and information of any kind, including without limitation any transmissions constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any local, state, national or international law.
3. The transmission of any Materials or information, software or other material that contains a harmful component such as a virus, or that in any way damages this Website or any host, or the efforts of any individual who desires to use this Website, whether by overloading, “flooding,” “mailbombing,” “crashing” or otherwise.
8. The transmission of any Materials or information that constitutes unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk or bulk e-mail (also known as “Spamming”), chain letters, any other form of unauthorized solicitation, or any form of lottery or gambling.
9. Impersonating any person or entity, including, but not limited to, another member of GWC.
10. Accessing data not intended for your use or logging onto any server or account that you are not authorized to access.
11. Harvesting or collecting information about the users of this Website or the members of GWC or the use of such information for the purpose of transmitting or facilitating transmission of unsolicited bulk electronic e-mail or communications.
6. TERMINATION.
You agree that at anytime for any reason whatsoever and without any notice, GWC may terminate your access to this Website.
7. WARRANTIES/DISCLAIMERS.
GWC AND ITS AGENTS, OFFICERS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS, DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, AFFILIATES, AND EMPLOYEES MAKE NO WARRANTIES, ORAL OR WRITTEN, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CORRECTNESS, TIMELINESS OR USEFULNESS OF ANY INFORMATION OR MATERIALS PROVIDED ON THIS WEBSITE. THE INFORMATION AND MATERIALS PROVIDED BY GWC IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND GWC EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS MAKING ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE FITNESS OF THE INFORMATION OR MATERIALS FOR ANY PARTICULAR USAGE OR PURPOSE, THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THE INFORMATION OR MATERIALS, ITS FITNESS, APPLICATION OR PURPOSE, ITS INFORMATIONAL CONTENT, OR ITS QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON?INFRINGEMENT.
8. LINKS.
Links appear on this Website for the purpose of providing you with direct access to information or Materials reported on independently operated websites. We do not monitor or review the content of such independently operated websites. The inclusion of such links is neither intended nor understood to constitute any implied or express approval of acceptance of the validity of the information or Materials contained in such independent websites and is not intended nor should it be understood by the user as an endorsement or recommendation of any of the information, Materials, products, manufacturers or other parties identified in those independently operated websites. You are encouraged to thoroughly investigate and evaluate items of interest prior to entering into contractual obligations.
9. RELIANCE ON WEBSITE AND INDEMNFICIATION.
By accessing this Website, submitting for posting or posting Materials on this Website, you agree that in no event will GWC be liable to you or anyone else for any decisions made, Materials posted, or actions taken by you or anyone else based upon or in reliance upon the Materials or information provided through this Website or posted by you. You further agree to hold GWC and its agents and representatives harmless against any liability for any loss, claim or damage arising from your use of any Materials or information and ideas contained herein or any breach of these terms and conditions, including but not limited to, any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential damages.
10. LIMITATION ON LIABILITY.
By accessing this Website, you agree that GWC is not and may not be held liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special or consequential damages arising out of or relating to use of or inability to use this Website, even if GWC has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
11. MISCELLANEOUS.
This Website is created and controlled by GWC in the State of California and the laws of the State of California will govern these disclaimers and terms and conditions without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. Access to the information contained on this Website by persons located outside of the United States may be restricted and GWC is not responsible for the access of this Website by any such persons. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision (or portion thereof) contained in these terms and conditions shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision (or portion thereof), each provision being independent of the others and severably enforceable. No waiver of any portion of these terms and conditions shall be deemed a continuing waiver or shall waive any other provision of these terms and conditions.
12. E-MAIL HARVESTING.
GWC does not authorize “email harvesting” of any kind through this website. Visitors are not permitted to capture email addresses posted on this site using any method, to use for personal databases, mailing lists, mass email distribution, marketing efforts and the like.
The Website may use certain cookies. In particular, the Website uses session cookies whose only function is to transmit session identification data necessary to ensure an efficient browsing. Other kind of cookies, or similar technologies, may be from time to time used to enable the Website usage or specific functions. Certain persistent cookies may be used to track the language used by the user’s IT system and, however, they may be at any time disabled. No cookie is used to acquire or transmit users’ personal identification data nor tracking cookies. For session data and for data strictly necessary to the Website operation, the provision of such data is necessary and the users’ consent is not required. The failure in providing such data may result in the impossibility for the user to navigate the Website. For any additional information about cookies disabling and setting, users may refer to section “Help” of their browser or follow the procedures specifically provided therein.
Read more... Privacy Policy English
Il Sito Web potrà utilizzare alcune tipologie di cookie. In particolare, il Sito Web utilizza cookie di sessione, la cui funzione è limitata alla trasmissione di dati identificativi di sessione necessari ai fini di garantire una navigazione efficiente. Altre tipologie di cookie, o tecnologie analoghe, potranno essere di volta in volta impiegate per consentire l’uso del Sito Web o di specifiche funzionalità. Possono essere utilizzati alcuni cookie persistenti al fine di tracciare la lingua utilizzata dal sistema informatico dell’utente, che potranno comunque essere disattivati in ogni momento. Non sono invece impiegati cookie per l’acquisizione e la trasmissione di dati identificativi personali degli utenti né tracking cookie. Per i dati di sessione e per i dati strettamente necessari al funzionamento del Sito Web, il conferimento è necessario e non richiede il consenso degli utenti. Il mancato conferimento di questi dati potrà eventualmente comportare l’impossibilità di navigare sul Sito Web. Per ulteriori informazioni sulla disattivazione e il settaggio dei cookie, gli utenti possono consultare la sezione “Help” del proprio browser o seguire le procedure appositamente previste da quest’ultimo.
leggi di più... Privacy Policy Italian
Change Cookie SettingsACCEPTCookies - Select to Show More
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.