https://gws-offshore.com/privacy-policy/
This privacy policy applies to all websites owned an operated by GWS, e.g. www.gws-offshore.com,  owned and operated by GWS (“GWS”, “We”, “Us”). This privacy policy describes how GWS collects and uses the personal information you provide on our web site. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. It also does not cover information that may be collected offline.
Information Collection and Use
We collect the following personal information from you:
Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number
Billing Information such as credit card number and billing address
Information about your business such as company name, address, business type
We may collect the personal information of 3rd parties, when you add the names of shareholders or beneficiaries on our order forms. Collection of 3rd party personally identifiable information may be necessary to process and register your order for certain products or services. We will not use this information for any other commercial purpose. These 3rd parties may contact us to request that we remove this information from our database.
We use this information to:
Fulfill your order
Send you an order confirmation
Assess the needs of your business to determine suitable products
Send you requested product or information
Respond to customer service requests
Send you communications
Conduct due diligence
Respond to your questions and concerns
Information Sharing
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
Service Providers
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as processing your order/payment, registering your business or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services.
Frames
Some of our pages utilize framing techniques to serve content to from our service providers (such as a payment processor) while preserving the look and feel of our site. Please be aware that you are providing your personal information to these third parties and not to GWS.
Legal Disclaimer
We may also disclose your personal information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request,
if GWS is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information
to any other third party with your prior consent to do so
User Access and Choice
If your personally information changes, you may correct, update, amend or delete it by contacting GWS. We will respond to your request within 30 days. If you have a Personal Trust Officer or Client Relationsship Manager assigned, please contact him/her in priority. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will also retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. If you request that we delete your personal information, we will notify you if we are unable to do so and why.
Opt-out Preferences
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter on the main site, or when you become a client, we will use your name and email address to send you non-transactional, promotional emails from time to time. Out of respect for your privacy, you may choose to stop receiving these emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails.
Tracking Technologies / Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies to track user behavior and to save information you put in our forms. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” directory. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site will be limited.
Analytics / Log Files
As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information. The use of tracking technologies by our service providers, technology partners or other 3rd party assets (such as those involved in tracking the success of advertising) on the site is not covered by our privacy policy. These 3rd parties may use cookies, clear gifs, images, and scripts to help them better manage their content on our site. We do not have access or control over these technologies. We do not tie the information gathered to our Customers’ or Users’ personally identifiable information.
Cookies
We may use cookies in order to customize this site for return visitors.  These cookies are not required for site functionality.  Additionally, third-party widgets such as YouTube or Flickr may install cookies depending on their configuration.  You are not required to accept any cookies to use this site.
Google Analytics
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use (as amended for government websites) and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card, bank account or proprietary business information) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Please note that electronic communication, particularly email, is not necessarily secure against interception. Please do not send sensitive data (e.g., Social Security, bank account, or credit card numbers) by email or chat.
Please click here to see, how we protect your privacy.
Additional Information
Links to 3rd Party Sites
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of GWS. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site you visit.
Social Media Widgets
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook and Twitter buttons and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it
Changes To This Policy
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact:
GWS Consulting GmbH
Alte Churerstrasse 45
9496 Balzers
Principality of Liechtenstein
Contact us by email
Shelf Companies
If you wish to become a client of GWS or if you wish to find out how our services can meet your individual needs, please contact us.
Phone: (+41) 81 588 0144
Offshore Company: How it works