http://h2hsolutions.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home
» Privacy Policy
At H2H Solutions we recognize that privacy is important. This Policy applies to all of the products, services and websites offered by H2H Solutions Inc. or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies.
Information Collection and Use
H2H Solutions collects personal information when you register with H2H Solutions, such as your name, email address, birth date, gender, ZIP code, occupation, industry and personal interests and you are not anonymous to us.
H2H Solutions collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners.
H2H Solutions uses the information for the following purposes:
Fulfill your request for Products and Services
Contact you , conduct research and improve our services
Provide anonymous reporting for internal and external customers
Developing New products and Services
Information Sharing
H2H Solutions does not share sell, share or rent personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except for Products and Services you have requested when we have your authorization.
H2H Solutions will provide information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with H2H Solutions with whom we have signed confidentiality agreements.
H2H Solutions will respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal processes or to establish our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
H2H Solutions believes it is necessary to share information  in order to investigate, prevent or take action against illegal activities, suspected fraud, situation involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violation of H2H Solution’ s  terms of use or as otherwise required by law.
Confidentiality and Security
H2H Solutions limits access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information  to provide Products and Services to you or in order to do their jobs.
H2H Solutions has physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.
Changes to Privacy Policy
H2H Solutions may update this policy. H2H Solutions will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address provided or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
H2H Solutions processes personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Policy or any applicable service-specific privacy notice. We review our data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store and process the personal information needed to provide or improve our services. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary.
We deliver health care literate IT resources that don’t need to be taught your business. How refreshing! You will find our resources, from Architects through Analysts, to be seasoned professionals…
Read More
Main MenuHome
Company
Products
Services
Careers
News
Contact
Contact Us Corporate Address:
H2H Solutions, Inc.
49197 Wixom Tech DriveSuite B, Wixom, MI 48393, USA
Phone: +1-(248)-675-1200, Fax: +1-(248)-675-1201
Toll-Free: 1-(888)-470-4553
Email: info@h2hsolutions.com
Copyright © 2020 H2H Solutions. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Home
Company
About Us
Leadership Team
Partners
Products
H2H Digital Rx™
Overview
Stand-Alone Solutions
Integration Models
Partners
Testimonials
Affiliations
Member Login
H2H Green™
HIPAA Scape™
H2H OMP™
H2H DeEDI™
H2H Chamelion™
Services
Overview
Professional Staffing
Systems Integration
Featured Service
Careers
Benefits
Current Openings
News
Contact