https://haccptraining.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policyjames2020-12-01T03:23:37+00:00
About Cookies
This site uses cookies to optimize your user experience. If you continue to access this website we will consider that you consent to the use of cookies.
Cookies are used for a variety of reasons. We use Cookies to obtain information about the preferences of our Visitors and the services they select. We also use Cookies for security purposes and to protect our Authorized Customers. For example, if an Authorized Customer is logged on and the site is unused for more than 10 minutes, we will automatically log the Authorized Customer off.
Cookies are pieces of information a web site can send to your computer’s browser for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies to ascertain which web pages are visited and how often, to make our web site more user friendly, and to give you a better experience when you return to the website. For example, cookies allow us to save your password so you do not have to re-enter it every time you visit our site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you do not have to accept them. To disable cookies, you should access the “help” tab on your browser or read the information that came with your browser software. However, your visit to our website will be significantly enhanced if cookies are not disabled.
About Privacy
We understand that many companies and individuals have information of a sensitive nature pertaining to them or their clients and thus we take great care to ensure the highest possible levels of privacy.
To this end below are the details of our “Privacy Policy” which outlines our procedures on the collection and use of Client information.
The Digital Marketing Institute will not provide any information, which you give us to any other organisation or individual without your express permission or legal compulsion such as a Court order.
Any personal information which you volunteer to the Commissioner will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Acts, 1988 & 2003.
The Digital Marketing Institute does not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from information which you volunteer (for example by using our online feedback form). Any information which you provide in this way is not made available to any third parties, and is used by the Digital Marketing Institute only in line with the purpose for which you provided it.
As part of routine administration, the Digital Marketing Institute collects statistical information such as page view, and browser statistics. Where possible these are collected anonymously, and are not on-sold or disclosed to others.
All clients may request access to the personal details collected by the Digital Marketing Institute in relation to themselves and the use of services owned by them. The Digital Marketing Institute makes every effort to ensure that such details are always correct and up-to-date, and will amend any inaccuracies or changes to details on request.
The Digital Marketing Institute does not retain clients’ personal information longer than is necessary for the purposes of compliance with the law and routine administration.
The Digital Marketing Institute keeps client information on controlled facilities, which are secured against unauthorised access. Proof of identity will be required before information is released to any person, including the client. The Digital Marketing Institute typically communicates with its clients through a combination of Phone, Written, Faxed and E-mail correspondence
The Digital Marketing Institute is constantly improving and enhancing its services to clients, and may update this privacy policy from time to time. Any changes to the policy will be advised to clients.
Information Collection and Use
HACCPTraing.org is the sole owner of the personal information collected from this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others.
Registration
In order to receive our email alerts, users have to complete a registration form. During registration a user is required to give contact information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file written to a user’s hard drive that contains the User ID. The cookies do not contain any personal information about users.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that HACCPTraining.org is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of these third party sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Newsletters
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletters, we ask for contact information such as name and email address.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose any information requested. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and delivery address), and demographic information (such as postcode, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the functionality of the site.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Downloads
The download facility available to course participants provides case studies, articles and presentations in a format appropriate for printing. Please observe the copyright restrictions and credit the authors as requested.
Close product quick view×
Save 30% store wide by using SAVE30 at checkout! Dismiss