http://halofoods.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Halo Foods are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with the Terms of Use and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.  Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. We keep certain basic information when you visit our website and recognise the importance of keeping that information secure and letting you know what we will do with it.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is
Halo Foods Ltd of Queensway Meadows Newport NP19 4XA - company registration number 02411911
This policy only applies to our site. If you leave our site via a link or otherwise, you will be subject to the policy of that website provider. We have no control over that policy or the terms of the website and you should check their policy before continuing to access the site.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our site www.halofoods.co.uk. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our site, subscribing to our service or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our site.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs, operating system, browser usage and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
IP addresses and cookies
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual and we will not collect personal information in this way.
We may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual interests.
To speed up your searches.
To recognise you when you return to our site.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you will not be transferred to, or stored at, a destination outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) without the lawful need or consent of the individual. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
We will not allow third parties to use your data.
Disclosure of your information
Halo undertakes not to disclose personal data to unauthorised third parties. Legitimate disclosures may occur in the following instances:
The individual has given their consent
The disclosure has been notified to the ICO and is in the legitimate interests of the business
The disclosure is required for the performance of a contractYour rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.  You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at connect@halofoods.co.uk
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to information
The GDPR regulates the processing of personal data, and protects the rights and privacy of all individuals.  GDPR gives all individuals who are the subject of personal data a general right of access to the personal data which relates to them.  Individuals can exercise the right to gain access to their information by means of a ‘subject access request’.  Personal data is information relating to an individual and may be in hard or soft copy, and may include facts or opinions about a person.
Any such requests will be completed within one month from the date of receipt of the request.  This is subject to a possible two month extension for complex or large numbers of requests.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. However, we advise that you check this page regularly to keep up to date with any necessary changes.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to connect@halofoods.co.uk