http://hawaiinational.com/privacy-security/
Skip to contentPrivacy & SecurityDownload our Privacy NoticeProtecting your privacy is important to us. When working with you to provide a financial product or service, Hawaii National Bank collects some of your nonpublic personal information, including your account balance, payment history and overdraft history. We never disclose any information about our customers or former customers to nonaffiliated third parties (i.e., third parties that are not members of our corporate family) except as permitted by law.Information We CollectTo provide you with the best financial products and services, we may collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:Information we receive from you on applications or other loan and account forms, such as name, address, social security number and employment data.Information about your transactions with us, or others, such as account balance and payment history.Information, such as credit history and public records, which we receive from third parties including credit bureaus.Information you provide online, such as customization and other preferences on the bank’s website, or via e-mail. We also collect and analyze non-personal identifiable information in the aggregate to determine online services usage.Information We Disclose and to WhomWe are permitted by law to disclose nonpublic personal information about you to nonaffiliated third parties in certain circumstances. For example, we may disclose information described above to third parties to assist us in servicing your account or loan with us, to government entities in response to subpoenas, and to credit bureaus, or when you ask us to disclose this information.We do not share medical or health information with anyone, unless necessary to process transactions or to provide services you have requested or initiated.It is currently the Bank’s practice to not disclose any nonpublic personal customer information to any nonaffiliated third-parties.  If the Bank changes this practice and elects to provide nonpublic personal customer information with the following categories of companies:Nonaffiliated third parties;Nonaffiliated third party service providers who will market the Bank’s own product and services;Nonaffiliated financial institutions (which is broadly defined to include a company engaging in services that are financial in nature) pursuant to a joint marketing agreement; orCompanies who are affiliated with the Bank.The Bank we will provide sufficient notice as required under Reg. P to our customers to allow them to “opt out” before sharing such information.If you decide to close your account(s) or become an inactive customer, we will continue to adhere to the privacy policies and practices described in this notice.CookiesWe use temporary cookies to store usage information and to facilitate access to our website. Cookies are electronic files that expire after a period of time, and do not contain any personal information beyond what you may have provided online forms (e.g., customization, and other preferences). We do not share the data in these cookies with others, although they may be accessible to other individuals or applications that have access to your computer files. Some web browsers allow the user to reject cookies. If the browser you use rejects cookies you may not be able to properly access our website. If you encounter this problem, we suggest that you enable the acceptance of cookies while logged on to our website, then reject cookies once you have logged off from the site. We suggest that while you are accessing your account information, you refrain from accessing other web sites in the same session. You should always properly log off from transactional web pages after completing your session.Our website may contain links to other websites whose information practices may be different than ours. These links are accompanied by disclaimers that explain that you are leaving our website. Visitors should consult the other website’s privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.Safeguarding Information About YouWe restrict access to your personal and account information to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to protect your information.QuestionsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy Notice, you may call the Privacy Officer on Oahu at (808) 528-7847, or from the neighbor islands and the U. S. mainland at (800) 997-2293. You can also write to the Privacy Officer at Hawaii National Bank, Attention: Privacy Officer, P. O. Box 3740, Honolulu, Hawaii 96812-3740.  Terms & ConditionsTerms of UseThe information contained on this website is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. Hawaii National Bank ("HNB") does not warrant or guarantee, expressly or impliedly, the accuracy, adequacy, suitability, availability, timeliness, or completeness of the information provided herein and expressly disclaims liability for any errors or omissions. HNB will not be liable for any damages, including without limitation, direct or indirect, special, incidental, punitive or consequential, or losses or expenses caused by, arising out of, or related to the use of or inability to use this site, or any failure to perform, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, or network or system failure. The information provided herein is subject to change at any time by HNB, in its sole discretion, or its agents and representatives.DisclaimerHawaii National Bank ("HNB") provides links to other websites for convenience and informational purposes only. These external sites are not controlled by HNB, and HNB is not responsible for their content, products and services. HNB does not endorse or guarantee the products, information, or recommendations provided by linked sites. Nor is HNB liable for any failure of the products or services advertised on those sites. Users should be aware that when they select a link to an external website that they are leaving HNB's website. Each linked site may have a privacy policy that is different from HNB and may provide less security than HNB's site.