https://hbe-engineering.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policyadmin2017-02-07T15:57:52+00:00
Your privacy is important to us
To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
While we encourage the interactive nature of online media, it is our policy to create website content that requires minimum collection of information from our visitors.
Generally, we limit our collection of information relative to a particular program.
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
The information that is asked for and collected (e.g. e-mail contact form) is no more information than is reasonably necessary.
HBE Engineering never sells, markets, trades or otherwise shares personally identifiable information with any third party, either within our own company or outside it. If there is any change in this policy in the future, we will notify “registered users”.
Cookies
Cookies are information files that your web browser places on your computer when you visit a website. HBE-Engineering.com is able to access only the cookies that it sets on your computer and we are only able to determine the type of computer operating system and browser that you and other visitors are using. This web site does does not use cookies.
Log data
This is information collected on web servers for HBE Engineeing with aggregate information about the number of visits to different pages on our site. We use this information only for improving our site. We do not link the log data collected to the personal information that users submit online when participating in our activities.
We have has taken steps to ensure that personally identifiable information collected in the future is secure, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers as well as electronic security systems and password protections which guard against unauthorized access.
Questions or Concerns
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding this privacy policy and/or practices, please write to us at:
Privacy Coordinator
HBE Engineering
1100 W. Broadway St.
Three Rivers MI 49093
Or to email us, click here
Search for: