https://helgadesign.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
HELGA SIMMONS INTERIOR DESIGN ~ WEB SITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
PLEASE REVIEW THESE TERMS OF USE (THE “TERMS”) FOR HELGA SIMMONS INTERIOR DESIGN ~ WEB SITE (THE “SITE”) www.helgadesign.com.
BY USING THIS SITE, YOU AGREE TO FOLLOW AND BE BOUND BY THE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
Changes to Terms
Please review the Terms regularly. The Terms may change at any time. By using The Site after a change in the Terms, you agree to follow and be bound by The Terms as changed.
Table of Contents
Site Content
Third Party Content
Your Use of The Site
Links to Other Sites
User Comments and Submissions
Copyright
Trademarks
Privacy Policy
Disclaimers
Indemnification
Termination
Applicable Law
Miscellaneous
Site Content
Unless otherwise expressly noted, you should assume everything you see, hear, or otherwise receive from or on The Site (the “Content”) is copyright, trademark, trade dress or other intellectual property owned or licensed by Helga Simmons Interior Design (“HSID”). The Content includes, without limitation, images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, trademarks, logos, text, sounds, music, The Site as a whole and any other materials at The Site.
The information in this Site is provided as a courtesy by HSID. The views and opinions of individual authors do not necessarily state or reflect those of HSID. References to specific products, processes or services do not constitute or imply recommendation or endorsement by HSID.
If you would like to request reprints, copy or distribute materials contained on The Site, other than for noncommercial, personal use, please contact HSID’s owner.
Third Party Content
Nothing in The Terms transfers to you any right, title or interest in any Content, including any intellectual property or content of third parties included on The Site.
Your Use of The Site
You may use or download Content for research or educational purposes, or for your personal, noncommercial purposes, provided you keep unchanged all copyright and other notices with them. No other use of any Content is permitted unless a specific use is expressly sated as to particular Content.
You agree that you will make only lawful use of The Site, and will use The Site only in compliance with all federal, state and local laws and regulations. You agree that you will make no use of The Site that violates anyone else’s rights, including copyright, trademark, patient, trade secret, privacy, publicity or other rights.
You agree that you will not upload, post, transmit, distribute or otherwise publish on or to The Site (“Publish”) any materials that contain a software virus or other harmful component. You agree that you will not Publish any materials that contain advertising or commercial material of any kind. You agree that you will not Publish any materials that are false, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise unlawful, or that violate any rights of privacy or publicity or any trademark, copyright, patent or other rights. You are solely responsible for the content of any material you Publish. HSID is not responsible or liable for the conduct of any person using The Site.
HSID may change, suspend, discontinue or remove any aspect of The Site at any time, without prior notice, including the availability of any Site feature, services or Content or any material you have Published. HSID may restrict your access to certain features, services or Content at any time, without prior notice.
Links to Other Sites
The Site may contain links to third party sites. Any outside links are provided only as a convenience. Your use of outside links is at your sole risk. Any links from The Site do not constitute HSID’s endorsement of any third party, its Web site, or its goods or services.
HSID is not responsible for any Web sites, services or other materials linked to or from The Site, and disclaims all liability for any injury you may experience by using such materials. If you have any concerns regarding any Web site linked to or from The Site, please direct them to the owner or operator of the Web site.
You may not create hyperlinks to The Site that portray HSID in a false or misleading light. You may not use any “framing” or similar techniques to enclose any portion of The Site.
User Comments and Submissions
We welcome your comments regarding this Site and services. To submit your comments regarding this Site or services, e-mail them to the owner. However, if you are dissatisfied with The Site, any of its Content, or any of the Terms, your sole and exclusive legal remedy is to stop using The Site. Any comments, ideas, suggestions or other information you transmit to The Site are not confidential or proprietary. HSID will be free to use any comment, idea, suggestion or other information you transmit to us through The Site on an unrestricted basis. This may include personal information about you and your use of The Site. Please review HSID’s Privacy Policy for more information.
Copyright
HSID respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been infringed on The Site, please send a statutory notice to HSID administration office for notice of claims of copyright infringement:
Helga Simmons Interior Design
210 Market Street
Kirkland, WA 98033
Trademarks
Trademarks appearing on The Site are the property of their respective owners. Use of any HSID trademark or logo is subject to the prior written permission of HSID’s owner.
Privacy Policy
HSID has a Privacy Policy that describes how we collect information from you or about you, why we collect this information, how we will use or disclose this information. In addition, HSID’s Privacy Policy sets forth our general policies on information security. To review HSID’s Privacy Policy, press or click here.
Disclaimers
YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, HSID MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE. HSID PROVIDES THIS SITE, ALL CONTENTS, ALL INFORMATION AND SERVICES OFFERED ON OR THROUGH THE SITE “AS IS.” HSID EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, QUIET ENJOYMENT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NONINFRINGEMENT OF ANY CONTENT OFFERED ON OR THROUGH THE SITE.
HSID WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES RELATED TO YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, COMPENSATORY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS OR LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY, EVEN IF HSID HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. HSID does not warrant that your use of The Site, the operation or function of The Site, or any services offered on or through The Site, will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that The Site or its server are free of viruses or other harmful elements. HSID does not make any representations regarding the currency, accuracy or reliability of information on The Site.
Indemnification
You assume full responsibility for any use of any information, goods or services offered on or through The Site. You understand and agree that HSID will not be responsible or liable for any claim, loss or damage arising from the use of any information, goods or services.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless HSID and its officers, directors, owners, agents, employees, affiliates, licensees and licensors from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising from or related to your use of The Site in violation of any of the Terms.
Termination
Your failure to comply with the Terms automatically revokes your authorization to use The Site and terminates any and all rights granted to you under the Terms. Your obligations to HSID will continue upon termination of your rights under the Terms, including restrictions regarding the Content, disclaimers, indemnification obligations and liability limitations under the Terms. Upon termination of your rights, you must promptly destroy all Content downloaded or obtained from this Site, as well as all copies of any Content.
Applicable Law
The Terms will be construed according to Washington State law, without regard to provisions governing conflicts of laws. Any dispute arising under or relating to the Terms, the Content, the use of The Site, or any services obtained using this Site, will be resolved exclusively by the state and federal courts of the State of Washington. Your use of The Site constitutes your consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such courts with respect to any such dispute.
Miscellaneous
If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of the Terms, or any portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the Terms, and the remainder of the Terms will remain in full force and effect. The Terms are the entire agreement between you and HSID relating to The Site. Any other agreements between you and HSID regarding the subject matter of the Terms are superseded and have no force or effect. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
This website is a Content Management System and allows members of the public to add content to this website including adding third party links. The Web Mentor, LLC, is in no way responsible for any content added to the website, or services or other materials linked to or from The Site, and disclaims all liability for any injury you may experience by using such materials. The Webmentor, LLC, is in no way responsible for copyright violation of any kind added by the HSID owner or contributors, its employees or volunteers, on this website, or on third party links, or links associated with Helga Simmons Interior Design. If you have any concerns regarding any website linked to or from The Site, please direct them to the owner of the website, Helga Simmons Interior Design.
Blog Post Community
Helga Simmons Interior Design is dedicated to upholding a respectful community that encourages discussion about events and news related to the business of Interior Design and current affairs. Please value the owner’s request to keep your comments respectful:
Be Polite to Others and Their Opinions – This includes other bloggers; news articles and event write-ups; the use of acronyms; how you format your text; shoutouts and any images you use. All should be respectful.
Safe Place – Helga Simmons Interior Design believes that the blog should be a safe place for all, including children who may have accidentally accessed The Site. When writing your blog, believe that you are also writing for a young child. Be an educator and, by example, show the younger members of our online community to be respectful online.
We Check Your Posts Out – The Site moderates your comments before activating them. HSID reserves the right to exclude your comment. The HSID welcomes and encourages bloggers to voice their opinion regardless of their political opinions; race or ethnicity; creed; color; national origin; sex; marital or family status; sexual orientation including gender identity or expression; age; religion; or disability. However, if we find that your comments are inappropriate or too sensitive for younger users, we may feel unable to process your blog. There may also be server issues which prevent us from activating your blog, or we may be overwhelmed with the number of blogs and are unable to process all of them.
BE KIND TO EACH OTHER.
Privacy Policy
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
https://www.facebook.com/helgasimmonsinteriordesign/
https://twitter.com/helgadesigns
https://www.pinterest.com/helgainteriors/
Like