https://helgadesign.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Helga Simmons Interior Design ~ Website Privacy Policy
www.helgadesign.com
PLEASE REVIEW THE PRIVACY POLICY FOR HELGA SIMMONS INTERIOR DESIGN www.helgadesign.com WEB SITE (THE “SITE”). BY USING THIS SITE, YOU AGREE TO FOLLOW AND BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Please review the Privacy Policy regularly. The Privacy Policy may change at any time. By using The Site after a change in the Privacy Policy, you agree to follow and be bound by the Privacy Policy as changed.
Privacy Policy
This document describes how we may collect information from you or about you, why we collect this information, and how we may use or disclose this information. In addition, this document sets forth our general policies on information security.
Information Collection
There are several kinds of information we collect. For all visitors to The Site, we collect and log your IP address. An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. We collect IP address information to better administer our system and to gather aggregate information on visitors to this site, on how this site is being used, and on the pages visitors are viewing. This aggregate information may be shared with other organizations. To maintain your anonymity, we do not associate IP addresses with records containing personal information. We may use IP address information, however, to personally identify you in order to enforce our legal rights or when required to do so by law enforcement authorities.
Cookies
We may also place small data files, called “cookies,” in the browser file of your computer’s hard drive. These cookies automatically identify your browser to our server when you interact with The Site. Most browsers automatically accept these cookies. We may use cookies to determine whether you are logged in to The Site, and to temporarily store application data.
Surveys
At times, you may be asked to complete survey questions that appear on The Site. If you agree to participate in the survey, you will be asked to review and accept certain additional terms and conditions relating to use of the information you furnish, which may include personally identifiable information. Any survey terms and conditions are in addition to the Privacy Policies set forth in this Agreement.
E-mail Communications, Newsletters and Related Sites
The Site provides you with the opportunity to receive communications from us or third parties. Once you have decided to receive such communications, you may later decide to stop receiving them. To stop receiving communications, email the site’s owner to manage any subscriptions. Please be aware that e-mail communications may not be secure and may be susceptible to interception by third parties.
Aggregate Information
We use general traffic, site usage, and length of stay information for statistical reporting and may share such reports with organizations with which we have a business relationship. This aggregate information does not personally identify you.
Children’s Privacy
The Site is intended for adults aged 18 and older. It is not intended for or directed at persons under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you may not register or submit personally identifiable information to or through The Site. HSID does not collect personally identifiable information through The Site from any person HSID actually knows to be under the age of 18.
Other Sites
Our privacy policies apply only to your use of the Site. The Site contains links to third party sites, including sites that may indicate a special relationship with us. While we do not disclose personally identifiable information to the parties operating linked sites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may be collecting about you.
Back to Terms and Conditions of Use
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
https://www.facebook.com/helgasimmonsinteriordesign/
https://twitter.com/helgadesigns
https://www.pinterest.com/helgainteriors/
Like