http://helix3d.co.uk/term-conditions/
Term & Conditions
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Helix 3D’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term ‘Helix 3D Ltd’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is The Old Turbine Factory
138 – 140 Nathan Way, London SE28 0AU. Our company registration number is GB 3745757. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, you accept our use of such cookies.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
Privacy Policy:
INTRODUCTION
We know that you care about your personal data and how it is used, and we want you to trust that Helix 3D uses your personal data carefully.
This Privacy Policy will help you understand what personal data we collect, why we collect it and what we do with it.
Helix 3D is committed to ensuring that your privacy and personal data are protected. This Privacy Policy sets out how the Company uses and protects any personal data that you give us when you engage with us.
By engaging with us, you are accepting and consenting to the practises described in this policy. You can withdraw consent at any time by writing to us at the address below.
Helix 3D may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is compliant with the GDPR (EU) 2016/679 and the Data Protection Act 1998.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT
We may collect, use, store and transfer your “personal data”. This can include:
Identity Data such as name, usernames, marital status, job title, DOB and gender
Demographic Data such as preferences and interests
Contact Data such as email address or telephone number
Financial Data such as bank account or payment card details
Technical Data such as IP address, login data, browser type, location, statistical or demographic data
Usage Data such as information about how you use our products and services
Marketing and Communications Data including your preferences regarding receiving marketing materials from us.
HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct Interactions
You may give us your identity and contact data by filling in forms (by paper or electronically) or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes data you provide when you contact us about our services.
Third parties of public sources
We may receive data about you from third parties and public sources, including search information providers.
WHAT WE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use your personal data to better understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
to perform a contract we have with you and provide our services
to improve our services
to send you promotional materials about us (where you have opted in to such communications)
We may share your information with selected third parties, including: business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you. We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside Helix 3D for marketing purposes.
HOW LONG WE HOLD YOUR DATA
We will only hold your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for. In determining this period we will consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the data as well as the potential harm from unauthorised use or disclosure.
SECURITY + DISCLOSURE
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure and is not lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way. In order, to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
request access to personal data we hold about you;
request correction of the personal data we hold about you which may be incomplete or inaccurate;
request deletion or object to the processing of your personal data;
withdraw your consent to process your data.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for genuine business purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at tam@helix3d.co.uk
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the requirements of GDPR (commonly referred to as a ‘Subject Access Request’). If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to:
Tamasin Rhymes, Helix 3d Ltd, The Old Turbine Factory, 138 – 140 Nathan Way, London SE28 0AU
or
tam@helix3d.co.uk
Additionally, if you would like to withdraw consent, or if you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Search for:
Recent Posts
In a muddy field, quite nearby….
New Year New Tech
Certification and improvement
Business as usual while we renovate
Milan Upon Thames
Archives Archives
Select Month
January 2019
December 2018
November 2017
September 2017
August 2017
September 2015
August 2015
February 2015
December 2014
November 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
November 2013
October 2013
September 2013
August 2013
July 2013
June 2013
May 2013
April 2013
March 2013
February 2013
January 2013
December 2012
May 2012
April 2012
March 2012
Categories
Advertising
Commercial design
Creative
Event
Exhibition
Experiential Marketing
Exterior
Fashion
Film & TV
Interior
PR
Press coverage
Uncategorized