https://hellofurther.com/legal-terms-of-use/
Home
Products
Learning Center
Blog
About
Contact
Sign In
Member Group Partner
Products
Learning Center
Blog
About
Contact
Skip to content
Legal Terms of Use
Legal Terms of Use
Please read the following legal terms and conditions relating to your use of our website carefully. By using our Web site, you agree to these Legal Terms and Conditions (“Legal Terms and Conditions”). We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Legal Terms and Conditions at any time. Your use of our Web site following any such revisions will be deemed your acceptance of such revisions. You should periodically visit the Web site to review the current Legal Terms and Conditions to which you are bound. If you do not agree to these Legal Terms and Conditions, you should not use our Web Site and, if applicable, you should arrange to cancel your registered user account with us.
Copyright
The content of this Web site, including, without limitation, text, graphics, images and other material, including software developed and licensed by us, which permits the access and use of this Web site (collectively the “Content”), is protected by intellectual property laws, including copyright laws. All rights, title and interest in and to the Content remains vested in us and shall not pass to you or any other user.
Trademarks and Service Marks
The trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, and slogans contained in this Web site that are the trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos and slogans of MII Life Insurance, Inc., dba Further (each a “Mark” and collectively the “Marks”). You are not authorized to use any Mark in any advertisement, publicity or in any other commercial manner without our prior written consent.
Warranty Disclaimer
While efforts have been made to keep the information and Content on this Web site as accurate as possible, the information and Content may contain inaccuracies. Therefore, we do not guarantee the reliability, accuracy, completeness or appropriateness of any information or Content on this Web Site or make any representations about the results that may be obtained from the use of the information and/or Content on this Web site. The use of the information and Content on this Web site is at your own risk. The information and Content of this Web site is provided “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Limitation of Liability
We shall not under any circumstances be liable to any person or entity for any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages, including, without limitation, damages resulting from use of OR RELIANCE ON the information and Content on this Web site, loss of profits or revenues or costs of replacement products, even if informed in advance or otherwise aware of the possibility of such damages.
Information Cannot Be Construed as Advice
The information and content on this website is designed for your convenience to provide general information about Further and its products and services. Further cannot provide tax or investment advice. For specific tax filing questions, please consult your professional tax advisor. For investment advice, please consult your professional investment advisor.
Online Communications Security
We have taken precautionary measures to make all information from and to our online visitors as secure as possible against unauthorized access and use. However, no guarantee of 100% communications security can be made. You are also responsible for maintaining this security by taking reasonable measures such as keeping your ID and password private. If you believe your online security has been compromised or your communication is in regards to matters of a confidential nature, please contact Further directly by telephone at 800-859-2144 or write us at Further, P.O. Box 64193, St. Paul, Minnesota, 55164.
Disclaimer of Endorsement
References in this Web site to any third party products, services, processes, hypertext links to third parties or other information by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation by Further. Similarly, the fact that other third party sites may provide information about Further and/or provide links to this Web site does not necessarily constitute or imply the endorsement of such other third parties, their products or services by Further. We may also make forums, message boards and news groups available to you. Please understand that any information that is disclosed in these areas could become public information. We have no control over its use and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal information.
Links to Other Sites
This Web site and Content may contain links to web sites operated by third parties with or without single sign-on capability. These links are provided solely for convenience and reference purposes only. Please know that when you choose to use any of the links provided, you will be leaving this Web site and going to a new Web site. The inclusion of any such link does not imply that we endorse the content of any web site to which this Web site provides a link, nor are we liable for your reliance on or use of any information or materials contained in their site. By clicking on these links to access these services, users must be aware that they are entering into a business relationship that is wholly independent from Further, governed by the terms and conditions and privacy and other policies of the third-party. Where single sign-on capability is provided for convenience, Further only transmits limited data elements sufficient to uniquely identify the user; for example: first and last name, or account ID. Further has no control over and makes no representations as to the privacy policies and practices of such third parties. When you click on links to outside sites and buy products, we may earn money from qualifying purchases.
Governing Law and Forum for Disputes
By accessing, transmitting or viewing any information on this Web site, you agree to be subject to personal jurisdiction in the State of Minnesota. Any claim or dispute arising out of accessing, transmitting or viewing any information on this Web site shall be venued in Dakota County, Minnesota and governed by the laws of the State of Minnesota.
Non-Discrimination
Legal Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Security Policy
Sitemap
© Further 2020