https://helmitin.com/privacy-policy/
COVID-19 UPDATE: HOW WE ARE RESPONDING AND PREPARING
0Items :
0Subtotal : £0.00View CartCheck OutHome
About Us
Products
Green Initiatives
Distributors
Contact
Customer Service 877 823 2624
Order Now
QUALITY ADHESIVE SOLUTIONS FOR OVER 100 YEARS
Home
About Us
Products
Green Initiatives
Distributors
Contact
0Items :
0Subtotal : £0.00View CartCheck Out
Privacy Policy We, Helmitin, are committed to protecting any personal information provided voluntarily by you through this website (www.helmitin.com), including your name, address, e-mail address and other personally identifiable information (collectively, the “Personal Information”) as described below. With respect to this website, the Personal Information is protected in accordance with this website Privacy Policy set forth below. This website Privacy Policy applies only to this website (www.helmitin.com). We are not responsible for any other websites linked to this website. By visiting this website, you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy.
1. What Information is Collected
Personal Information and other information may be collected. Personal Information shall include the information listed above and any other information set forth in any legislation that is applicable to you. For instance, for legal residents of the European Union, “personal information” shall be read throughout this Privacy Policy as “personal data” as defined under the General Data Protection Regulation. In any case, we treat any information that makes it possible to identify you as an individual as personal information. For example, we consider your given name, surname, date of birth, postal address, telephone number, e-mail address, mobile number, as well as any information that is considered personal information under applicable laws to be personal information.
We collect and process the following categories of personal information:
Contact information, such as your given name, surname, postal address, telephone number, e-mail address;
Economic information, such as financial information that may be provided in connection with our services;
Login information, such as the ID and password you use to connect to your account on our website;
Interests and preferences information;
Any other information that you provide directly and voluntarily, including any message you send to us by e-mail and/or by contacting our customer service.
We, as well as service and content providers, may use a variety of cookies and similar tracking technologies (“Cookies”) that automatically collect certain website usage information whenever you visit or interact with us (“Usage Information”). Usage Information may include without limitation your information about your browser, operating system, all of the areas within our sites and e-mails that you visit, including content that you browse, and the time of day, among other information. Usage Information may also include your IP address or other unique identifier (“Device Identifier”) for the particular device you use to access the website. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer, mobile phone, or other device used to access the website and our servers identify your device by its Device Identifier. Subject to applicable laws, some mobile service providers may also provide us or our third-party service providers with information regarding the physical location of the device used to access our website.
Some Usage Information may be considered as Personal Information under certain laws, such as an IP address under the laws applicable in the European Union. To the extent that we combine Usage Information with your Personal Information, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
Cookies can be used by us and by third parties for analytics or other similar purposes. Please contact us to learn more about the type of technology used, the type of information collected, why it is collected, how it is used and how you can manage your preferences regarding the use of such technologies.
If you submit information on behalf of another individual (for example a friend, a family member, a member of a tour group you are organizing), you must ensure that you have his/her consent to share his/her personal information with us and you confirm that you have this consent.
2. Purpose of Use of Personal Information
We will use your Personal Information only for the purposes stated on this website, such as to provide you, in response to your requests and inquiries, with certain information tailored to your needs or of general interest to you or related to website functionality. We will not use the Personal Information for any other purposes without your prior consent. We also collect non-personal information about our online visitors using “cookies”, pixels, web beacons, and other technologies that operate automatically when you visit our website. We use this information to give our website visitors a more relevant online experience and to help us make website improvements. The information helps us understand which parts of our websites are the most popular, where our online visitors are going, and how long they spend there. If you do not want us to collect information using cookies, you can disable this function in your browser. If you block cookies from us, however, you may not be able to see personalized content and our website may not function optimally.
For legal residents of the European Union, note that the processing of your Personal Information is founded on at least one of the following legal bases:
You have consented to the processing activity;
The processing activity is necessary for compliance with one or more legal obligations;
The processing activity is necessary for the performance of a service you have requested;
The processing activity is necessary for one or more of the following legitimate interests pursued by us, our affiliated entities and/or a third party:
To better understand our customers’ interests and preferences by analyzing, profiling and monitoring their behavior on our website in order to globally improve the website, our products, and services;
To offer you an optimal customer experience, namely by tailoring the website, our products, and services to your interests and preferences;
To ensure the proper functionality and security of the website.
These processing activities benefit both us and you without undermining or overriding any of your rights, interests or fundamental liberties.
Note that when the processing of your personal information is based on consent, you can withdraw such consent at any time by contacting us at one of the locations listed below.
3. How We Collect Personal Information
We collect Personal Information under the circumstances listed below. In certain circumstances or for certain purposes, providing your Personal Information is voluntary (for example, when you complete the intake form on our website). However, in other circumstances, providing your Personal Information is mandatory and we may not be able to provide you with the services or products requested if you choose not to provide such information.
We collect your personal information in the following circumstances:
When you complete an intake form on our website;
When you interact with the digital content on the website;
When you send us an inquiry or otherwise communicate with us;
When you apply for a job;
When you provide us with your personal information while onsite at an event, such as when you log in to the Wi-Fi network;
When you post comments on the Website;
When you choose to give us permission to access your information from third party websites (for example, by linking to social media networks like Facebook).
4. Disclosure to Third Parties
We will not disclose the Personal Information to any third party without your prior consent except in the following cases:
when required by applicable laws and regulations;
when it is necessary to protect human life, limb or property, and it is otherwise difficult to obtain your consent;
when it is particularly necessary to improve public health or to promote the nurturing of children, and it is otherwise difficult to obtain your consent;
when a national institution or local public organization, or a fiduciary thereof is obligated to cooperate with the execution of a statutory mission, and where there is a possibility of interfering with such execution by obtaining your consent;
where the Personal Information is provided to the companies listed herein.
5. Sharing of Personal Information
To enable us to provide appropriate information tailored to your needs, in the event that your requests and inquiries are only in relation to products or services dealt with by affiliate companies then we will share the Personal Information with those such affiliates. We undertake the full responsibility for handling of the Personal Information when sharing it with the companies described herein.
We may enter your information into one of our databases so we can later contact you to obtain your input, provide information about our products, or provide a more personalized online experience. We will not sell, trade, or share your Personal Information with any other entity, except as described herein. We do not send mailings to our contacts on behalf of other organizations unless the contact has given us specific permission to do so. On occasion, we may share your information with our vendors and other partners that help us provide you with product information. These vendors are bound by confidentiality rules and are permitted to use the information only to support our operations. We also disclose information as required by law.
We may also share your Personal Information with the following third parties as needed to service your business with us:
Service providers;
Promotional partners;
Other parties with your express consent;
Restructuring transactional parties;
Legal or administrative parties, as described above.
6. Management of Personal Information
We take appropriate measures to prevent leakage or outflow of Personal Information.
We use a variety of security measures to protect your data. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access to and improper use of personally identifiable information such as encryption, access controls, network firewalls, and physical security. When we work with other companies to process information, those companies also use encryption and other appropriate security measures.
While your Personal Information will be collected and stored on servers in Canada or in the United States of America, it may be shared with, stored and/or otherwise processed by group affiliates and/or by third parties who are located in other countries. For example, some of the service providers that process or handle Personal Information on our behalf are located outside of these countries. Regardless of where the processing of your personal information takes place, we will take steps to protect your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, data protection laws, and where required by applicable laws, recognized data transfer mechanisms (such as EU-US Privacy Shield Certification of third party service providers that we use or standard data protection clauses recognized by the European Commission). While we use reasonable means to safeguard your personal information, it is subject to the legal requirements and governmental authorities of the foreign jurisdictions in which it is located. For example, we may be legally required to disclose personal information to a governmental authority of a foreign jurisdiction in which your personal information is located.
We have adopted reasonable security procedures to help protect against loss or theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification to the Personal Information you provide to us. While we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any Personal Information you disclose or transmit on the website and cannot be responsible for the loss, theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification of your Personal Information, unless otherwise provided by law.
We will retain your Personal Information only as long as is necessary for the fulfillment of the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy or for a longer period if required or permitted under applicable laws. We may retain your Personal Information for an additional period in archive databases, including for the duration of applicable statutes of limitation in order to be able to exercise our rights and/or defend ourselves in case of legal claims. Please note that if you merely unsubscribe from marketing communications, we may nonetheless continue to use your Personal Information for marketing and business analytics purposes, unless you withdraw your consent to this activity or object to it by contacting us at one of the locations below.
Legislation in California provides that California residents are entitled to know how we respond to “Do Not Track” browser settings. If activated by you, these settings send a special signal to the websites you encounter indicating that you do not wish to be tracked. We do not respond to Do Not Track signals at this time. If we do so in the future, we will describe how so in an updated version of this Privacy Policy. Legislation in California also permits customers who are California residents to request certain information about the sharing of their personal information with third parties or, in some cases, affiliates for those third parties’ or affiliates’ own direct marketing purposes. For all such inquiries, please contact us at the locations provided below.
7. Complaints Office
With respect to inquiries or comments about our handling of Personal Information, or to exercise your rights related to your personal data, please contact us by using one of the following means:
by mail
Helmitin
ATTN: Website Privacy
99 Shorncliffe Road
Toronto, Ontario, M8Z 5K7
by e-mail
privacy@helmitin.com
Or
by mail
Helmitin
ATTN: Website Privacy
11110 Airport Road
Olive Branch, MS, 38654
by e-mail
privacy@helmitin.com
If you are not satisfied with how we have handled your request, or if your request was refused, you can apply to your local authority to have it examined. For European Union residents, you can communicate with your competent supervisory authority at http://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/item-detail.cfm?item_id=612080.
8. Revisions to this policy
This policy may be changed as needed from time to time in accordance with changes to the applicable laws and regulations.
Revision Date: April 9, 2019