http://helpdesk.justhost.com
This site utilizes JavaScript to function correctly. Looks like it's disabled on your browser. Please enable it for your best experience.
For instructions on enabling JavaScript, click here
Skip to main content
Search
Just Host Web Hosting Help Center
Most Popular Help Content
How To Setup An Email Account In Gmail - Connect New Email To Gmail
Learn how to check your email accounts from within Gmail. This tutorial will show you how to setup a POP account in GMail.
Video "How-to" Tutorial
4,773,598 views
tags: email gmail mail webmail
Email Application Setup - Outlook 2011 for macOS
How to setup an email account using Microsoft Outlook 2011
Knowledgebase Article
4,686,624 views
tags: email outlook
Shared Web Hosting Plans Cost Comparison
Just Host offers a number of great shared web hosting products and plans that fit all different types of budgets. View our price comparison chart today!
Knowledgebase Article
4,640,274 views
tags: faq price pricing shared
Getting Started with Your New Account
A step by step guide to using your new Just Host hosting account.
Getting Started Article
4,340,840 views
tags: MOJO domain email ftp password wordpress
What Is Domain Privacy Protection? GDPR Domain Masking and Whois Privacy
WHOIS Domain Privacy for domains registered with Just Host
Knowledgebase Article
2,937,531 views
tags: domain privacy whois
Just Host Name Servers NS - What Are Just Host Nameservers?
How do I modify my nameservers?
Knowledgebase Article
2,163,052 views
tags: dns nameservers
Phone Support
Current Status:
Online
Avg Wait:
Toll-free US:
888-755-7585
Outside US:
801-494-8420
Call us directly. An agent will assist you over the phone.
Live Chat Support
Current Status:
Online
Avg Wait:
Start Chatting
Have a quick question or need help right away? Our live chat team is available to assist you in realtime 24/7.
*Promotional pricing is for the first term only and regular rates apply upon renewal. 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee does not extend to domain names.
** Google ad credits are only available to customers in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom at this time.
¹ VAT (Value Added Tax) is not included in our advertised price and will be charged separately and itemized on invoices and billing information. Standard VAT rates based on EU Member State regulations may apply. Learn more.