https://help.risevision.com/hc/en-us/articles/360000915023-Privacy-Policy
Rise Vision Digital Signage Help Center
Manage Your Account
Policies
Articles in this section
Terms of service.
Terms of use.
Information security policy.
Incident response plan.
Privacy policy.
Welcome to our website (“our Site” or “the Site”). By using the Site or our Services, you consent to the collection and use of your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy. “Personal Information” is data about an individual who can be identified from that data, or from that data and other information to which one has access. Personal Information is usually your name in combination with another identifier, such as date of birth, postal address, email address, telephone number, or government-issued identification number. The specific definition of Personal Information often varies from one jurisdiction to another.
Many of our clients are businesses. Business information that is not associated with an individual is not Personal Information.
Personal Information Rise Vision May Collect
Visitors to our website use the software in different ways. Rise Vision seeks only to collect personal information that is necessary. For example, an individual that signs up for our software and uses it for free need only provide name and email. To purchase features or services, we may collect a variety of Personal Information from an individual, including mailing address, phone number, and payment information.
Individuals can always refuse to supply Personal Information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from accessing or using some pieces of the software.
Our business customers collect and use data in our software independent from Rise Vision. You should check with your company about its own privacy policy for Personal Information.
Rise Vision does not collect or maintain information from those actually known to be under the age of 13, and no part of our site is structured to attract anyone under the age of 13.
Other Information Rise Vision May Collect
We automatically gather information when you browse or view the Site. This information may include your browser type (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox or Internet Explorer), your domain, the Internet Protocol (IP) address assigned to your computer (or the unique device ID of your mobile device, or other unique identifier), the date and time of your visits, the pages on the Site you visit and other information related to your visit.
This information helps us better understand how individuals use the software and improve their experience. For example, logging errors occurring on displays can improve the performance of our software. Rise Vision also uses cookies to help remember and process the items in a shopping cart, save preferences for future visits, and compile aggregate data about how individuals use the software. We also use trusted third party services to help us track or analyze this other information, such as Hubspot, Google Analytics, FullStory, Segment, and ZenDesk.
How Rise Vision May Use Personal Information
For individual customers, we use your Personal Information for purposes of administration, billing, promotion of our events, products and services, and to provide you with and support our software.
We may also use your Personal Information to assess your degree of satisfaction with our software or the Site, to improve the effectiveness of the Site or software; to prevent, deter and investigate violations of this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions, or any fraud and other illegal activities; and to send you important notices regarding our Services and changes to our business policies. We review the Personal Information we collect periodically to determine its accuracy and whether it can be deleted.
How Your Information May Be Shared
Rise Vision does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your Personal Information. We may share your Personal Information with third parties who may help us operate the Site, assist us in providing you with our software, or help us assess your interest or satisfaction with the Site or the software.
How Do We Keep Your Information Secure
We maintain a variety of security measures, including physical, electronic and administrative safeguards. No system can be completely secure, so we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your Personal Information will always remain secure.
Rise Vision uses SSL certificates, and its infrastructure is hosted on the Google Cloud Platform, Google’s security policies are available here: https://cloud.google.com/security/compliance/
Keeping Your Personal Information Accurate
Individuals have the opportunity to correct, update, and delete personal information in Rise Vision through their company settings, user settings, and store account settings.
The Do Not Track Browser Option
We do not support the Do Not Track browser option.
Contact Us
Contact us via telephone at 866-770-1150, email at support@risevision.com, or at:
Rise VisionP.O. Box 505331St. Louis, MO 63150-5331
Last revised: November 13, 2019
Related articles
Terms of service.
Terms of use.
Get started In 3 steps.
Information security policy.
How to use a claim ID.