https://herdl.com/privacy/
Document
Privacy
Privacy Policy Statement
Privacy policy statement for https://herdl.com.
What we do with your information
When you enter information on our website, as part of a sign up process or other means, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
We store your data on our secure servers in the UK. We have procedures and security features in place to keep your data secure once we receive it.
We won’t share your information with any other organisations for marketing, market research or commercial purposes, and we don’t pass on your details to other websites.
When you browse our website, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
With your permission, we may send you emails about our website, new products and other updates. By submitting your personal data and giving your consent, you agree to this. We use the device information that we collect to help us improve and optimise our website (for example, by generating analytics about how users browse and interact with pages, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns). This information may also be used to retarget you for advertising purposes through third party services.
Please read our General Data Protection Policy here.
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information you must give consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
When you visit our website, we automatically collect information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and cookies are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse our website, we collect information about the individual web pages that you view, which websites or search terms referred you, and information about how you interact with our website.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at hello@herdl.com or mailing us at: Herdl Ltd 4 Pass Courtyard, Ashby-de-la-zouch, LEC, LE651AG, United Kingdom
Disclosure
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
Third-party Services
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. If so, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
Once you leave our website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
As such, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use this website. Please read here to learn more about how Google uses your Personal Information: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
As described above, we use your personal information and device information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications, depending on your preferences. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by visiting these links below:
Facebook – https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
Google Ads – https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
Google Personalised Ads – https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en-GB
Bing Ads – https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of other advertising services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
Please note that we do not alter our website’s data collection and use practices to avoid data collection as best we can when we detect a “Do Not Track” signal from your browser.
Links
When you click on links on our website, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
Security
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
Cookies
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to receive cookies or not.
Google Analytics:
_ga
_gat
_gid
__utma
__utmb
__utmc
__utmz
___utmv
Cloudflare:
__cfduid
DoubleClick
IDE
Drift
driftt_aid
driftt_sid
Popup Maker
pum-3358
Other
dc
All of the above are of various duration and a mix of session and “permanent” cookies lasting 30 mins, 6 months, or 1-2 yrs. These cookies anonymously track use of this website. These cookies are set or updated on any page visited. Several cookies are set but all serve the same purpose of how people reached the site, used it including search terms used and referring sites and provide us with device information.
For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Log files
“Log files” track actions occurring across the website, and collect data that includes your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
Other Web Beacons
Other “Web beacons” or “tags” or “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse this website
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, it will be available here, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our website is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
Questions and Contact
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at hello@herdl.com or by mail at Herdl Ltd
[Re: Privacy]
4 Pass Courtyard, Ashby-de-la-zouch, LEC, LE651AG, United Kingdom
PRIVACY
We respect your privacy. Learn more.
X