https://hexagongroup.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyHexagon Composites ASA takes the protection of your privacy seriously. The company’s internal routines ensure that we handle your personal information securely and in accordance with legal requirements. This statement explains why we collect information, how we use it and how we adapt to the privacy protection.Privacy policy for visitors to the websiteWe, Hexagon Composites ASA, Korsegata 4B, 6002 Ålesund, Norway, Phone +47 70 30 44 50, Email: office@hexagongroup.com set out below which of your data we process on this website.Should you have any questions relating to data protection, our data protection officer would be happy to respond at +47 70 30 44 50 or at email: dpo@hexagongroup.comOur central website serves all companies of Hexagon Group. All companies jointly determine the purposes and means of the processing as joint controllers:Hexagon Composites ASAHexagon Composites ASA and the group companies have determined how the data protection obligation have to be fulfilled in an joint controllership agreement pursuant to Art. 26 GDPR. Please feel free to contact the above-mentioned contacts if you have any data protection queries regarding the joint processing of data.Purpose, legal basis, categories of recipients, storage period for the data processingPurpose: Presentation of the group of companies and provision of services and/or sale of products, as well as communication through the InternetThe purpose of data processing on this website is to provide information about the products and services of our group of companies, combined with the opportunity for users to be able to make contact with the appropriate contact person.We process personal data in accordance with the following legal bases:Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR for the processing of personal data with the consent of the data subject.Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR for the processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a contract with the data subject, as well as for taking appropriate steps prior to entering into a contract.Art. 6 (1)(c) GDPR for the processing necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject in accordance with applicable EU law or in accordance with the applicable law of a country in which the GDPR is applicable in whole or in part.Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR for the processing of personal data necessary to protect the legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject. Legitimate interests are, in particular, our commercial interest to be able to provide our website, the security of information, the enforcement of our own legal claims and the compliance with further legislation.To this end, in the context of service provision, we use service providers that have been separately bound to maintain confidentiality and to protect data. Data shall only be disclosed to a third party in the existence of overriding statutory provisions. As a globally active group, we also use suppliers from all over the world. If a subsidiary in a third country is involved in a process, the data is transferred to that country, for example for the execution of a request. This is always done on the basis of corresponding data protection agreements.When you visit the website, a connection is established with your browser. The information collected, which is listed below, is stored in temporary system files and recorded automatically: IP address of your device, data and time of access, name and URL of files accessed, website from which access is initiated or from which you are directed to our site (referrer URL), browser used and, where applicable, the operating system of your device, as well as the name of your provider.The data specified is processed by us for the purpose of seamlessly establishing a connection and for system security. The connection data created is automatically deleted is and is not retained for more than seven days. If the website is used improperly, log files, which need to be retained for evidence purposes, are saved until the incident is clarified.Use of cookiesThis website uses so-called “cookies”, or text files, which are stored on your computer. Some are essential for the functionality of the website, others help us to optimize the website.Name of CookieMaximum StorageFunctionLegal Basis_utma2 yearsUsed to distinguish users and sessions.Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR (consent - Google Analytics)_utmb30 minUsed to determine new sessions/visits.Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR (consent - Google Analytics)_utmcUntil browser is closedUsed to determine whether the user was in a new session/visitArt. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR (consent - Google Analytics)_utmt10 minUsed to throttle request rate.Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR (legitmate interests)_utmz6 monthsStores the traffic source or campaign that explains how the user reached the site.Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR (consent - Google Analytics)accept-cookies1 yearHides the popup information about cookie policyArt. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR (legitmate interests)_gat_gtag5 hoursUsed to determine whether Google Analytics has fired.Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR (consent - Google Analytics)_ga2 yearsUsed to distinguish what user is visiting the site.Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR (consent - Google Analytics)_gid5 hoursUsed to distinguish what user is visiting the site.Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR (consent - Google Analytics)cookielawinfo-checkbox-non-necessary5 hoursUsed to determine if the user has opted into non-necessary cookiesArt. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR (legitmate interests)cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary1 yearUsed to determine if the user has opted into necessary cookiesArt. 6 (1) lit. c GDPR (legal requirement)viewed_cookie_policy1 yearUsed to determine Whether or not the user viewed the cookie policyArt. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR (legitmate interests)You can prevent cookies from being saved by changing the appropriate setting in your browser software; however, we would like to point out that in this case you would not be able to use all the features of this website to their full extent.Google Tag ManagerWe use the Google Tag Manager, a service of Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland to manage the Google Services. This is used to manage the Google Services on our site, no data processing is performed by the Google Tag Manager.Use of Google AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Ireland Ltd, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland ("Google"). The legal basis for this processing is your consent pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.Google Analytics also uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. It is not excluded that the information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. On this website IP-anonymisation is activated, your IP address will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other states which are party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. A data transfer to the USA will only take place if the requirements of Art. 44 ff. GDPR are fulfilled. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on the website activities and to provide further services to the website operator in connection with the use of the website and the internet. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the scope of Google Analytics is not combined with other data from Google. The user data is deleted after 14 months.You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future and prevent the use of data by Google by downloading and activating the available browser plugin: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.You can also prevent the storage of cookies by adjusting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all the functions of this website to their full extent.Further information on data protection at Google can be found at https://policies.google.com/privacy.Globenewswire contentWe use services of https://www.globenewswire.com/ for feeds and for our press page. Globenewswire is a service of Intrado, 175 Bloor Street East, South Tower, Suite 9000, Toronto, Ontario M4W 3R8, Canada. The legal basis for this processing are our legitimate interest, in particular, our commercial interest to deliver content concerning the Hexagon group pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR.The possibility of data being transferred to the USA is not excluded.The use of Globenewswire is based on a privacy agreement, which you can download here:https://www.westuc.com/files/Data-Processing-Agreement.pdfMore information on data protection at Intrado can be found here: https://www.west.com/legal-privacy/Subscription to new content via GlobenewswireThe purpose of the processing is to inform you of news about the Hexagon group of companies via email. We are sending news on the basis of consent pursuant to Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR.To provide the service, we are using Globenewswire (Intrado, 175 Bloor Street East, South Tower, Suite 9000, Toronto, Ontario M4W 3R8, Canada). The possibility of data being transferred to the USA is not excluded.The use of Globenewswire is based on a privacy agreement, which you can download here: https://www.westuc.com/files/Data-Processing-Agreement.pdf More information on data protection at Intrado can be found here: https://www.west.com/legal-privacy/When registering for the newsletter, the so-called double opt-in procedure is used; the request for the newsletter must be actively confirmed by you once again by clicking on the link in the e-mail sent to you. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the "Unsubscribe" link. You are welcome to send us a cancellation request also via e-mail to the e-mail address given above; you can also unsubscribe at the footer of the subscription form.Use of libraries and content delivery networks:We use some Java libraries and content delivery networks to design the website and optimize the speed.Legal basis for this processing is Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR, the processing is conducted within the scope of our legitimate interests, in particular, our commercial interest to be able to provide our website in a safe and attractive way.These are essentially:- S3.amazonaws.com and cloudfront.net – privacy information: https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/- cdn.datatables.net – privacy information https://cdn.datatables.net/privacy.htmlThrough your browser a connection to these providers is established and the content is reloaded. A tracking function is not associated with this.Contact formIf you write to us via our contact form, your data from the form will be processed to process your request. The legal basis for the transmission to us is your consent according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future. The data will then be deleted. If no obligation to retain data arises from your request (e.g. in the case of an order), the data will be deleted after three years. Your data will be forwarded internally to the responsible contact person for processing your request. Your data will not be passed on to third parties without your approval.Your right to information, rectification, deletion, object and data portabilityYou may avail yourself of your right to information, rectification and deletion of data at any time. Simply contact us using one of the methods described above. Should you require data to be deleted, which we are still legally obligated to retain, access to your data will be restricted (blocked). The same applies to an appeal. You may avail yourself of your right to data portability if the recipient and ourselves have the technical means.Right of appealYou have the option at any time to lodge an appeal with a data protection supervisory authority. An overview of the European supervisory authorities can be found here:https://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htmData security / encryption This website uses “Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure” (https). The connection between your browser and our server is encrypted.Currency of and changes to this privacy statementWe reserve the right to change the content of this privacy statement at any time. This is usually done if the services used are subject to further development or adaptation. You can view the current privacy statement on our website. Date of this statement: 29 of April 2020
Privacy & Cookies Policy Privacy Information / Consent Hexagon uses cookies to make our site easier for you to use. Some are essential, some are used to evaluate the usage of the website. With clicking "Accept“, you agree that your behavior is evaluated by Google Analytics. You will find further information and revocation options in our privacy policy. View Cookie Settings Accept No ThanksPrivacy Overview
×
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary (Always enabled) Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-Necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.