https://hi-line.com/privacy-policy
The cookie settings on this website are set to 'allow all cookies' to give you the very best experience. Please click Accept Cookies to continue to use the site.
Accept Cookies
Privacy Policy
We recognize that privacy is an important issue. We have developed our Privacy Policy (hereafter, "Policy") to explain the practices of Hi-Line, Inc. and (hereafter, "Hi-Line," "we," or "us") regarding the personal information we collect from you or about you whether on this site, in person, or through written or verbal communications with us.
Information Collected
In conducting business with our customers, on our websites, and every other touchpoint, we may collect personal information. This personal information may including, but is not limited to,
your
geographic location, IP address, tracking codes, the domain name, the web page, the length of time spent, and the pages accessed while visiting this site.
In addition, we collect other personal information in certain cases, such as:
E-commerce transactions: We collect personally identifiable and transactional information provided by companies and site visitors that purchase products from our site. This information includes contact information, shipping information, credit card holder name, and card number/expiration date. We may also retain the content of the communications that are sent to our customer service representatives.
Online Job Applications:
Within our main website, we maintain a Careers site with online applications for employment. Information collect includes, but is not limited to, name, address, work history, education history, personal references, and criminal history.
This information is securely stored with a third party vendor that provides employment recruiting services but is only accessed by Hi-Line employees and contractors for the purposes of hiring future Hi-Line employees.
Information/Service Request Forms: Throughout our site, we offer opportunities for visitors to request information on products or services.
Information collected includes, but is not limited to name, email, company, address and phone number.
Information from Third Parties:
We may collect information about you from third parties with whom we work or contract with.
For example, our suppliers and business partners may provide sales leads with your contact information.
Use of the Information Collected
Examples of how we use the information collected include:
Product and Service Fulfillment: We use the information to fulfill and manage online purchases, orders and payments and to provide requested services.
Marketing Purposes: We may use the information to send newsletters, promotions, and e-mails to market our services and products.
Internal Operations: We use some information about our visitors to improve the effectiveness our website and marketing efforts.
Employment: We use data collect from our Careers website to assist in hiring future Hi-Line employees.
Legal Compliance: We may use the information to assist in law enforcement and respond to legal inquiries.
Information Sharing
We occasionally share information we collect from our customers and site visitors.
Service Providers: We may share the information we collect with companies that provide support services to us such as analytics providers, web hosting providers, payment processors, coupon delivery vendors, or that help us market our products and services. These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions. These companies are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose.
Legal Requirements: We may disclose information we collect to comply with the law; to enforce or apply applicable terms and conditions and other agreements.
Our Suppliers: We may share aggregate information (information that does not directly identify an individual) with our product suppliers to assist them in gathering accurate sales history data.
Cookies
Our site uses cookies to help personalize and remember settings used in certain features of the site.
If you set your computer to not receive cookies at any time, certain personalized services cannot be provided to you, and accordingly, you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the our site’s features (i.e. you will be able to browse the site, but might not be able to make a purchase). We do not store personally identifiable information in our cookies.
In addition to our own cookies, we currently use web site analytic services from Google to analyze traffic information to our sites.
Google uses cookies and web beacons to collect this information.
We currently do not use advertising network services or any other third party services that set cookies to track visitors across multiple sites.
Policy Updates
We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy as business needs require. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here prior to the time they take effect. If we make material changes to the way we use personal data, affected users who have provided us with an e-mail address will be notified via e-mail.
Last update: 2-15-2017
Questions
If you have questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us by phone at 1-800-723-9010 or email: info@hi-line.com
×
All other trademarks or registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners.