https://hickton.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Hickton – Clerk of Works
Home
COVID-19 Update
Our business
About us
Why choose us?
Who uses us?
When are we needed?
Where do we work?
Our people
Services
Clerk of Works Services
NEC Supervisor Services
Technical Reviews
Condition Surveys
Quality Site Inspection CPD presentations
Building Control services
Energy Consultancy services
Projects
Authority
Care home
College
Health
Heritage
Hotels
Housing
Leisure
Office
Residential
School
Student accommodation
University
Defects
News
Careers
Why join our team?
Current vacancies
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement explains how Hickton Consultants Ltd (Hickton) collect information from you via the website (www.hickton.co.uk) or in any manner expressly described in this privacy statement and how the information is then used. The policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations and requirements of the users, the website and website owners. Hickton comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
What personal data do we collect?
You may look through our Website without giving us any personal data about yourself. If you wish to submit an application via our Website or directly in writing to join Hickton, we will ask you to complete an online application form and submit a CV and/or other relevant information. If you are not appointed to the role for which you apply, we will keep your completed application form, cv and other information on file for a reasonable period in order to contact you with alternative employment opportunities unless you do not want us to do so.
If you provide us with information about another person, you confirm that they have appointed you to act for them to consent to the processing of their personal data including sensitive personal data and that you have informed them of our identity and the purposes (as set out in this privacy statement) for which their personal data will be processed. Where you provide information about referees or emergency contact details, you should ensure that they have given their permission.
How do we use personal data?
We may use your personal data and information we obtain from other sources:
• To administer and/or improve our Website;
• To deal with any requests submitted by you via the contact us page;
• To process any job application that you submit to us via our Website;
• For statistical and research purposes; and/or
• To otherwise respond to any requests, queries or comments submitted to us by you.
We will not share your information with any third parties unless required for a job application discussed with you previously.
Sensitive personal data
By providing us with your personal data, you consent to us processing your personal data, including any sensitive personal data. We will not share any of your personal data with third parties.
The website
Our website and its owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience. This website complies to all UK national laws and requirements for user privacy.
Use of cookies
Cookies are text-only files placed onto your computer by websites. They are used to help websites remember who you are, tailor content to you and track visitor trends, but cannot be used by themselves to identify you.
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Who’s Visiting and Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information.
Contact and communication consent
By using the Website you consent to the processing of data about you by Hickton in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Social media platforms
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. This website nor its owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.
Security
The website has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the personal data under our control.
Links to other websites
We may link to third party websites and/or display advertisements from third parties on our Website from time to time. We are not responsible for the content or privacy policies of these third party websites and/or for such third party advertisers, nor for the way in which information about their users is treated. In particular, unless expressly stated, we are not agents for these third party websites or advertisers, nor are we authorised to make representations on their behalf.
Your rights
You are entitled to ask for a copy of all the information we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies in your information corrected.
To obtain a copy of this information, if your personal details change or if you have a query or comment about the way we use your personal data, please let us know by contacting info@hickton.co.uk.
Change to the privacy statement
This privacy policy may change and therefore you should review it regularly. We will of course notify you of any changes where we are required to do so.
Any questions about this policy should be addressed to the Managing Director.
Barnsley (Head Office)
Amber Court
51 Church Street
Elsecar
Barnsley
South Yorkshire
S74 8HT
01226 743959
info@hickton.co.uk
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Unique Inspection | hicktongroup.co.uk
Building Control | brcs.co.uk
Building Control | cookbrown.co.uk
Energy Consultancy | cookbrown.co.uk/energy
View our latest video
© 2017 - 2020 Hickton
Back to Top