https://hinesbending.com/privacy-policy/
Sign in
close
Username or email *
Password *
Log in
Lost your password?
Remember me
No account yet?
Create an Account
Search for:
Search
Home
Tube Pipe Benders
CNC Benders
NC Benders
Induction Benders
Bender Accessories
BENDPRO G2 CNC CONTROL
Romer
Customers
Tube and Pipe Bender Gallery
Tube and Pipe Bender Training
Bending Industry Terms
Why Buy A Hines Bender
Customers First Promise
Client Showcase
Hines on the Go
Bender Market
Sell Used Tube and Pipe Benders
Buy Used Tube Benders For Sale
Login / Register
Shopping cart
close
239-433-2132
+1 011 (239) 433 2132
bend@hinesbending.com
English
English Spanish
Online Privacy
Hines Bending Systems, Inc. (“HINES”, “we” or “us”) understands the concerns Internet users have about the privacy and security of information. This policy tells you about HINES’s priorities for protecting your privacy and security, in addition to providing you with the best possible online experience.
Information Gathered
In addition to commonly used tracking data techniques employed by Google, Bing and other search engines, including HTML hyperlinks as described below and others, HINES occasionally gathers information about web site visitors and activity to improve the quality of online information and services offered. As you visit and use the web site, HINES may automatically track certain information about you to help us better understand how the web site is used and how we can enhance your overall experience on the web site. This information may include the domain name of the web site from which you are connecting, the URLs and web site pages you visit, the number of times you visit each web site page, what downloads and/or queries you have made, how long you spent on particular sections of the web site, and your browser or computer operating system type. We do not collect any information about your email address or other personally identifiable information merely by reason of your having visited this web site. The information is generally gathered through the use of “cookies” and “clear GIFs.”
A “cookie” is a small piece of information that a web site sends to a visitor’s computer in text file format so that the web site can recognize your computer when you return to the web site. In some cases, it is stored on your hard drive. Cookies can save the visitor’s useful information that enables the web site to recall your preferences. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you have set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. Please refer to your browser instructions for information regarding erasing, blocking, and receiving warnings for cookies. Declining the Internet cookie may, however, interfere with a visitor’s ability to view certain content in our web site. We and our service providers sometimes use “clear GIFs” in connection with cookies and other web site functions. Clear GIFs perform administrative functions without detracting from your online experience. They may be used to perform statistical and administrative tasks including measuring site and page traffic, verifying advertising avenues and positioning images on the web. Clearing GIFs do not collect personal information.
Optional Voluntary Information
There are occasions where we ask you to voluntarily submit information about yourself, such as your name, title, address,
e-mail address and other corporate buying information – including buying time frame, the model to the bending machine for which you may have interest and other preferences. We typically collect this information via a form. We use this identifying information about you to enable us to better understand your needs, adjust to your personal preferences, and to contact you regarding properties you may be interested in and for other similar business purposes.
Reasons for Gathering of Information
Information is collected and web site traffic patterns are monitored by us on this web site for a variety of purposes, including:
• Providing direct feedback to you upon your request
• Editorial and feedback purposes
• Marketing and promotional purposes
• Statistical analysis of users’ behavior to measure the effectiveness of this web site
• Product development
• Content improvement
• To inform advertisers how many visitors have seen or clicked on their advertisements
• Customization and improvement of the content and layout of our web site
Use of Information and Protection of Your Privacy
As mentioned above, we track your usage of this web site to better understand your needs, and enable you to effectively use our web site. We may use third party contractors who can access our databases for the purpose of conducting repairs or upgrades to our computer system. We may also use third party service providers and give access to your personal information as part of the services they provide to us. We hold all such third parties to the same privacy standards to which we hold ourselves. We require these third parties to use and disclose your personal information only as necessary to perform their services for us. We may also disclose the information we collect to third parties as is required, usual, appropriate or acceptable to help us manage or administer our business, to regulators or as required or permitted by law.
Security
We operate secure data networks protected by industry standard security protocols, such as (if and where appropriate) firewalls, encryption and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary, and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our users.
Hyperlinks
This web site may contain hyperlinks or “links,” to and from other Internet sites. These sites may have different privacy practices from the ones described here. Since this Privacy Policy applies solely to this web site, please remember to read the privacy statements of the other web sites you visit.
Internet Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date first written above. By using this web site you consent to the collection and use by us of the information about you in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. From time to time we may modify or update this Privacy Policy. All changes will be promptly posted at this location on our web site. We recommend that visitors to our web site re-visit this Privacy Policy on occasion to learn of changes to our privacy practices and policies.
PayPal’s Privacy Rights
Throughout the HINES Bending System’s web site, we give users the ability to buy certain products from us. As soon as your purchase is tallied – price, shipping, handling, taxes where applicable, and other clearly designated items – HINES sends users directly to PayPal’s secure web site to complete the purchase. HINES does not and will not take a payment on our site, and any payment processing with respect to the type of payment – PayPal, VISA, MC, and American Express – must be resolved directly with PayPal. PayPal affords its users maximum security. For further detail on PayPal’s Privacy Policy, please visit their web site by clicking here.
Unsubscribe
At any point, should you wish to be deleted from HINES lists, please send an email to bend@hinesbending.com, with a SUBJECT LINE: Please Unsubscribe. All HINES mass email distributions are CAN-SPAM compliant, and you will be able to unsubscribe directly from that communiqué.
Contact
It is important to us that we hear what visitors have to say about our web site, our services, or any other issues. If you have any questions and/or concerns, or want to let us know what you think, please email us at bend@hinesbending.com or call toll free to (800) 949-8344.
Last Updated: June 1, 2017
Follow
Find
Chirp
Watch
General
About Us
News
Contact Us
Blog
Information
Warranty Registration
Warranty Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Sitemap
Location Hines Bending Systems Inc.
6441 Metro Plantation Road
Fort Myers, FL 33966 USA
toll free (800) 949-8344 (US + Canada)
+1 011 (239) 433-2132 (office)
(239) 433-4132 (fax)
© 2018 Hines® Bending Systems. All rights reserved. Web Design Boca Raton by UltraWeb Marketing
Scroll To Top