http://hkfire.co.uk//privacy-policy/
Privacy Notice
Our commitment to privacy
At Hall & Kay we take our responsibility to process the personal information provided to us seriously. This privacy notice explains how we do that. It sets out how and why we collect and use your personal information, what information we collect, and explains your rights. We are required under the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) to notify you of the information contained in this privacy notice.
Purpose of collecting your information and legal basis
We process personal information to:
enable us to carry out our services
to maintain our accounts and records
to support and manage our staff
enable us to communicate with you
We rely upon a number of different legal bases for processing personal information and sensitive information, these include:
Processing personal information where it is in our legitimate interests to do so
Where it is necessary for the fulfilment of a contract
Where it is necessary to carry out our obligations under employment law
We only collect information that has been supplied voluntarily; you do not have to provide us with personal information.  However, if you do not provide us with information we need by law or require to do work, we may not be able to offer a complete service.
What personal information do we collect?
We collect the following personal information (as applicable):
Financial information – bank account details, pension information, salary details, payroll records.
Employment information – CV details, proof of right to work, copies of passport, copies of driving license, terms and conditions of employment, disciplinary documentation.
Contact details – addresses, phone numbers, e-mail addresses, emergency contact details.
Qualifications and evidence of competence.
Sensitive information (see below).
Sensitive information
H&K only collects and processes the sensitive information of its employees for recruitment and diversity purposes. This includes categories such as sexual orientation, religious beliefs, ethnicity, disability information and copies of passports. This information is voluntarily given by employees and available to view privately, it can be deleted or amended by the employee at any time via our iTrent – Employee Self Service (ESS) system.
Who do we share your personal information with?
We sometimes need to share the personal information we process with the individual themselves and also with other organisations.
We may share your personal information with:
H&K employees who require it to perform their jobs.
Family, associates and representatives of the person whose personal data we are processing.
Organisations that support the products or services we provide such as suppliers or clients.
Our parent company (Integral) who use the information for HR purposes.
Anyone you give us permission to share it with.
Official bodies to detect and prevent criminal activity e.g. money laundering, theft, fraud, terrorism, cybercrime.
We will never sell your personal information and we take steps to keep your details safe and secure.
How long do we hold on to your information for?
H&K will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purpose we collect it. Different laws may also require us to keep different data for different periods of time.
What are your rights over your personal information?
Where applicable, you have the following rights over your personal information:
Your access to the personal information we hold on you.
The correction of your information if incorrect, out of date or incomplete.
To ask us to erase your information – we may need to keep some of your information for legal and business reasons.
To restrict the processing of your personal information.
Data Breaches
In the event of a data breach H&K will establish the likelihood and severity of the breach and ensure we notify those of which the data breach has affected. If it’s likely there will be a risk from the resulting breach, we will also notify the Information Commissioners Office (ICO) who is the UK regulatory body for data protection.
Updates to this Privacy Notice
H&K reserve the right to update this Privacy Notice at any time. When we have to do this the revised notice will be posted on this page. Please check this page to review any changes we have made.
If you require any further information regarding this Privacy Notice please contact: privacy@hkfire.co.uk
Cookies
This website uses things called “Cookies” to ensure your experience of the site, and our ability to improve it is enhanced. Specifically, the following Cookies are in use:
Google Analytics (3rd party). We use this to see how many visitors we are getting, and how they found us. You can find out more about Google Analytics’ Cookies here
Social Media Sharing and Integration (3rd party). We use Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn functionality within this site so that you can share items of interest, or become a fan of our Social Media Profiles. You can find out more about Facebook’s Cookie use here, Instagram’s here and LinkedIn’s here
We also sometimes use video embedding, like YouTube or Vimeo (3rd party) to enhance your experience of content on our site. You can find out about YouTube’s Cookie policy here and Vimeo’s here
WordPress uses Cookies to further enhance the experience of the website, which you can read more about here