http://hlw-cpa.com/privacy-policy/
» Privacy Policy
502 Ellis Street, Penticton, BC
V2A 4M3
info@hlw-cpa.com
250 492 8821
Home
About
Derrick Webb, CPA, CGA
Matthew Jackson, CPA, CGA
Jeanine Nickel, CGA, CPA
Susan Morcombe
Tracy O’Brien
Service
Accounting & assurance
Corporate tax
Personal tax returns
Not-for-Profit
Careers
Contacts
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
HLW CHARTERED PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANTS INC.
PRIVACY PROTECTION PLEDGE
At HLW Chartered Professional Accountants Inc., we respect your privacy.  That is why we have developed the HLW Chartered Professional Accountants Inc. Privacy Code of which the objective is to specify HLW Chartered Professional Accountants Inc.’s guidelines for the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.
The HLW Chartered Professional Accountants Inc. Privacy Code was developed to comply with the relevant portions of the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (Canada).  We have drafted the HLW Chartered Professional Accountants Inc. Privacy Code to facilitate our compliance with this new legislation and to demonstrate our commitment to protecting your personal information.
We have also developed the HLW Chartered Professional Accountants Inc. Privacy Protection Pledge.  We want you to understand the purposes for which we collect personal information.  We also want to make certain that we have your consent to continue to collect, use and disclose your personal information for those purposes.
The following is a brief synopsis of our privacy practices:
Why do we need to collect your personal information?
If you are a HLW Chartered Professional Accountants Inc. client, HLW Chartered Professional Accountants Inc. may have collected some basic information about you.  We respect your privacy, which is why we collect personal information for the following purposes:
To enable communication
To administer your account with us
To process payments for services
To comply with the law and regulatory requirements
To allow us to complete and file your tax returns
To allow us to represent you with federal and provincial tax authorities
When do we disclose personal information?
There is a variety of circumstances where we may need to disclose some personal information about our clients.  Here are some examples:
When required by law
When filing tax and information returns with federal and provincial tax authorities
When representing you with federal and provincial tax authorities
When authorized by you to communicate with your legal advisor
When authorized by you to communicate with your banking and/or investment advisors
How do we protect your personal information?
In order to protect your personal information, HLW Chartered Professional Accountants Inc.:
will not collect, use or disclose your personal information for any purpose other than those identified above, except with your further consent;
will protect your personal information with appropriate security safeguards;
will protect the confidentiality of your personal information when dealing with other organizations;
will strive to keep your personal information as accurate and up to date as is necessary for the purposes identified above; and
will honour any request you may make for access to your personal information.
What are your choices?
We would like to have your consent to continue to collect, use and disclose your personal information for the purposes identified above.  However, you do have choices and can refuse or withdraw your consent as follows:
You may refuse to provide your personal information to us.
You may also withdraw your consent at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice.
However, in either case, this may limit our ability to serve you.
If you have any questions or concerns about our personal information management system, please contact the HLW Chartered Professional Accountants Inc. Privacy Officer at 250 492 8821 or via info@hlw-cpa.com.  Otherwise, we will assume that we have your consent to collect, use and disclose your personal information for the purposes identified above and in a manner consistent with The HLW Chartered Professional Accountants Inc. Privacy Code.
Client Portal
© 2020 Privacy Policy
Address
502 Ellis Street,
Penticton, BC V2A 4M3
Phone:
250 492 8821
info@hlw-cpa.com
Our Team
Derrick Webb, CPA, CGA
Matthew Jackson, CPA, CGA
Jeanine Nickel, CPA, CGA
Susan Morcombe
Tracy O'Brien
Our Services
Services
Accounting & Assurance
Corporate tax
Personal tax
Non-profits