https://holoeye.com/legal_notice/data-privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Data Privacy Statement
Home > Legal Notice > Data Privacy Statement
Responsibility and Validity
The authority responsible for data handling on this website is:
HOLOEYE Photonics AG
Volmerstr. 1
12489 Berlin
Germany
The data privacy policy applies to all of our websites.
Data Protection Rights
In accordance with applicable data protection law, you have the following rights:
Cancel your consent to data processing
The processing of data is only possible with with your express consent. The cancellation of your consent is possible at any time. For cancellation an informal notice by email is sufficient.
Request transfer of data
You have the right to receive your personal data, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format in order to transmit them to another data controller.
Information, correction, blocking, deletion
In accordance with applicable data protection law, you have a right to:
Receive  information about your stored personal data, origin of the data, their recipients and the purpose of data processing.
have any inaccurate information about you corrected.
have personal data we hold about you deleted, blocked or removed.
restrict the processing we make in relation with your personal data.
SSL Encryption
For security reasons and to protect the transfer of confidential or personal data our websites use SSL encryption. With SSL encryption no data transmitted trough our website is accessible by third parties. You can identify the encrypted connection by the “https://” indicated in you browser address bar and by the “lock” symbol indicated next to the address bar.
Collection of Data
Server-Log Files
Server log files are collected and stored by the provider oft the website or our servers automatically. The following information is transmitted by your webbrowser automatically:
type of Internet browser, version, OS and device details
visitor’s IP address
the date and time of visit, referring address (location from which a visitor comes to the Websites)
There will be no consolidation with other data sources. The base is the necessity for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as provided by Article 6, 1., (b) of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 (“GDPR”).
Contact Form
Data transmitted using the contact form on our website will be stored to process your request, to provide the necessary information to process follow up questions and for support handling.
The processing of your personal data transmitted by the contact form is based on your explicit consent, as provided by Article 6, 1., (a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 (“GDPR”). The cancellation of your consent is possible at any time. For cancellation an informal notice by email is sufficient.
Data transmitted by the contact form is stored at HOLOEYE until you request deletion or until no basic necessity is existing anymore.
Registration on Website
To use certain features, you can register on our website. The transmitted data serve exclusively for the purpose of the use of the respective offer or service.
In case of important changes we will inform you by e-mail. The e-mail will be sent to the address given when registering.
The processing of the data entered during registration is is based on your explicit consent, as provided by Article 6, 1., (a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 (“GDPR”). The cancellation of your consent is possible at any time. For cancellation an informal notice by email is sufficient.
The data collected during registration will be stored during the period you are registered on our website. Your data will be deleted should you cancel your registration.
Cookies
Cookies are usually a small piece of data sent from a website and stored on a user’s computer while the user is browsing the website. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, more effective and make it safer. They help us understand which sections of our websites are the most popular. Cookies cannot carry any viruses.
Most cookies used by us are “session cookies.” Such cookies are automatically deleted after the end of your browser session. On the other hand, other cookies remain on your device until you delete them yourself. Such cookies help us to recognize you when you return to our website.
The use of cookies is necessary for the performance of electronic communications or the provision of certain functions of the website and is based on Article 6, 1., (f) of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 (“GDPR”)
You may be able to configure your browser to restrict cookies or block all cookies if you wish, however if you disable cookies you may find this affects your ability to use certain parts of our website, applications or services.
Sharing of personal data
Our policy is to not give, sell or otherwise distribute personal data we collect to any third parties outside of HOLOEYE.
However, as we work with distributors in different countries we may forward your request with your express consent or where this is necessary and in accordance with applicable law. You find a list of distributors on our contact page: https://holoeye.com/contact/
Changes to our Data Privacy Statement
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. However we will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Notice. We will always update this Privacy Notice on our website, so please try to read it when you visit the website.
PagesHome
Company
Careers
Projects
News
Tradeshows & Events
Virtual Trade Show Booth
Diffractive Optics
Standard DOE (Plastics)
Standard DOE (Glass)
Customized DOEs
Spatial Light Modulators
LUNA Phase Only (refl.)
GAEA-2 Phase Only (refl.)
PLUTO-2.1 Phase Only (refl.)
LETO Phase Only (refl.)
SLM LC 2012 (transmissive)
OptiXplorer Education Kit
SLM Software
SLM Display SDK
SLM Pattern Generator
SLM Slideshow Player
SLM Accessories
Thermal Management Systems
Diffractive Projection Engine
Discontinued Devices
Papers and References
Microdisplay Technology
HED 6001 Monochrome
HED 2220 Color LCOS
HED 2200 Color LCOS
Discontinued LCOS Devices
HED 5216 Color LCOS
HED 7200 Color LCOS
HED 5201 Monochrome
HED 1316 Color LCOS
HED 1016 Color LCOS
Engineering & Design Services
Contact
Legal Notice
Data Privacy Statement