https://holycowcanoe.com/2014/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy |
Google+
Facebook Twitter Pinterest LinkedIn
Search
Home
About Us
Contact Us
COVID-19 Update
Privacy Policy
Factory Specials – Canoe Sale
Our Canoes
Algonquin Prospector
Sportsman Canoe Series
Y-Stern Canoe Series
Kevlar Ultraglass
Boat Options and Upgrades
Canoe & Kayak & SUP Rentals
Holy Cow Blog
Services
Dealers
Our History
Our Social Responsibility
Canoe & Paddle Club
Navigation
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://holycowcanoe.com/2014.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Additional information
How we protect your data
What data breach procedures we have in place
What third parties we receive data from
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
Tweet
Fairy Lake Paddle House – Rental Location **Due to COVID-19 concerns renting is postponed until further notice**
30 Park Avenue, Prospect Park, Acton Location
12pm -8pm Saturday, Sunday & long weekends.
**Alternate times are available for groups of 9 or more with reservations. Weekdays only for private events, Please call to make a reservation for your event, meeting, group. One week advance notice required.
Book some time on the water with the online booking calender or call 519-853-9729
You can also email your inquiry to rentals@holycowcanoe.com
Free Parking
What’s New
New Product Design
Holy Cow Kids Canoe/Kayak Club
Fairy Lake Paddle House Canoe & Kayak Rentals update nCOV-19
2020 Clearance
Operating Procedures
COVID-19 Update
We’re Hiring – Boathouse Operator Paddling Instructor
ParticipAction Event
Join the conversation on Instagram
2018
Past Present & Future Past Present & Future
Select Month
August 2020  (1)
June 2020  (1)
May 2020  (1)
March 2020  (3)
February 2020  (1)
June 2019  (1)
April 2018  (1)
December 2017  (1)
September 2017  (1)
May 2017  (1)
January 2017  (2)
August 2016  (1)
December 2015  (2)
November 2015  (1)
June 2015  (2)
May 2015  (1)
April 2015  (1)
February 2015  (1)
July 2014  (1)
June 2014  (2)
May 2014  (4)
April 2014  (2)
March 2014  (10)
February 2014  (3)
January 2014  (1)
Check out The Holy Cow Canoe Company on Yelp Reviews
Kevlar Prospector Reviews
Powered by paddling.com
Search
Follow @holycowcanoe
Facebook Twitter Pinterest LinkedIn
Copyright © 2020
Theme by: Theme Horse Powered by: WordPress
Back to Top