https://homeloanhelp.bankofamerica.com/en/index.html
Skip to main content
Bankofamerica.com
Locations
Contact Us
Español
Stay in Home
Traditional Refinance
Low Equity Refinance
Forbearance/Deferral
FHA Modification
Home Loan Modification
Home Equity Assistance
Hardest Hit Fund
Leave House
FHA Short Sale
Cooperative Short Sale
Traditional Short Sale
Deed in Lieu
Foreclosure Information & Alternatives
Document Checklist
My Loan Status
Support
Avoiding Scams
Homeowner Counseling
FAQs
Glossary
Help With More Bank of America Products
Home Loan Assistance
Struggling with your home loan payments? We’re here to help.
You may have options. And the sooner you call us, the more alternatives you may have.
I want to stay in my home
Home loan assistance programs may make your payments more affordable.
Learn more
I would consider leaving my house
There are solutions that may help you settle your home loan debt.
Learn more
Coronavirus Payment Assistance
Up-to-date information & help.
Learn more
Document Checklist
See which documents you may need.
Get started
Alternatives to foreclosure
Understanding foreclosure and trying to avoid it.
Learn more
Connect with a Counselor
An advisor can provide guidance for your situation.
Learn more
Call us
800 669 6650
800 669 6650
Monday - Friday 8 a.m. - 8 p.m. Eastern
Help is available in English, Spanish and many other languages
×
Advertising Practices
We strive to provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Relationship-based ads and online behavioral advertising help us do that.
Here's how it works: We gather information about your online activities, such as the searches you conduct on our Sites and the pages you visit. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have.
If you prefer that we do not use this information, you may opt out of online behavioral advertising. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising. In addition, financial advisors/Client Managers may continue to use information collected online to provide product and service information in accordance with account agreements.
Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us.
To learn more about relationship-based ads, online behavioral advertising and our privacy practices, please review the Bank of America Online Privacy Notice and our Online Privacy FAQs.
×
Qualifying direct deposit
A qualifying direct deposit is a recurring direct deposit of a paycheck, pension, Social Security or other eligible regular monthly income, electronically deposited by an employer or an outside agency into your new checking account. Please note, this does not include a transfer done via ATM, online, or teller, or a transfer from a bank or brokerage account, Merrill Edge® or Merrill Lynch® account.
Qualifying purchase
A qualifying debit card purchase is any purchase of goods or services made in store, by telephone or online using the debit card and/or debit card number associated with the new checking account that qualified for the $150 bonus. Purchases will be qualified based on the day the purchase posts to your new account. Purchases include any payments made using your debit card number but do not include ATM transactions (such as withdrawals).
This is the second paragraph
Bank of America Core Checking®
No monthly maintenance fee for each statement cycle that you:
Have at least one Qualifying Direct Deposit of $250
or
Maintain a minimum daily balance of $1,500 or more
Students under age 24 are eligible to have this fee waived while enrolled in high school, college or a vocational program.
Preferred Rewards clients get this fee waived.
Or pay $12/month
Bank of America Interest Checking®
No monthly maintenance fee for each statement cycle that you:
Maintain a combined balance* of at least $10,000 or more
*Combined balances include:The average daily balance in eligible linked checkingand savings accounts for the statement cycle
AND
The current balances in linked personal CDs and IRAs
at the end of the Interest Checking statement cycle
AND
The current balance (2 business days before the end of the Interest Checking statement cycle)in your eligible linked Merrill Edge® and Merrill Lynch® investment accounts
Preferred Rewards clients get this fee waived.
Or pay $25/month
Bank of America® Rewards Savings
No monthly maintenance fee for each statement cycle that you:
Maintain a minimum daily balance of at least $500
or
Link your Bank of America Interest Checking® account to your Rewards Savings account (waiver applies to first 4 savings accounts)
or
When you are a Bank of America Preferred Rewards client (waiver applies to first 4 checking and savings accounts)
Or pay $8/month
Important notice
You're continuing to another website
You're continuing to another website that Bank of America doesn't own or operate. Its owner is solely responsible for the website's content, offering and level of security, so please refer to the website's posted privacy policy and terms of use.
Continue Cancel
Noticia importante
Está entrando a una página que está en inglés
Le informamos que la página que está a punto de ver solo se ofrece en inglés. Las solicitudes y documentos para productos y servicios específicos también pueden estar solo en inglés.
Como siempre, asegúrese de leer y entender todos los términos y condiciones antes de elegir un producto, y póngase en contacto con nosotros si tiene cualquier pregunta.
Continuar en inglés Regresar a español