http://homedesigndirectory.com.au/articles/external-privacy-screens.php
Find a tradesperson
... or get 3 obligation free quotes
Your postcode:
3D Modellers
Acrow prop suppliers
Air Conditioning Specialists
Antenna Specialists
Appliance Repairers
Appliance suppliers
Arborists
Architects
Art Work Resellers
Artists
Asbestos Removers
Awning Suppliers and Installers
Barbeque Suppliers
Bathroom Designers
Bathroom Fitting Suppliers
Bathroom renovation specialists
Bathroom Vanity Suppliers
Bathroom Specialists
Bed Suppliers
Blind Suppliers and Installers
Bricklayers
Builders
Building Certification Specialists
Building Consultants
Building Cost Estimators
Building Designers
Building Inspectors
Building Product Suppliers
Building Industry Suppliers
Cabinet Door Suppliers
Cabinet Makers
Carpenters
Carpet Cleaning Specialists
Carpet Repair Specialists
Carpet Suppliers and Installers
Carport Suppliers
Chimney Sweepers
Cladding Suppliers
Cleaning Product Suppliers
Cleaning Services
Colour Consultants
Concrete block resellers
Concrete Cutting Professionals
Concrete Polishers
Concreters
Courses and Workshops
Cupboard Manufacturers
Curtain Specialists
Deck Builders
Decorative Screen Manufacturers
Demolition Specialists
Door and Window Suppliers
Door Hardware Specialists
Door Suppliers
Drafting Professionals
Ducted Vacuum Specialists
Ecological assessors
Edible Garden Experts
Electrical Consultants
Electricians
Energy Rating Consultants
Environmental Design Consultants
Equipment Hire Services
Excavation Experts
Extension and Addition Specialists
Fencing Suppliers and Installers
Feng Shui Experts
Fire Protection Experts
Fireplace Suppliers and Installers
Floating Floor Suppliers
Floor Coating Specialists
Floor Repair Companies
Floor Sanding and Polishing Services
Floor Specialists
Carpet flooring specialists
Concrete flooring specialists
Timber flooring specialists
Vinyl flooring specialists
Frame and Truss Suppliers
Custom Furniture Manufacturers
Outdoor Furniture Suppliers
Furniture Retailers
Second Hand Furniture Suppliers
Furniture Removalists
Garage Door Suppliers
Garage Specialists
Garden Designers
Garden Maintenance Professionals
Gardening Suppliers
Garden Tool Suppliers
Garden Wall Suppliers
Gas Fitters
Gate Suppliers
Gazebo Specialists
Glass Suppliers
Glaziers
granny flats
Granny Flat Approval specialists
Granny Flat Builders
Granny Flat Specialists
Grass Companies
Synthetic grass resellers
Guttering Suppliers and Installers
Gyprockers
Handymen
Hardware Suppliers and Retailers
Heating Systems Suppliers and Experts
High pressure cleaning services
Home Automation Suppliers and Experts
Home Estimators
Home office manufactures
Home Theatre Suppliers and Experts
Homeware Suppliers
Hot Water Systems Suppliers and Experts
House Plan Providers
Insect Screens Suppliers and Installers
Insulation Suppliers and Installers
Interior Decorators
Interior Designers
Irrigation System Suppliers and Installers
Joinery Specialists
Kit Home Manufacturers
Kitchen & Bathroom Suppliers
Kitchen and bathroom renovators
Kitchen Appliance Suppliers
Kitchen Benchtop Specialists
Kitchen Design Trainers
Kitchen Designers
Kitchen Fittings Suppliers
kitchen renovation professionals
Kitchen Specialists
Landscape Architects
Landscape Designers
Landscapers
Landscaping Suppliers
Laser Cut Screen Manufacturers
Laundry Designers
Lawn Suppliers
Lawn Mowing Services
Lift Specialists
Lighting Retailers and Suppliers
Energy efficient lighting suppliers
Locksmiths
Modular Home Manufacturers
Mould Removal Specialists
Plant Nurseries
Paint Suppliers
Painters
Patio Specialists
Paving Suppliers and Installers
Paving resellers
Pergola Specialists
Pest Control Services
Pest Inspectors
Plasterering Specialists
Plumbers
Plumbing Suppliers
Polished Concrete Flooring Specialists
Pool Fencing Specialists
Pool Maintenance Specialists
Pool Shops
Pool Specialists
Pool table retailers
Pool & Spa suppliers
Powder coating companies
Prefabricated Home Manufacturers
Pressure Cleaning Specialists
Privacy Screen Suppliers
Project Management Consultants
Property Consultants
Quantity Surveyors
Recycling Contractors
Relocatable home sellers
Rendering Specialists
Renovation and Addition specialists
Retaining Wall Experts
Roof Repair Experts
Roofing Suppliers and Installers
Rubbish Removers
Safety Equipment Suppliers
Sand blasting companies
Scaffolding Suppliers and Installers
Security Screens and Door Specialists
Home Security Suppliers and Installers
Septic tank providers and installers
Shades and Sail Suppliers and Installers
Shed Suppliers
Shutter Specialists
Skip and Truck Hire Specialists
Skylight Specialists
Solar Power Suppliers & Installers
Spa Retailers
Splashback Suppliers
Staircase Specialists
Decorative steel manufacturers
Structural steel manufacturers
Stone Masons
Stone suppliers
Storage companies
Storage Solutions Suppliers and Experts
Structural Engineers
Tile Suppliers
Tilers
Turf Suppliers
Under Floor Heating Specialists
Upholstery Repairers
Ventilation Suppliers and Experts
Verandah Specialists
Wall art retailers
Wall Paneling Suppliers and Installers
Wallpaper Suppliers and Installers
Wall Suppliers and Installers
Wardrobe Specialists
Water Filtration System Suppliers
Water Leak Detectors
Waterproofing Suppliers and Installers
Window and door screen suppliers
Window Cleaning Services
Window Repairers
Window Suppliers
Window Tinting Companies
Window and door suppliers
Search
Post a job
Choosing the best privacy screen for your backyard
Exterior Decorative Screen
Internal decorative privacy screens first appeared in China in the mid-600's.
However external privacy screens are a more recent phenomenon.
They began to appear in Australian residential and commercial building during the 1950's and 1960's, as a direct result of high density living and higher incomes.
Since the late 1990’s they have become more popular and more decorative; with both contemporary and traditional materials being used.
So what type of screen is right for your backyard? Here's an easy 4 step guide.
Step 1 - Analyse your space
Laser cut gate
Look at the area you want to screen and be clear about what you are trying to achieve. Is it just visual screening you need, is it acoustic or just for style.
Then create a list of requirements that your screen must meet.
The list may include points such as:
reduce traffic noise
match the theme of the front yard
offer visual privacy from people looking in, but allow views out
look like a sculptural piece
withstand strong ocean breezes
offer shade from the sun in the summer from the west
be highly weatherproof
critical dimensions i.e. 1900mm wide x 800mm high.
Most screen companies have in-house designers but if you prefer an independent opinion, engage an interior designer or an architect to ensure that your requirements are met.
Transition spaces (like between the street and your front door) really benefit from the use of privacy screens.
Decorative privacy screens can be used to divide large open spaces; creating better visual separation between areas such as a vegetable garden and an Alfesco dining space.
Step 2 - Form a solid design idea
Mink Flamingo Laser Cut Steel Privacy Screens
There are many concepts and graphic styles to choose from. Think about the type of screen that would best suit the exterior style of your existing home and yard if already established. If you are incorporating your screen into new landscaping, ensure that your screen works with its plan and style. Important: Do not purchase a screen just because you loved the look of it. It needs to work with what you already have, or have planned.
A screen can also be a sculptural piece of art. If so, you need to spend time designing it, for it is an opportunity to incorporate something personal into the design. Here is an example. Perhaps the property was originally owned by a close relative who loved fishing in Hardys Bay. The design or form of your screen could evoke fishing, or something unique to Hardys Bay.
The screen will mean so much more to you if it's thought provoking and beautiful, as well as useful.
Step 3 - Know your screen material options
Today you will find many options for a screen’s style and construction. A strong concept with modern architectural materials can really create a unique focal point in your backyard.
Contemporary materials can include:
Weathered steel - very popular
Architects love weathered steel for it can look stunning in residential situations. It has a few different names, including "CorTen" and "rusted steel". Don't be cautious about this product- it is designed to corrode. Once you familiarize yourself with the product and understand how it will wear, you can anticipate any problems.
For example, weathered steel can cause staining to hard landscaped areas; so allow for this and accommodate the run-off into a pond or onto a grassed area.
Also remember that weathered steel is purchased without the rusted patina. It will start to rust after a period in the weather and only to a shallow depth within the steel before it blocks out oxygen which stops any further rusting.
Many screens are created using laser-cutting technology. The design or impression options are as endless as your imagination.
Stone
Natural stone weathers beautifully and is classic. There are no weathering issues to consider and the product ages very well.
Timber
Images courtesy of ScreenBoards.com.au
Wooden screens can work well for this application but they can require maintenance if you don't want your timber going a grey colour. But if a grey patina suits your theme, it can look fantastic.
Stainless steel
Stainless steel screens also often use laser cut technology. While weathered steel is designed to rust, stainless steel is not. The steel keeps its original appearance but depending on the grade of steel, its finish may slightly change over time.
Vertical garden
Image courtesy of Vertical Garden Design
Another approach is to use a vertical garden to create a privacy screen. This creates a unique look that can change with the different seasons.
One side of the wall, perhaps facing the kitchen, could a wall of herbs. On the other side could be hardy plants to block out westerly sun from the kitchen.
Step 4 - Compare costs
Of all the materials mentioned above, the ones with a higher labour content are generally more expensive.
The most economical product above would be the timber screen, since it is easy to source, inexpensive and easy to work with in comparison to steel for example.
Our free quotation service
Our quotation service is free and includes:
Three quotes or more if you use our online directory
40,000 businesses ready to help you
1200 business categories
The 1200 business categories you can select from include everything from architects to cleaners.
Click one of the buttons below to get quotes or contact local businesses today.
Search our business directory
Get 3 free quotes
Looking for a Landscaper?
Adelaide Landscapers
Brisbane Landscapers
Central Coast Landscapers
Melbourne Landscapers
Perth Landscapers
Sydney Landscapers
Further reading
DIY Retaining Walls. Learn about building a retaining wall for your garden. This article explains your options.
DIY Australian landscaping. Read this informative article and learn how to create a uniquely Australian landscape or garden.
Stone Gabion fencing and retaining walls. Gabion is a wire basket or wire form, filled with stones and shaped into a fence or retaining wall type structure. Read this article to learn more.
Bulletproof landscape plants. Not all plants are equal. Many require the soil and climate (amongst other things) to be 'just right'. The plants described in this article are the ones that deserve the title of 'bulletproof' and are a good starting point for an easy-care garden.
Composting written by Glorious Gardens. Learn all about the joys of composting. Cold composting and hot composting are just two of several options.
x
Like us on Facebook & get free advice
We have a free service on our
Facebook page.
Practicing professionals will try their best to answer any relevant questions you may have.