https://homeconstructionloan.com/privacy-policy/
RIGHT PLACE - RIGHT LOAN - RIGHT LENDER
Home & Property Owners
Builders & Spec Developers
Residential Consulting Services
Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com website and governs data collection and usage. By using the Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com collects personally identifiable information, such as your email address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your zip code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensi-tive data through Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Con-struction Loan.com does not read any of your private online communications.
Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com and Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com family of websites.
Use of your Personal Information
Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com collects and uses your personal information to operate the Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com website and deliver the services you have requested. Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com and its affiliates. Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (email, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com keeps track of the websites and pages our customers visit within Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com, in order to determine what Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com websites will disclose your personal infor-mation, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Arroyo Con-sulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com website uses “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com pages, or register with Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com site or services, a cookie helps Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping ad-dresses, and so on. When you return to the same Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Arroyo Consulting Group and Home Construction Loan.com at info@homeconstructionloan.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.