https://hooleyusa.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerFREE GIFT WITH ALL ORDERS!
My account
$0.00
Privacy Policy
Hooley. (“Hooley,” “we,” “us,” or “our” as appropriate) has created the following Privacy and Security Policy (“Privacy Policy”) to inform you of what information we collect, when we collect it, how and why we collect it, how we use it, how we protect it, how we share it and what choices you have regarding our collection and use of this information.
This Privacy Policy applies to the following site: www.hooleyusa.com (the “Site”). Entering the Site constitutes your acceptance and agreement to the terms contained in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy, please do not enter the Site.
What Information We Collect
Types of Information We CollectYour nameYour billing and delivery addressYour e-mail addressYour phone (or mobile) numberInformation on how you are using the SiteYour purchase/return/exchange information
We Collect Information WhenYou purchase, order, return, exchange or request information about our products and services from the Site or mobile applications.You create an Hooley accountYou connect with
Hooley regarding customer service via our customer service center, or on social media platforms.You visit the Site or participate in interactive features of the Site or mobile applications.You use a social media service, for example,
Hooley’s Facebook page or YouTube channel.You sign up for e-mails, mobile messages, or social media notifications from
Hooley.You enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to one of our surveys, or participate in a focus group.You provide us with comments, suggestions, or other inputYou interact with any of the Site through your computer, tablet or mobile device
How and Why We Collect the Information
Technologies UsedWe may use tracking pixels/web beacons, cookies and or other technologies to receive and store certain types of information. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser information, Internet Service Provider (ISP), operating system, date/time stamp and clickstream data. This information helps us customize your website experience and make our marketing messages more relevant. It also allows us to provide features such as storage of items in your cart between visits. This includes
Hooley content presented on other websites or mobile applications. In order to provide the best customer experience possible, we also use this information for reporting and analysis purposes, such as how you are shopping our website, performance of our marketing efforts, and your response to those marketing efforts.
Third Party CookiesWe may allow third-party companies to collect anonymous information when you visit the Site and to use that information to serve ads for
Hooley products or services or for products or services of other companies when you visit the Site or other websites. These companies may use anonymous information (e.g., navigational, non-personally identifiable information, click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, etc.) during your visits to the Site and other websites in order to provide advertisements about our goods and services likely to be of interest to you. These parties may use a cookie or a third party web beacon, or other technologies, to collect this information.To opt out of third-party vendors’ cookies, see the “What Choices Do You Have?” section of this privacy policy for instruction how to do so.
User Experience Information
In order to improve customer online shopping experience, help with fraud identification, and to assist our customer care representatives in resolving issues customers may experience in completing online purchases, we use tools to monitor certain user experience information, including, but not limited to, login information, IP address, data regarding pages visited, specific actions taken on pages visited (e.g., information entered during checkout process), and browser information.
Information from Other Sources
We may also obtain information from companies that can enhance our existing customer information to improve the accuracy and add to the information we have about our customers (e.g., adding address information). This may improve our ability to contact you and improve the relevancy of our marketing by providing better product recommendations or special offers that we think will interest you.
Public Forums
Any information you submit in a public forum (e.g., a blog, chat room, or social network) can be read, collected, or used by us and other participants, and could be used to personalize your experience. You are responsible for the information you choose to submit in these instances.
Mobile Privacy
Hooley may offer mobile applications (commonly known as “apps”) that allow you to shop online, check product availability, learn about sales events, or receive other information from Re-Sails. All information collected by Hooley via our mobile application is protected by this Privacy Policy.
Although you do not have to provide your location information to
Hooley to use our mobile applications, our services require a zip code to function. If you have questions about location and notification privacy, please contact your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of you device to learn how to adjust your settings.
How We Use the Information We Collect
Product and Service FulfillmentFulfill and manage purchases, orders, payments, returns/exchanges, or requests for information, or to otherwise serve youProvide any requested servicesAdminister sweepstakes and contests
Marketing PurposesDeliver coupons, mobile coupons, newsletters, receipt messages, e-mails, and mobile messagesSend marketing communications and other information regarding products, services and promotionsAdminister promotions
Internal OperationsImprove the effectiveness of the Site, mobile experience, and marketing effortsConduct research and analysis, including focus groups and surveysPerform other business activities as needed, or as described elsewhere in this policyFraud Prevention
To prevent fraudulent transactions, monitor against theft and otherwise protect our customers and our business
Legal Compliance
To assist law enforcement and respond to subpoenas
How We Protect the Information We Collect
Security MethodsWe maintain technical, administrative, physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of information transmitted to us. To guard this information, the Site use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). SSL encrypts your credit card number, name and address so only
Hooley is able to decode the information.
E-mail Security
Please note that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting credit card information. “Phishing” is a scam designed to steal your information. If you receive an e-mail that looks like it is from us asking you for certain information, do not respond. Though we might ask you your name, we will never request your password, credit card information or other information through e-mail.
Information About ChildrenWe recognize the particular importance of protecting privacy where children are involved. We are committed to protecting children’s privacy and we comply fully with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
Hooley will never knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age without prior verifiable parental consent. If we become aware that an individual is under the age of 13 and has submitted any information to
Hooley, for any purpose without prior verifiable parental consent, we will delete his or her information from our files.
Additional SecurityWe also ask customers to carefully review their accounts and immediately report any unexpected activity to
Hooley and their issuing bank or credit card company. We are asking all our customers to take measures to help protect information in their online accounts, including the following:Install the latest security updates and anti-virus software on your computer to help prevent malware and virusesReset your e-mail account passwords frequentlyUse complex passwords (a minimum of 7 alpha/numeric cAsE sEnsitive characters)Do not use the same password on more than one websiteDo not share your password with othersSign out/log off website sessions so that your session is closed and cannot be accessed by another user on the same computer, especially when using a public computer or terminal
How We Share the Information We Collect
General Policy
We do not sell or rent customer information to third parties; except, under limited circumstances outlined below, we may share information with third parties.
The Hooley FamilyWe share information we collect within the Site and
Hooley family, which includes all
Hooley subsidiaries and affiliates. The
Hooley family may use this information to offer you products and services that may be of interest to you.
Service Providers
We may share information with companies that provide support services to us (such as a printer, e-mail, mobile marketing, or data enhancement provider) or that help us market our products and services. These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions. These companies are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose.
Legal Requirements
We may disclose information you provide to us when we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law; to enforce or apply applicable terms and conditions and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of our company, our customers or others.’
When You Direct Us
At your direction or request, we may share your information.
Business Transfers
If some or all of our business assets are sold or transferred, we generally would transfer the corresponding information regarding our customers. We also may retain a copy of that customer information.
What Choices Do You Have
E-mailPromotional E-mail
If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails from us, click here. You also have the ability to unsubscribe to promotional e-mails via the opt-out link included in each e-mail. It may take up to 10 business days before you stop receiving promotional e-mails.Important Notices and Transactional E-mailFrom time to time, we may send non-commercial electronic email messages with important information about us or the Site to your email address.We regularly send email order confirmations and email order updates to you after you have submitted an order.
Mobile
We may distribute mobile coupons and text messages to mobile devices of customers who have requested this information via an opt-in request. Customers will be able to opt out of a specific mobile messaging campaign.
Hooley CookiesThe help function of your browser should contain instructions to set your computer to accept all cookies, to notify you when a cookie is issued, or to not receive cookies at any time. If you set your computer to not receive cookies at any time, certain personalized services cannot be provided to you, and accordingly, you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the
Hooley features.
Third Party Cookies
To opt-out of third-party vendor’s cookies on other websites, visit the Network Advertising Initiative website, click here http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
Telephone
If you do not wish to receive promotional communication from us, call us at 888.828.8209 to opt out. This opt out does not apply to operational communication, for example, confirmation of delivery address.
How Do You Access and Update the Information
In order to keep your information accurate and complete, you can access or update some of your information in the following ways:If you have created a Hooley account, you can log in and update your account information, including contact, billing, and shipping information.Contact us with your current contact information and the information you would like to access. We will provide you the information requested if reasonably available, or will describe more fully the types of information we typically collect.
Hooley Privacy Policy Scope
This privacy policy applies to all current or former customer information collected by or provided to Hooley.
The Site may offer links to other sites. If you visit one of these sites, you may want to review the privacy policy on that site. In addition, you may have visited our website through a link or a banner advertisement on another site. In such cases, the site you linked from may collect information from people who click on the banner or link. You may want to refer to the privacy policies on those sites to see how they collect and use this information.
Hooley Privacy Policy Revisions
By interacting with Hooley, you consent to our use of information that is collected or submitted as described in this privacy policy. We may change or add to this privacy policy, so we encourage you to review it periodically.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on December 26th, 2017.
FooterInformation
About Us
Contact Us
Kite Repairs
Policies
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
Account
My account
Cart
Checkout
Follow Us
Shopping CartThere are no products in the cart!Subtotal$0.00Total$0.00Checkout