https://hosesinc.com/privacy-policy/
"/>
Get a Quote
We understand the importance of maintaining the confidentiality and security of your information and seek to secure your privacy during your visit to our website, including any mobile version or mobile application, plus any desktop applications you access from our website or app (collectively, our “Site”). This privacy policy outlines the types of information you may provide to us or we may collect from or about you when you visit this Site, and our practices for collection, use, and disclosure of this information. By using our Site, you consent to the procedures and practices discussed in this policy, except to the extent certain applications are provided by a third party. For certain third-party applications framed or hosted on our Site, your information is collected directly by that third party, and their privacy policy governs their collection and use of your information. We may, from time to time, change this privacy policy, and your continued use of the Site after we make changes shall constitute your acceptance of those changes, so please check the Privacy Policy periodically for any changes or updates. The most recent version of this privacy policy is indicated by the version date located at the bottom of it. If you do not agree with any provisions of this Privacy Policy, you must not access or use our Site. If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, then you may contact us at the e-mail address and/or telephone number provided on our Site.
Key Terms. Throughout this privacy policy, we use a few specialized terms. When we use the term “Personally Identifiable Information” in this privacy policy, we mean information that is specific to you as an individual, like your name, postal address, e-mail address, or telephone number. The term “User Information” incorporates all of your Personally Identifiable Information and any other forms of information discussed in this privacy policy. Information is said to be “anonymized” if it does not identify individual persons or entities, or associate a particular person or entity with such information.
Our Information Collection, Use, and Disclosure Practices. In addition to information you affirmatively provide to us (such as when you fill out a form on our Site, sign up for communications from us or ask us to contact you), when you visit our Site to browse, we may collect, use, and store certain “Site Traffic Information” such as the type of operating system, computer modem, device ID and Internet browser you are using, the date and time you access our Site, the number of times you visit our Site, the particular pages you view, and the length of your visits to our Site. We may use this Site Traffic Information to improve our Site and user experience, and we may share this information with third parties if we choose to disclose anonymized Site Traffic Information for marketing or commercial purposes.
Except as set forth in this policy, we will not use, disclose, or transfer your User Information unless (1) you expressly authorize us to do so; (2) it is necessary to allow our service providers or agents to provide services for us; (3) it is necessary in order to provide our products or services to you (and contact you when necessary); (4) we are sending you other information that may be useful to you; (5) subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, it is disclosed to entities that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other entities with whom we have joint marketing agreements; (6) it is necessary to protect the confidentiality or security of your records; (7) subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, it is necessary in connection with a sale of all or substantially all of our company assets or if we were to merge with or into another entity; (8) it is necessary in connection with other business purposes including, without limitation, customer care, dispute resolution, service quality assurance, business management and operation, risk assessment, security, fraud and crime prevention/detection/ monitoring, research and analysis, marketing, and/or assessing customer purchasing preferences and trends; (9) it is necessary to comply with law enforcement, governmental mandate, or other legal requirement, if appropriate, for your protection or in connection with an investigation or prosecution of possible unlawful activity; (10) it is necessary for us to provide it to our attorneys, accountants, regulators, auditors or other advisors; or (11) it is otherwise required or permitted by law.
In addition, any information that you send us, such as your questions, suggestions, information, ideas, or other creative material (“Feedback”) belongs to us and will not be treated as confidential. You acknowledge and agree that we may use, reproduce, adapt, distribute, display, disclose, or create derivative works from Feedback without acknowledgement or compensation to you.
Web Analytics Tools, Cookies and Web Beacons.
We may use various website analytics tools and technologies regarding activities on our Site that require storage of web session data. The overall aim of these tools is to aid in making our Site easy to use, to proactively identify and correct error conditions and to provide more relevant advertising and content to you. These tools and technologies are also used to assist website visitors who report problems in the use of our Site. Stored web session data is used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We may employ cookies (i.e., small text files) that our Site may send to your browser for storage on your hard drive, and later processes may check for the presence of such cookies. We may use such cookies to make use of our Site easier by saving your status and preferences upon visits to our Site. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you may be able to change the settings in your browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. We may also employ cookies, web beacons, or site instrumentation, to monitor the behavior of visitors to our Site and activity on our Site, such as the number of visitors to our Site.
Third-party service providers may also place and administer cookies and web beacons via our Site or check for the presence of our cookies on your device. Such third parties may collect your anonymized information and perform website analytics as described in this privacy policy. We and/or such third parties may also use work product created by such third parties based upon web analytics data or other similar data collected from visitors to our Site in connection with providing you with more relevant advertising and content.
Revising Your Information. If you use our products, services, or Site, then you have voluntarily consented to our practices and procedures regarding your information as described in this privacy policy, any applicable Terms and Conditions of Use for our Site, and other written documentation that may be provided to you regarding our products, services, or Site. If you do not want us to use your information as described herein, or if you would like to modify your information in our records or remove your information from our databases for marketing purposes, then please contact our Customer Service at the address and/or phone number provided on our Site. Without the use of your information, however, we may not be able to provide you the products, services, or information you request. We will promptly respond to your information revision requests, but may retain copies of such information as necessary for us to comply with governmental orders, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, enforce any agreement you have entered into with us, and as otherwise reasonably necessary for our business purposes.
Security. We employ and maintain technology and security measures designed to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information on our Site, that information is subject to a variety of protections. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or receive from us.
Third Party Websites and Applications. You may have the option to enter or link to a third-party website or application through our Site, or you may have the option to enter our Site from another third-party website or application. Since we cannot be assured that such third-party websites follow our privacy policies, we encourage you to ask questions and review the privacy policies of these third parties. We have no responsibility or liability for the actions or policies of these independent sites, do not endorse any product or service that may be mentioned or offered in such sites, and are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such sites. Please contact such third parties directly for questions or concerns regarding their privacy practices. For any e-commerce or payment capabilities offered on or through our Site, such payments are managed by a third-party service provider and any payment-related information is collected directly by such third-party service provider. Such provider’s terms of use and privacy policy govern their provision of this payment service and their collection and storage of any information you provide through their hosted payment application, portal, or widget.
Contests, Sweepstakes and Other Promotions. On our Site, you may wish to participate in contests, sweepstakes and other promotions that we may offer from time to time. Through these promotions, you may choose to participate in activities such as sharing information found on our Site with others and sending e-mail invitations. If you choose to participate in these promotions, and are eligible to do so, we may ask you for information such as your name, e-mail address, date of birth and telephone number. In connection with any contests, sweepstakes and other promotions that we may offer from time to time via our Site, we use the information you provide to administer the contests, sweepstakes and other promotions. Subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, we also may use the information to communicate with you, or the other people about whom you provide information, about our products and services, or our partners or service providers may use such information to communicate with you about the contests, sweepstakes or other promotions or their products and services, and you consent to such use of any information you provide to us for this purpose, and represent that any third party about whom you provide us information has given you express consent to do so.
Social Media Platforms, Websites and User-Generated Content. Any information, communications, or material of any type or nature that you submit to our Site (including, but not limited to, any of our pages contained on a social media platform or website such as Facebook or Twitter), as well as any content you generate (such as pictures or reviews) by e-mail, posting, messaging, uploading, downloading, or otherwise (collectively, a “Submission”), is done at your own risk and without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of any social media platform or website and we are therefore not responsible for any content or Submissions contained on such sites and platforms. By visiting any social media websites or applications or our pages that are contained on a social media platform or website, you are representing and warranting to us that you have reviewed the applicable privacy policy and terms of use of such platform or website and that you will abide by all such provisions contained therein.
Additionally, in the event that we offer a message board, review capability, or any other interactive or social-type feature or other feature permitting content submission on a website administered directly by us, please be aware that these areas may allow you to publicly post, and share with other users, certain messages, content, images or other information (e.g., stories, pictures, ingredients, tips, etc.). Although we may take certain precautions to protect those who use these areas of our Site(s), we encourage you to be wary of giving out any Personally Identifiable Information in such public forums. Any information you post or submit can be collected and used by people you don’t know. We cannot guarantee the privacy and safety of these areas and are therefore not responsible for any information you choose to post. You agree not to post any content that violates the privacy rights of anyone else, or that is otherwise unlawful, offensive, obscene or vulgar, threatening, defamatory, hateful, promotes illegal activity or violates the rights of a third party, including without limitation copyright, trademark, or publicity rights. Your use of these features is fully at your own risk.
Promotional E-mails. We may send you e-mails with promotional offers if you provide us with your email. If you would no longer like to receive e-mailed special event information, sales notifications or other messages from us, please send an e-mail to our Webmaster or follow the “Unsubscribe” instructions on such e-mails. Your e-mail address will be removed from our marketing list. Please allow us a reasonable period of time in order to satisfy your request, as some promotions may already be in process.
Special Statement for Job Applicants. Any Personally Identifiable Information you provide to us when applying for a career position with our company will be used solely to consider and act upon your application. We may retain your Personally Identifiable Information for a period of time, but only for as long as necessary for such purposes or as otherwise required by law. We may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to our agents for the purpose of evaluating your qualifications for the particular position you applied for, for other available positions or as otherwise required by law. We may also disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties hired by us to collect, maintain, and analyze candidates for career positions or as otherwise required by law.
Children’s Privacy. Our site is not intended for anyone under 13 years of age. We are sensitive to privacy issues and look to protect your child’s information. We also strive to be fully compliant with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). We strongly encourage parents and guardians to regularly monitor and supervise their children’s online activities. We do not knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information from children under 13 on our Site without first obtaining verifiable consent from the child’s parent or guardian. NOTICE: Visit www.ftc.gov/kidzprivacy for information from the Federal Trade Commission about protecting children’s privacy on-line.
Your California Privacy Rights. Under California Law, California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (a) a list of the categories of Personally Identifiable Information, such as name, e-mail and mailing address and the type of services provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, please contact Customer Service at the e-mail address and/or telephone number provided on our Site or write to us (with a reference to California Privacy Disclosure Information) at the address listed on our Site. We will endeavor to respond to such requests for information access within 30 days following receipt at the e-mail or mailing address stated above. If we receive your request at a different e-mail or mailing address, we will respond within a reasonable period of time, but not to exceed 150 days from the date received. Please note that we are only required to respond to each customer once per calendar year.
We treat the data of everyone who comes to our Site in accordance with this privacy policy, whatever their “Do Not Track” setting.
This privacy policy was last updated on April 30, 2018.
Share this:Tweet
GET QUOTE
Chemical Resistant Charts