http://hosss.com/privacy-policy/
Guest Satisfaction Survey     |     Join Our Team
CONTACT[contact-form-7 id="No contact forms found" title="Contact"]
Privacy Policy
Hoss’s Steak and Sea House, Inc., is dedicated to protecting the privacy of those who visit our website. Any personally identifiable information collected from this site is not shared with any other outside organization or business.
USE OF INFORMATION
Personal information is any data that is unique to an individual, such as a name, email address, mailing address, social security number, etc. We may request some personal information in order to respond to your questions if you send them through our site. We welcome your comments or questions about our website and have provided email links for that purpose. We will share your comments and questions with those most capable of addressing them.
The email addresses that we collect are periodically used by us to contact customers for marketing purposes but are not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes. When you supply us with your mailing address or phone number, you may receive periodic mailings or phone calls from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events.
COOKIES
Hosss.com does not use cookies at this time. If we start to use cookies for any purpose, we will revise this policy.
We gather technical information such as your personal computer’s IP (Internet Protocol) address to gather broad demographic information and to administer our website. Other statistics, such as the number of visitors to our site and pages viewed, are not personally identifiable. This helps us analyze and improve the usefulness of our website.
QUESTIONS
If you have questions about this privacy statement, please contact:
Corporate Privacy Officer
Hoss’s Corporate Office
170 Patchway Road
Duncansville, PA 16635
Email: cynthias@hosscorp.com
CHANGES
We reserve the right to change our privacy policy at any time without notice by posting revisions on this site. Please review the Privacy Policy whenever you visit our site so you are aware of any changes.