http://howardputnam.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Howard
Client Reviews
For Meeting Planners
Services
Articles
Video
Resources
Contact
Privacy Policy
This is the web site of Howard Putnam.
Our postal address is:
SpeakersOffice, Inc.
6120 Paseo Del Norte, Ste. M-2
Carlsbad, CA 92008
Our phone number is:
(800) 222-4383
Our Fax number is:
(760) 603-8010
We can be reached via e-mail at Holli@SpeakersOffice.com
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer’s domain name and e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our web page. We also collect the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, the e-mail addresses of those who make postings to our chat areas, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations and the email addresses of people requesting our autoresponders.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site and used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending email to us at the above address, or calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above address and telling us that you do not want to receive e-mail from our company.
If you supply us with your postal address online, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending email to us at the above address, or calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above address
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed online. They also may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending email to us at the above address, or calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above address. Please provide us with your correct phone number.
Home
About Howard
Contact
Privacy Policy
© 2012, Howard Putnam.