https://howco.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Howco, Inc. (“Howco”, “Company” or “we”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Privacy Statement. This Privacy Statement describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website www.Howco.com (the "Website") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. This Privacy Statement applies only to our US consumers. Please read this Privacy Statement carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle personal information in accordance with your use of our products and services.
This Privacy Statement applies to information we collect:
On this Website
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website
Through mobile and desktop applications you download from this Website, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this Website; and
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this Privacy Statement.
It does not apply to information collected by:
Howco offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any third party; or
Any third party (including our subsidiaries and affiliates), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of the Website, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as first and last name, company name state and country, e-mail address, telephone number (“personal information”); and
About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access the Website and usage details;
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us; and
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through the Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on the Website;
Records and copies of your correspondence (including your email address), if you contact us;
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes;
Details of transactions you carry out through the Website. You may be required to provide financial information and credit card information to our third party vendors before placing an order through the Website; and
Your selections and responses regarding interests in our Products.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with the Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to the Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website; and
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The information we collect automatically may be associated it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. This helps us to improve the Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns;
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize the Website according to your individual interests;
Speed up your searches; and
Recognize you when you return to the Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to the Website.
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use the Website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based advertising or other targeted content. We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you;
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us;
To provide you with updates and notices regarding any purchases of our products and services;
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website;
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information; and
For any other purpose with your consent.
Google Adsense Advertising
We use Google AdSense Advertising on the Website. Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Remarketing with Google AdSense
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Demographics and Interests Reporting
DoubleClick Platform Integration
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this Privacy Statement:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates;
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them;
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Howco’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Howco, about the Website users is among the assets transferred;
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information;
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;
To enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes;
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Howco, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction; and
In other instances, with your consent.
How We Protect Your Information
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. The Website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you or where you have chosen a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website. In the event of a data breach, we will notify you of such breach via email within seven (7) business days.
California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of the Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us through our contact form or write us at:
Howco, Inc.
Attn: General Manager
1521 East 3rd Street
Charlotte, NC 28204
Children Under the Age of 13
The Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us through our contact form.
Changes to Our Privacy Statement
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Statement on this page with a notice that the Privacy Statement has been updated on the Website home page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you by email to the primary email address specified in your account and/or through a notice on the Website home page. The date the Privacy Statement was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this Privacy Statement to check for any changes.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions;
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders;
Send you additional information related to your product and/or service; and
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with the CAN-SPAM Act, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses;
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way;
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters;
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used;
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly; and
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can contract us through our contact form. Alternatively, you can follow the instructions at the bottom of each of our emails and we will promptly remove you from all correspondence.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You can review and change your personal information by logging into the Website and visiting your account profile page. You may also contact us through our contact form to correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Statement and our privacy practices, contact us by visiting our contact form at Howco.com or by mail at the following address:
Howco, Inc.
Attn: General Manager
1521 East 3rd Street
Charlotte, NC 28204
WHY HOWCO       COMPANY  PROFILE       PROJECT GALLERY       PRODUCTS         NEWS         CONTACT
Privacy  |   Terms & Conditions   |   Customer Support
© 2019 Howco Commercial Carwash Distributor. All Rights Reserved.
1521 E. Third St.  |  Charlotte, NC 28204   |   800-633-3914