http://htcomposites.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Terms Of Use
Welcome to our website! Accessing and using this website including the contents and information available herein shall be conditional upon your acceptance and compliance with the terms and conditions for use, notices, and disclaimers contained in this agreement. These terms apply to all registered and guest users who use and shop within this website.
Please take time to read them carefully. The continued browsing and use of this website mean you are acknowledging your acceptance of these Terms of Use. If any part of these terms or any modifications the company may make in the future are not agreeable to you, you should not review information or obtain goods, products, and services from this site.
The company reserves the right to update by a revision or deletion any portion of this agreement from time to time without prior notifications; therefore, it is your sole responsibility to review these Terms of Use periodically.
Conditions Pertaining To This Website
Use Of Website
By consenting to these Terms, you agree not to reproduce, copy, modify, publish, use, or reuse any portion of this site.
Notification Of Changes
Any modifications or revisions shall be effective upon posting.
Cookies And Other Persistent Data
This site may collect information using cookies (small data files stored in your browser) to monitor browsing preferences, collect Internet traffic data, and for authenticity purposes.
Links To And From This Website
This website may also direct you to other websites. These links are included for your convenience to obtain further information. This company does not monitor or review the contents of other party’s websites; therefore, information and opinions expressed and appearing on such sites are not necessarily shared or endorsed by this company. We have no responsibility for the contents of these linked websites.
Privacy And Confidentiality
Committed to protecting your privacy at all times, any personal information (name, contact details, e-mail address) we collect from you will be managed with the utmost confidentiality and shall be used only in accordance with our Privacy and Confidentiality Policy.
Copyright And Intellectual Property
International copyright, trademarks, patent, trade secret, and other intellectual or proprietary rights laws protect this site and all of its contents, photographs, illustrations, and other graphic materials including its name, logos, and trademarks. As such, they may not be copied, reproduced, distributed, or sold unless expressly permitted by the company through a written consent. We shall take legal action against any person for unauthorized usage of this website.
Contacting Us
Please email us if you have any questions relating to these Terms of Use.
Jurisdiction
The laws of the United States of America govern these terms. Any violations or disputes and differences arising out of the use of this website are under the exclusive jurisdiction of the court of the United States of America.
Search
Recent Posts
A Life In Space (An Astronaut’s Mental Health State)
What I Learned From Our Family Trip To Sovereign Hill
Growing Your Own Food Amid COVID-19 Through Hydroponics
Everything You Should Know About Causation
Using Space Technologies In Studying The Effects Of COVID-19
Archive
November 2020
October 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
October 2019
September 2019
June 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
December 2018
November 2018
September 2018
July 2018
May 2018
April 2018
Meta
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org