https://htrg.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
By accessing and using this Hancock Natural Resource Group, Inc. (the “Company”) website (“Site”), you (“You” or a “User”) are accepting and agreeing to be bound by and comply with these terms and conditions (“Terms”). If you do not agree to the Terms, please refrain from accessing or using the Site. The Terms may be changed from time to time, without prior notice. The amended Terms shall automatically become effective immediately after they are posted.
The information contained on the pages of this Site is subject to modification and update from time to time without notice. The Company does not guarantee or insure the accuracy, completeness, currency or authenticity of any Site content or functionality, or transmission of any Site content from the Site to you, and the Company is not obligated to modify, update or continue this Site.
HYPERLINKING
Other World Wide Web sites that may be accessed from or provide access to this Site by hypertext links are entirely independent of this Site. The inclusion of any site acknowledgments, identification of any person or entity in the Site, or any hypertext link to or from another site shall not, in any manner, be construed as an endorsement of such person’s or entity’s World Wide Web site, products, services, or contributions to the Site. Without limiting any other disclaimer herein, the Company shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to have been caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, products or services available on such linked sites.
COPYRIGHTS AND USE OF SITE CONTENT
The copyright in all materials provided on this Site is held by the Company or by the original creator of the material. Except as stated herein, none of the materials may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the prior written permission of the Company or the copyright owner. Permission is granted to download one copy of the materials on this Site on a single computer for your personal or internal business use only provided that you do not modify the materials and that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials. This permission terminates immediately if you breach this agreement. You may not “mirror” any material contained on this Site without the Company’s express written permission. Any unauthorized use of the materials contained on this Site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity and/or communications regulations and statutes. All content and functionality on this Site, including text, graphics, logos, icons, and images and the selection and arrangement thereof, are the exclusive property of the Company or its licensors and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All rights not expressly granted are reserved.
© 2020 Hancock Natural Resource Group, Inc.
197 Clarendon Street, C-08-99
Boston, MA 02116
Telephone: 617.747.1600
All rights reserved.
TRADEMARKS
The trademarks, service marks and logos (the “Trademarks”) used and displayed on this Site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Company. Other trademarks, service marks and trade names may be owned by others. Nothing on this Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark or any other intellectual property of the Company displayed on this Site. The Company aggressively enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law. The name Hancock Natural Resource Group, Inc. or any other Trademarks may not be used in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on this Site, without prior written permission from the Company. The Company also prohibits use of any Trademark as part of a link to or from any site unless establishment of such a link is approved in advance by the Company in writing.
DISCLAIMER
The information contained in this Site is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security or any investment, product or service. Additionally, nothing contained on this Site constitutes investment, securities, tax, legal or other advice. The information contained herein is for informational purposes only and should not be relied upon for determining the value of or the advisability of investing in, purchasing, or selling securities or other services or products. No information contained in this Site should be deemed a recommendation to buy or sell shares of any securities.
You should not assume that the future performance of any specific investment, investment strategy (including the investments and/or investment strategies recommended and/or purchased by the Company), or product or service made reference to directly or indirectly on this Site, or indirectly via link to any unaffiliated third-party, will be profitable or equal to corresponding indicated performance levels. Past performance is not an indicator of future returns and references to performance on this Site are provided as historical benchmarks only. No person should assume that the information presented and/or made available on this Site serves as the receipt of, or a substitute for, personalized individual advice from the Company.
The products and services referenced on the Site are available only in jurisdictions where the provision of products and services is permitted by applicable law.
USER CONDUCT
Each User agrees that it is solely responsible for its actions, and the content of its transmissions through or posting on this Site and that it will abide by all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations in use of this Site. Each User also agrees not to (i) upload or distribute in any way files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another’s computer; (ii) interfere or disrupt networks connected to this Site; (iii) use any device, software or routine in an attempt to interfere with the proper functioning of this Site or any transactions being offered at this Site; and (iv) take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on this Site’s infrastructure.
NOT DIRECTED AT CHILDREN
This Site is not directed at children, is not intended to market any product or service to children, and does not seek to solicit or obtain personal information from children.
PRIVACY & SECURITY
You acknowledge and confirm that the Internet is not a secure medium where privacy can be insured, and that complete security and confidentiality over the Internet is not possible at this time. Your confidential use of the Site cannot be guaranteed and you acknowledge that your use of the Site (including information you transmit to the Site may be subject to access by or disclosure to, other persons. Without limiting any other disclaimer herein, the Company shall not be responsible or liable for any harm that you or any other person may suffer in connection with any such breach of confidentiality or security.
You have options in relation to the information that we have about you. To exercise these options, please contact us. Your options are:
Request more details about the information we collect and how and why we use and share it.
Request to access to the categories of information we hold about you and have disclosed for a business purpose about you within the last 12 months. We’ll usually share this with you within 30 days of you asking us for it.
Have your information corrected or deleted (*nine legal exceptions apply).
We will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your options related to your personal information. We work to be clear with you about your options and the consequences of exercising certain options. If you have questions, please contact us.
*Right to Deletion (nine legal exceptions apply). The right does not apply when the company needs the personal information:
to complete the transaction or provide a good or service requested by the consumer for which the business collected the personal information or otherwise perform a contract between the business and the consumer,
to detect or prevent security incidents or illegal activity,
to identify and correct errors that impair existing functionality,
for the exercise of a legal right or to ensure another consumer can exercise his or her legal right,
to comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act,
to engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest
if deletion of the personal information is likely to make the research impossible or seriously impair it
solely for internal uses that are reasonably aligned with the expectations of the consumer based on the consumer’s relationship with the business, to comply with a legal obligation,  or
for lawful internal uses that are compatible with the context in which the consumer provided the personal information to the business.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
EACH USER EXPRESSLY AGREES THAT USE OF THE SITE IS AT ITS SOLE RISK. THE SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. THE COMPANY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABLITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT AS WELL AS ALL WARRANTIES ARISING BY USAGE OF TRADE, COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATED COMPANIES, NOR ANY OFFICER, DIRECTOR, OR EMPLOYEE THEREOF, NOR ANY OTHER PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH THE CREATION OF THE SITE OR ITS CONTENTS, SHALL BE LIABLE OR RESPONSIBLE TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY HARM, LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT MAY ARISE IN ANY CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, THIRD PARTY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
INDEMNIFICATION
Each User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers, members, managers and employees, from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of use of this Site, such User’s violation of the Terms, or the infringement by such User of any right of any person or entity.
GENERAL
In the event that any provision of these Terms shall, in whole or in part, be determined to be invalid, unenforceable or void for any reason, such determination shall affect only the portion of such provision determined to be invalid, unenforceable or void, and shall not affect in any way the remainder of such provision or any other provision of these Terms. The Company and User authorize a court or arbitrator to replace such an invalid, unenforceable or void provision with a valid provision which is as similar as possible in substance to the invalid, unenforceable or void provision. The Company’s’ failure to act with respect to a breach by User or others does not waive its right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard to its choice of law provisions. In the event of any conflict between foreign laws, rules and regulations and those of the United States, the laws, rules and regulations of the United States shall govern. Users hereby consent to personal jurisdiction by the state and federal courts located in Boston Massachusetts. These Terms and any modifications hereto constitute the entire agreement between the parties with regard to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior understandings and agreements, whether written or oral, as to such subject matter. Nothing contained in these Terms shall be deemed to constitute either party as the agent or representative of the other party, or both parties as joint ventures or partners for any purpose.
FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION/STATEMENTS
This Site may contain certain statements relating to future results, which are forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may project, indicate or imply future results, events, performance or achievements, and may contain the words “anticipate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “estimate,” “may,” “will” and “continue” and similar expressions of a future or forward-looking nature. Forward-looking statements may include discussions concerning revenue, expenses, earnings, cash flow, dividends, capital structure, credit facilities, market and industry conditions, premium and commission rates, interest rates, contingencies, the direction or outcome of regulatory investigations and litigation, income taxes and operations. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current views with respect to future results, and are subject to risks and uncertainties which include, among others, general economic and business conditions, competition, regulatory initiatives and compliance with government regulations, adverse weather conditions, and various other events, conditions and circumstances which are beyond the Company’s control and undue reliance should not be placed upon forward-looking statements.
CIRCULAR 230 NOTICE
To ensure compliance with requirements imposed by the IRS under Circular 230, the Company informs you that any U.S. Federal tax advice contained on this Site, including any Web sites owned, operated or sponsored by any of the Company’s subsidiaries, unless otherwise specifically stated, was not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, for the purpose of (1) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (2) promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any matters addressed herein.
FOR RESIDENTS OF CALIFORNIA
If you are a resident of California, this notice applies to you and supplements the COMPANY Privacy Policy.  This notice is intended to provide certain information to you as required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”).
This notice applies to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you or your household such as your real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers (“personal information”).  Personal information does not include publicly-available information and certain other information that is regulated by other applicable laws.
Your Rights
Right to Know
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection of your personal information.  Such information shall cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your request. Upon our receipt of your verified request, we will provide you with the following:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you
The categories of sources from which we have collected your personal information
Our business or commercial purpose(s) for collecting or selling your personal information
The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your personal information; and
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our disclosures of your personal information.  Such information shall cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your request. Upon our receipt of your verified request, we will provide you with the following:
The categories of personal information we have collected from you
The categories of personal information that we disclosed about you for a business purpose
Right to Delete
You have the right at any time to request that we delete your personal information.  However, in some cases we cannot delete all or some of your personal information as required or permitted by applicable laws.
Right to Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA, such as denying you products and services, charging you different rates or prices including use of discounts or penalties, or suggesting or providing a different level of service or quality of products to you.  However, we may charge a different price or provide a different level or quality of products and services only if the price or difference is directly related to the value provided to you by your personal information.
We may offer you financial incentives, including payments to you as compensation, for collecting, selling, or deleting your personal information. We also may offer a different price, rate, level, or quality of goods or services to the consumer if that price or difference is directly related to the value provided to you by your personal information.
Contact:
To submit a request to exercise any of your rights provided in this notice, please contact: businessdevelopment@hnrg.com
For further inquiries about this Privacy Policy, please contact: businessdevelopment@hnrg.com
Depending on the nature of your request, we may have to verify your identity when you contact us.
We endeavor to respond to your request as soon as we can.  If we are not able to respond to your request within 45 days, we will let you know that we may require additional time (up to 90 total days).
You may also use an authorized agent to exercise your rights on your behalf.  If you wish to use an authorized agent, we require that your authorized agent provides written proof to us that he or she is authorized to act on your behalf, and we may also require your authorized agent to verify his or her own identity.  To appoint an authorized agent, please contact us at the above address/
We are not able to respond to more than one “Right to Know” request from a consumer in any 12-month period.
Information We Collect
Information we collect may include one or more of the following:
Identifiers (e.g. real name, address, social security number)
Characteristics of protected classification under California or Federal law;
Commercial information (e.g. products purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories)
Biometric information
Internet or other electronic network activity (e.g. browsing history, search history, or a consumer’s interaction with a website)
Geolocation data
Audio, visual, and similar information
Professional or employment related information
Education information (information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act)
Inferences drawn from any of the information above to create a profile about a consumer (reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities and attitudes)
Our business purposes for collecting this information;
We collect and process your personal data for the purposes of logging interactions with clients and potential clients, consultants and other associated persons, and for relationship management and, in particular to:
establish your identity and assess applications for our products and services;
design and administer our products and services;
manage our relationship with you;
manage our risks and help identify and investigate illegal activity, such as fraud;
contact you, for example if we suspect suspicious activity on your account or need to tell you something important;
conduct and improve our businesses and improve the customer experience;
comply with our legal obligations and assist government and law enforcement agencies or regulators; and
identify and tell you about other products or services that we think may be of interest to you.
Third parties we share this information with:
We will not sell your personal data to any third parties.  We may share your data with third parties where we have a legitimate interest or legal reason for doing so. These include:
service providers, for example custodians, brokers, unit registry services or correspondent banks;
those to whom we outsource certain functions, for example, direct marketing, statement production, information technology support;
brokers, agents and advisers and persons acting on your behalf, for example a custodian or asset consultant;
other financial institutions, for example so that we can process a claim for mistaken payment;
auditors;
government and law enforcement agencies or regulators; and
entities established to help identify illegal activities and prevent fraud.
We will share personal information with our affiliates for certain business purposes, only if the law permits it. Please note that we do NOT give your personal information, without your consent, to any organization outside of our member companies, for the purpose of that organization marketing their own products or services directly to you.
Date of last update: December 31, 2019
© 2020 Hancock Natural Resource Group, Inc.
External Link
By clicking “continue”, you will be leaving the Hancock Timber Resource Group website and landing on the following website:
http://www.forestrystandard.org.au/...
Hancock Timber Resource Group is not responsible for for the accuracy, legality or content of the external site or for that of subsequent links.
Continue
Back to HTRG