http://hudfcu.org/privacy/
Home
Accounts
Savings
Checking
Money Markets
Business
Youth
Club Accounts
Share Certificates (CDs)
IRAs
Deposit Rates
Loans
Auto Loans
Credit Card
Home Equity
Mortgages
Personal loans
Student Loans
Loan Rates
Express Pay
Services
Online Banking
Mobile Banking
ATM/Debit Card
Surcharge-Free ATMs
Shared Branches
Skip a Pay
Direct Deposit
Medallion Stamp
Wire Transfer
Branch Services
About Us
Membership
Rewards Program
About the CU
Forms and Disclosures
Fee Schedule
News
Careers
Resources
Contact Us
Branch Locator
Financial Education
Online Banking
Join
Contact Us
Rates
Financial Education
Routing # 254074730
ACCOUNTS
SAVINGS
CHECKING
MONEY MARKETS
BUSINESS
YOUTH
CLUB ACCOUNTS
SHARE CERTIFICATES (CDs)
IRAs
DEPOSIT RATES
Mobile Banking
Access your account 24/7/365
LOANS
AUTO LOANS
CREDIT CARD
HOME EQUITY
MORTGAGES
PERSONAL LOANS
STUDENT LOANS
LOAN RATES
EXPRESS PAY
Student Loan Refinancing
Consolidate and refinance your existing student loans
SERVICES
ONLINE BANKING
MOBILE BANKING
ATM/DEBIT CARD
SURCHARGE FREE ATMs
SHARED BRANCHES
SKIP A PAY
DIRECT DEPOSIT
MEDALLION STAMP
WIRE TRANSFER
BRANCH SERVICES
30,000 Free ATMs
At convenient locations like 7-Eleven and Costco
ABOUT US
MEMBERSHIP
REWARDS PROGRAM
ABOUT THE CU
FORMS AND DISCLOSURES
FEE SCHEDULE
NEWS
CAREERS
Lifetime Membership
Once a member. Always a member.
RESOURCES
CONTACT US
BRANCH LOCATOR
FINANCIAL EDUCATION
5,000+ Shared Branches
Deposit checks and cash nationwide
PAY MY LOAN
LOGIN
Privacy Policy
HUD Federal Credit Union (“HUDFCU”) operates hudfcu.org. It is HUDFCU’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect. This policy is meant to be a supplement to any other agreement we have with you and does not supersede any of these agreements.
Website VisitorsLike most website operators, HUDFCU collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. HUDFCU’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how HUDFCU’s visitors use its website. From time to time, HUDFCU may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
HUDFCU also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP).
Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain visitors to HUDFCU’s websites choose to interact with HUDFCU in ways that require HUDFCU to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that HUDFCU gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a newsletter to provide a name, company and email address. In each case, HUDFCU collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with HUDFCU. HUDFCU does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated StatisticsHUDFCU may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, HUDFCU may monitor website usage information. HUDFCU may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, HUDFCU does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying InformationHUDFCU discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors, affiliated organizations, and third party services such as Google Analytics that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on HUDFCU’s behalf or to provide services available at HUDFCU’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors, affiliated organizations, and third party services may be located outside of your home country; by using HUDFCU’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. HUDFCU will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, HUDFCU discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when HUDFCU believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of HUDFCU, third parties or the public at large, or in order to provide marketing and/or services to customers or potential customers, or to collect and analyze information. If you have supplied your email address, HUDFCU may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with HUDFCU and our products. We expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. HUDFCU takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
CookiesA cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. HUDFCU uses cookies to help HUDFCU identify and track visitors, their usage of HUDFCU website, and their website access preferences. HUDFCU visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using HUDFCU’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of HUDFCU’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business TransfersIf HUDFCU, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that HUDFCU goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of HUDFCU may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
AdsWhile hudfcu.org does not display any third-party ads, cookies may be set by advertising partners in order to market HUDFCU’s products and services on other websites. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by HUDFCU and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertiser or network.
Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, HUDFCU may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in HUDFCU’s sole discretion. HUDFCU encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
202-863-2800
Lost Card?
admin@hudfcu.org
lending@hudfcu.org
Location & Hours
Reorder Checks
Contact Us
Financial Education
Terms
Privacy
Accessibility
Third Party Link Disclosure
Powered by Narmi
© 2020 HUD Federal Credit Union. All Rights Reserved. Federally insured by the National Credit Union Administration, a U.S. Government Agency. Deposits insured up to $250,000.
This credit union is federally insured by the National Credit Union Administration. We do business in accordance with the Federal Fair Housing Law and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. NMLS #: 438402