https://huecu.org/policies/privacy/
Skip to Main Content
Dismiss
Please Note: For the most up-to-date information on HUECU's response to the COVID-19 pandemic including branch availability, please visit huecu.org/covid-19-help.
Policies » Consumer Privacy Policy Consumer Privacy Policy
Important Notice Regarding Your Personal Information
Rev. 01/2016
FACTS
What does Harvard University Employees Credit Union do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
– Social Security number
– Account balances
– Payment history
– Transaction history
– Credit history
– Overdraft history
When you are no longer a member, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share members’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their members’ personal information; the reasons Harvard University Employees Credit Union chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Do we share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates everyday business purposes
information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates everyday business purposes
information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For non-affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
Questions?
Call 617-495-4460 or email us at huecu@harvard.edu.
What We Do
How does Harvard University Employees Credit Union protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. We also maintain other physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect this information and we limit access to information to those employees for whom access is appropriate.
How does Harvard University Employees Credit Union collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
– Open an account
– Provide your mortgage information
– Make deposits or withdrawals from your account
– Show your driver’s license
– Give us your contact information
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
– sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes, information about your creditworthiness
– affiliates from using your information to market to you
– sharing for non-affiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more on your rights under state law.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
– Harvard University Employees Credit Union has no affiliates.
Non-affiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
– Harvard University Employees Credit Union does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
– Harvard University Employees Credit Union doesn’t jointly market.
Other Important Information
For Alaska, Illinois, Maryland and North Dakota Members. We will not share personal information with nonaffiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing – without your authorization.
For California Members. We will not share personal information with nonaffiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing – without your authorization. We will also limit our sharing of personal information about you with our affiliates to comply with all California privacy laws that apply to us.
For Massachusetts, Mississippi and New Jersey Members. We will not share personal information from deposit or share relationships with nonaffiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing – without your authorization.
For Vermont Members/Customers.
– We will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures.
– Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found at www.huecu.org or call 617-495-4460
Harvard University Employees Credit Union
Cookie Settings
When you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. Control your personal Cookie Services here.
Analytics
Necessary
Privacy Center Consumer Privacy Policy Digital Privacy & Cookies Policy
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. ShareThis__stid pxcelBcnLcy pxcelPage_c010 HubspotWe track anonymized user information to improve our website.__hssc __hssrc __hstc hubspotutk
Google Tag ManagerWe use Google Tag Manager to monitor our traffic and to help us AB test new features.These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. CloudflareFor perfomance reasons we use Cloudflare as a CDN network. This saves a cookie "__cfduid" to apply security settings on a per-client basis. This cookie is strictly necessary for Cloudflare's security features and cannot be turned off.__cfduid Technical CookiesIn order to use this website we use the following technically required cookieswordpress_test_cookie wordpress_logged_in_ wordpress_sec
Decline all Services
Accept all Services