https://huecu.org/privacy-center/digital-privacy-and-cookies-policy/
Skip to Main Content
Dismiss
Please Note: For the most up-to-date information on HUECU's response to the COVID-19 pandemic including branch availability, please visit huecu.org/covid-19-help.
Privacy Center » Digital Privacy & Cookies Policy Digital Privacy & Cookies Policy
Digital Privacy & Cookies Policy
This Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use, disclose and protect your information, including any nonpublic personal information. This policy applies to information we collect when you use our website and mobile application (collectively, “Services”) or otherwise interact with us as described below.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this policy, and in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as by adding a statement to the homepages of our website or mobile application or by sending you an email notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
This privacy policy applies to the Services provided by Harvard University Employees Credit Union (“HUECU,” “we” or “us”).
Collection of Information
Categories of Non-Public Personal Information
Information You Provide to Us
We collect nonpublic personal information you provide to us when you apply for an HUECU account or when you communicate with us about your HUECU account. The types of information we may collect include your name, address, phone number, email address, date of birth, bank account information, social security number, username, password, and any other information you choose to provide.
Information About Your Transactions With Us
As you use your HUECU account to perform financial transactions, we collect nonpublic personal information in connection with each transaction, including transaction time, dollar amount and merchant details.
Information From Other Sources
When you create an HUECU account, we may collect information, including nonpublic personal information, about you from nonaffiliated third party service providers in order to verify your identity, for fraud prevention, including your prior addresses and names, and to verify your eligibility for products and services.
Other Information We Collect
We may also collect other information from you that is not connected with an HUECU account as follows:
Information You Provide to Us
We may collect information you provide to us, such as your name, email address and any other information you choose to provide. For example, we may collect such information if you enter into any contest or promotion.
Information We Collect Automatically from our Services
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about you as follows:
Log Information: We log information about your use of our Services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Device Information: We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information. We may also collect other device identification information for the purposes of detecting and preventing fraud, including battery life, whether the device is moving and its camera capabilities.
Location Information: We may collect your precise location information from your mobile device in accordance with the permission process set by your mobile device. Additionally, we may derive your approximate location from your IP address. Also, we have incorporated Google Maps into our Services, and you may consent to the collection of location information by Google Maps in connection with your use of this maps service. Any information collected via your use of Google Maps will be transmitted directly to Google and is not collected by us. Please refer to Google’s privacy policy for details about their collection, use and sharing of this information. For information about how to disable the collection of location information from your device, please see “Your Choices” below.
Stored Information: We may access information you have stored on your mobile device via our mobile app in accordance with the permission process set by your mobile device.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We use various technologies to collect information on our Services and this may include sending cookies to your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us to improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see “Your Choices” below. We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”). Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon.
How We Respond to Do Not Track Signals: We allow Do Not Track browser configurations. We use cookies and other tracking technologies, and Do Not Track status may alter the available services with certain browsers, when these tracking functionalities are used to provide services. We do not alter the information our applications attempt to collect based on your Do Not Track configuration.
Use of Information
We may use your information, including nonpublic personal information as follows:
Provide, maintain and improve our Services;
Provide and deliver the products and services you request, process transactions and send you related information, including confirmations;
Verify your identity and prevent fraud;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by HUECU and others, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;
Personalize and improve the Services and provide advertisements, content or features that match user profiles or interests;
Process and deliver contest or promotion entries and rewards;
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
HUECU is based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries.
Disclosure of Information
Please see the HUECU Consumer Privacy Notice for information on how Personal Information may be shared and how you may be able to limit certain types of sharing.
Your Choices
Account Information
You may edit your account profile information by logging into your account via our Services. If you wish to delete or deactivate your online account, please contact us, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails and text messages from HUECU by following the instructions in those messages. Please note that if you opt out, we may still send you transactional or relationship messages, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Location Information
If you initially consent to the collection of precise location information by HUECU or Google Maps within our mobile application, you may be able to subsequently stop this collection through your device operating system settings or through your online account settings. If either of these opt-out options are not available to you, you may also disable collection of this location information by following the standard uninstall process to remove our mobile application from your device.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Social Sharing Features
Our Services include social sharing features for common social networks to let users share content. These features are served from third-party services that may serve their own cookies. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Analytics and Advertising Services Provided by Others
We may allow others to provide analytics services on our behalf and to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet. These entities may use cookies, device identifiers, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and online services, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, mobile network information, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by HUECU and others, to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising targeted to your interests and better understand your online activity. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit https://www.aboutads.info/choices. Your mobile device may also include a feature that allows you to opt out of having certain information collected through apps used for behavioral advertising purposes. Please review the settings of your mobile device for more information.
Security
HUECU takes reasonable measures to help protect all information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Additionally, HUECU implements policies designed to protect the confidentiality and security of your nonpublic personal information. HUECU implements security practices and procedures designed to protect the confidentiality and security of such information and prohibit unlawful disclosure of such information in accordance with its policies. These measures may include device safeguards and secured files and buildings as well as oversight of our third party service providers to ensure information remains confidential and secure.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Digital Privacy & Cookies Policy, please contact our Data Protection Officer via the contact form within our Privacy Center.
Harvard University Employees Credit Union
Cookie Settings
When you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. Control your personal Cookie Services here.
Analytics
Necessary
Privacy Center Consumer Privacy Policy Digital Privacy & Cookies Policy
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. ShareThis__stid pxcelBcnLcy pxcelPage_c010 HubspotWe track anonymized user information to improve our website.__hssc __hssrc __hstc hubspotutk
Google Tag ManagerWe use Google Tag Manager to monitor our traffic and to help us AB test new features.These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. CloudflareFor perfomance reasons we use Cloudflare as a CDN network. This saves a cookie "__cfduid" to apply security settings on a per-client basis. This cookie is strictly necessary for Cloudflare's security features and cannot be turned off.__cfduid Technical CookiesIn order to use this website we use the following technically required cookieswordpress_test_cookie wordpress_logged_in_ wordpress_sec
Decline all Services
Accept all Services