https://huecu.org/covid-19-help/
Skip to Main Content
Dismiss
Please Note: For the most up-to-date information on HUECU's response to the COVID-19 pandemic including branch availability, please visit huecu.org/covid-19-help.
We’re here to help. We’re here to help.
During this trying time, we wanted to share a few of the ways we are here for you.
At HUECU, the well-being and safety of our members, employees, and community is our top priority. We understand the uncertainty you may be experiencing regarding COVID-19 and wanted to provide some of the ways we’re here to assist members.
We are monitoring the latest reports from the Centers for Disease Control and have taken a number of precautionary measures for the health and safety of our members and employees.
We want to assure you that there are contingency procedures in place and members will have uninterrupted access to their accounts.
Fortunately, very few HUECU transactions and activities cannot be accomplished remotely or online. In addition, our Support Center will remain available during business hours even if branches close temporarily to assist with any questions or troubleshooting.
Our Harvard Square branch and Massachusetts General Hospital branch remain open to assist you. Our Charlestown Navy Yard branch is open with limited hours. We urge our members to choose mobile/online access tools whenever possible.
Our Support Center is here for you during the following hours. Call 617-495-4460 or email huecu@harvard.edu
Mon-Wed, Fri – 8:30 am – 5:00 pm
Thurs – 8:30 am – 6:00 pm
Sat – 8:30am – 12:00 pm
Online banking is available 24/7. Check out our helpful tutorial videos.
Deposit checks, view balances and transfer funds via our Mobile App. We have temporarily raised the daily limit on mobile check deposits from $5,000 to $10,000.
Checks can also be mailed to our P.O. Box (PO Box 382609 Cambridge, MA 02238-2609). The endorsement should include the account number.
Use CO-OP Shared Branching to conduct transactions at partnering credit union locations nationwide.
Utilize our Branch & ATM Locator Tool to identify locations of our Surcharge-Free ATMs nationwide. We are waiving all HUECU imposed ATM fees for members using other institutions machines.
Contact GreenPath Financial Wellness for free budgeting and credit counseling.
Learn ways to stay healthy and safe.
Check out some tips we have to make the most of being at home.
Learn more about financial solutions we’re offering to support members feeling financial hardship.
Learn more about financial solutions we’re offering to support members feeling financial hardship.
The following branch is temporarily on limited hours and access to the building is restricted to CNY staff only until further notice:
Charlestown Navy Yard (CNY)
The following branches are temporarily closed until further notice:
Longwood Medical Area (LMA)
Partners, Assembly Row (PAR)
MAIN CONTACT INFO:
Phone: 617-495-4460
Email: huecu@harvard.edu
Fax: (617) 812-8401
Mail:  PO Box 382609
Cambridge, MA 02238-2609
SUPPORT CENTER HOURS:
Mon-Wed, Fri – 8:30 am – 5:00 pm
Thurs – 8:30 am – 6:00 pm
Sat – 8:30 am – 12:00 pm
Help us keep our staff healthy and safe:
If you are sick or have been in contact with a person who is sick within the last 14 days, we ask that you please refrain from visiting a branch and instead call our Support Center at 617-495-4460 for assistance, or use our online/mobile banking platforms. Thank you.
Staying Healthy and Safe.
We’ve pulled together a few resources so you know just what to do.
Making the best of it.
Check out a few tips to make the best of being at home.
Financial Support
HUECU has put together a series of programs to help members feeling financial hardship.
Harvard University Employees Credit Union
Cookie Settings
When you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. Control your personal Cookie Services here.
Analytics
Necessary
Privacy Center Consumer Privacy Policy Digital Privacy & Cookies Policy
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. ShareThis__stid pxcelBcnLcy pxcelPage_c010 HubspotWe track anonymized user information to improve our website.__hssc __hssrc __hstc hubspotutk
Google Tag ManagerWe use Google Tag Manager to monitor our traffic and to help us AB test new features.These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. CloudflareFor perfomance reasons we use Cloudflare as a CDN network. This saves a cookie "__cfduid" to apply security settings on a per-client basis. This cookie is strictly necessary for Cloudflare's security features and cannot be turned off.__cfduid Technical CookiesIn order to use this website we use the following technically required cookieswordpress_test_cookie wordpress_logged_in_ wordpress_sec
Decline all Services
Accept all Services