https://huecu.org/policies/
Skip to Main Content
Dismiss
Please Note: For the most up-to-date information on HUECU's response to the COVID-19 pandemic including branch availability, please visit huecu.org/covid-19-help.
Policies Policies
Membership Disclosures
Understanding Your Account
Schedule of Fees
NCUA Insurance Coverage
Overdraft Coverage Options
Your Privacy
Other Policies & Disclosures
USA Patriot Act
Introduction
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT — To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means for you: When you open an account, we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see your driver’s license or other identifying documents.
Membership Eligibility
Harvard University Employees Credit Union (HUECU) is a not-for-profit financial institution that provides retail banking services to the employees and family members of Harvard University and affiliated organizations. Groups requesting HUECU services must make a written request, including proof of Harvard affiliation, to the Board of Directors. The Board must approve this request for HUECU services to be provided to these employees.
New Member Identification
A) Employee Request for Membership:
1) Employees of Harvard University or affiliated organizations are required to produce two types of photo identification for membership in HUECU:
a) Valid (non-expired) US or state government issued photo identification such as drivers license, state identification card, US passport, foreign passport (or cedula), US military identification, Alien Registration receipt card with photo, Canadian Drivers License, or other photo ID under List A or List B of the US Department of Justice Form I-9.
b) Photo ID issued by Harvard University or affiliated organizations. New employees must receive their photo ID from their employer before joining HUECU.
2) All new members must provide a valid social security or other taxpayer identification number issued by the Social Security Administration.
3) All new member applications will be verified by third party credit reference and screening to Office of Foreign Asset Control lists by, not limited to, the National Check Protection Service. Any derogatory information will be reported to the Branch Manager or Supervisor at that location. That individual has complete and final authority to decline the membership request based on this derogatory information.
B) Family Member Request for Membership:
A family member of an eligible employee requesting membership is subject to all three steps described above with the exception of 1-b. Two forms of photo identification must be presented, one of which complies with 1-a above. In addition, contact information about qualifying employee must be provided to verify membership eligibility.
Existing Member Identification
A) Transactions Performed In Person :
HUECU Staff members are expected to properly identify all members before performing transactions. In cases of transactions involving disbursement of funds (including withdrawals, loan advances, and new loan closings), members are expected to provide photo identification upon request. Supporting documentation may include account signature card, ATM/Debit card or Membership card. Photo identification is also required from members requesting Notary Public and Signature Guarantee services, as well as account verifications.
Manager or supervisor in charge has complete authority to refuse transaction requests if proper identification of the member cannot be made.
B) Transactions By Telephone:
Members requesting transactions or account inquiries by telephone will be identified using their telephone banking personal identification number (PIN). This PIN is verified prior to performing the transaction. HUECU Staff as well as the automated voice response system (Call24) use the PIN for telephone identification.
3) Internet Transactions:
The HUECU Home Banking system utilizes the same PIN as (B) above to verify identity of members requesting transactions.
4) Plastic Card Transactions:
A separate member selected PIN is verified by our EFT Processing Vendor (currently NYCE) before ATM or Debit Cards may be used at an ATM or for PIN based point of sale purchases. Debit Cards or Credit Cards used for signature based payments are identified in accordance with operating rules of MasterCard and Visa.
Nonmember Identification
When a nonmember presents a check payable to himself or herself and drawn on a member’s checking account at HUECU, we will make every attempt to negotiate the check. Once the validity of the check has been verified (member signature, available funds, lack of stop payment), the nonmember must show two forms of valid photo identification. One form must be from the same type described in Section A 1-a previously. In addition, the nonmember will be compared to the OFAC Control Lists using OFAC Tracker software. Manager or Supervisor must approve all nonmember check cashing. The Manager or Supervisor in charge has full authority to refuse transaction if check validity cannot be determined, nonmember cannot be properly identified or appears on OFAC Control List. In addition, the transaction may be refused if disbursal of the amount of cash requested would diminish our ability to provide cash to our members at that location.
HUECU does not provide any other services to nonmembers.
Effect of Future Regulations
Financial industry regulators, operating under the USA Patriot Act, will continue to issue guidelines regarding customer identification and identification procedures. Any new requirements issued by an authority or agency that regulates HUECU will be incorporated into this policy and our procedures within the time frame specified.
Website Security
Your Security
At Harvard University Employees Credit Union, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for our web site:
Visitors to the HUECU web site will remain anonymous. We do not collect personal identifying information about our visitors to our site.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our web site. Our servers collect standard identifying information about visitors to the site, such as date and time visited, IP address, city, state, and country. This information is used to compile standard statistics on site usage.
If you have provided identification (such as name and address)via e-mail or information request forms the information will only be used to communicate with you to handle your request. It is not sold or transferred to other parties unless required by law or court order.
This site contains links to web sites. HUECU is not responsible for the practices or the content of such web sites.
We caution members to avoid transmitting confidential information over the internet unless the transmission is done within a secured area. Neither on-line applications or e-mail messages are secure communication channels. To safeguard your privacy, any message containing confidential information should be printed and then faxed when completed outside the secure area.
HUECU reserves the right to change or amend its Privacy and Confidentiality policy at any time by posting a new privacy policy.
Information sent through e-mail is not secure. Please do not send confidential information (account number, social security number, etc.) through e-mail.
If you have questions about the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact:
Marketing Department
Harvard University Employees Credit Union
104 Mt. Auburn Street, Floor 4
Cambridge , MA 02138-3846
617-495-4460
External Link Notice
For your convenience, we may provide hyperlinks or text links to other web sites. When you visit these sites, you do so at your own risk and you are no longer at HUECU’s web site. We make no warranty concerning the level of security, privacy, or content of such sites, including accuracy, completeness, reliability or timeliness. You should review the privacy policy of any website you link to before you provide personal information.
Electronic Funds Transfers
Indicated below are types of Electronic Fund Transfers we are capable of handling, some of which may not apply to your account. Please read this disclosure carefully because it tells you your rights and obligations for the transactions listed. You should keep this notice for future reference.
Electronic Fund Transfers Initiated By Third Parties. You may authorize a third party to initiate electronic fund transfers between your account and the third party’s account. These transfers to make or receive payment may be one-time occurrences or may recur as directed by you. These transfers may use the Automated Clearing House (ACH) or other payments network. Your authorization to the third party to make these transfers can occur in a number of ways. For example, your authorization to convert a check or draft to an electronic fund transfer or to electronically pay a returned check or draft charge can occur when a merchant provides you with notice and you go forward with the transaction (typically, at the point of purchase, a merchant will post a sign and print the notice on a receipt). In all cases, these third party transfers will require you to provide the third party with your account number and credit union information. This information can be found on your check or draft as well as on a deposit or withdrawal slip. Thus, you should only provide your credit union and account information (whether over the phone, the Internet, or via some other method) to trusted third parties whom you have authorized to initiate these electronic fund transfers. Examples of these transfers include, but are not limited to:
Preauthorized credits. You may make arrangements for certain direct deposits to be accepted into your checking, share savings, or money market account(s).
Preauthorized payments. You may make arrangements to pay certain recurring bills from your checking or share savings account(s).
Electronic check or draft conversion. You may authorize a merchant or other payee to make a one-time electronic payment from your checking or share draft account using information from your check or draft to pay for purchases or pay bills.
Electronic returned check or draft charge. You may authorize a merchant or other payee to initiate an electronic funds transfer to collect a charge in the event a check or draft is returned for insufficient funds.
Please also see Limitations on frequency of transfers section regarding limitations that apply to savings accounts.
Call 24 Telephone Transfers – types of transfers – You may access your account by telephone 24 hours a day at (617) 496-2002 using your personal identification number (PIN), a touch tone phone, and your account numbers, to:
transfer funds from checking or share savings to checking or share savings
transfer funds from line of credit to checking or share savings
make payments from checking or share savings to loan accounts with us
get information about:
the account balance of checking or share savings accounts
the last ten deposits to checking or share savings accounts
the last ten withdrawals from checking or share savings accounts
Please also see Limitations on frequency of transfers section regarding limitations that apply to telephone transfers.
Your Option to Limit Cash Withdrawals – In addition to dollar amount limitations for withdrawals using your ATM card or Debit MasterCard® and/or code that we may establish, you have the option to limit the amount of cash that can be withdrawn by your ATM card or Debit MasterCard and/or code to 50.00 per day or some other amount acceptable to us.
ATM Transfers – types of transfers and dollar limitations – You may access your account(s) by ATM using your ATM card and personal identification number or Debit MasterCard and personal identification number, to:
make deposits to checking or share savings account(s) only at ATMs participating in the NYCE Shared Deposit Program
get cash withdrawals from checking or share savings account(s) with an ATM card
you may withdraw no more than 1,000.00 (or another amount determined by us) per day in combination with point-of-sale
get cash withdrawals from checking or share savings account(s) with a debit card
you may withdraw no more than 1,000.00 per day
transfer funds from checking or share savings to checking or share savings account(s)
Some of these services may not be available at all terminals.
Please also see Limitations on frequency of transfers section regarding limitations that apply to ATM transfers.
Types of ATM Card Point-of-Sale Transactions – You may access your checking account(s) to purchase goods (in person), pay for services (in person), and get cash from a merchant, if the merchant permits, or from a participating financial institution.
Point-of-Sale Transactions – dollar limitations – Using your card:
you may not exceed 1,000.00 (or another amount determined by us) in transactions per day in combination with ATM withdrawals
Types of Debit MasterCard Point-of-Sale Transactions – You may access your checking account(s) to purchase goods (in person or by phone), pay for services (in person or by phone), get cash from a merchant, if the merchant permits, or from a participating financial institution, and do anything that a participating merchant will accept.
Point-of-Sale Transactions – dollar limitations – Using your card:
you may not exceed 3,000.00 in transactions per day
Please also see Limitations on frequency of transfers section regarding limitations that apply to debit card transactions.
Currency Conversion and Cross-Border Transaction Fees. If you effect a transaction with your Debit MasterCard in a currency other than US Dollars, MasterCard will convert the charge into a US Dollar amount. The MasterCard currency conversion procedure includes use of either a government-mandated exchange rate, or a wholesale exchange rate selected by MasterCard. The exchange rate MasterCard uses will be a rate in effect on the day the transaction is processed. This rate may differ from the rate in effect on the date of purchase or the date the transaction was posted to your account.
MasterCard charges us a Currency Conversion Assessment of 20 basis points (.2% of the transaction) for performing the currency conversion. In addition, MasterCard charges us an Issuer Cross-Border Assessment of 80 basis points (.8% of the transaction) on all cross-border transactions regardless of whether there is a currency conversion. As a result, we charge you a Currency Conversion fee of .2% and a Cross-Border Transaction fee of .8%. The Cross-Border Transaction fee is charged on all cross-border transactions regardless of whether there is a currency conversion. A cross-border transaction is a transaction processed through the Global Clearing Management System or the MasterCard Debit Switch in which the country of the merchant is different than the country of the cardholder.
Advisory Against Illegal Use. You agree not to use your card(s) for illegal gambling or other illegal purpose. Display of a payment card logo by, for example, an online merchant does not necessarily mean that transactions are lawful in all jurisdictions in which the cardholder may be located.
Computer Transfers – types of transfers – You may access your account(s) by computer at www.huecu.org using your user identification and your password, to:
transfer funds from checking or share savings to checking or share savings
transfer funds from line of credit to checking or share savings
make payments from checking or share savings to loan accounts with us
make payments from checking to third parties
get information about:
the account balance of checking or share savings accounts
deposits to checking or share savings accounts
withdrawals from checking or share savings accounts
Please also see Limitations on frequency of transfers section regarding limitations that apply to computer transfers.
Limitations on frequency of transfers. In addition to those limitations on transfers elsewhere described, if any, the following limitations apply:
During any month, you may not make more than six withdrawals or transfers from share savings account(s) to another credit union account of yours or to a third party by means of a preauthorized or automatic transfer, computer transfer, telephonic order or instruction, or similar order to a third party.
During any month, you may not make more than six withdrawals or transfers from a money market account to another credit union account of yours or to a third party by means of a preauthorized, automatic, or computer transfer, telephonic order or instruction, or by check, draft, debit card, or similar order to a third party. If you exceed the transfer limitations set forth above, your account will be subject to closure by the credit union.
If you exceed the transfer limitations set forth above, your account will be subject to closure by the credit union.
Termination –
You may terminate the electronic fund transfer agreement by written notice to us.
We may terminate the electronic fund transfer agreement by written notice to you.
Minimum account balance –
We do not require you to maintain a minimum balance in any account as a condition of using an access device (card or code) to accomplish a transfer.
FEES
We do not charge for direct deposits to any type of account.
Except as indicated elsewhere, we do not charge for these electronic fund transfers.
ATM Operator/Network Fees. When you use an ATM not owned by us, you may be charged a fee by the ATM operator or any network used (and you may be charged a fee for a balance inquiry even if you do not complete a fund transfer).
DOCUMENTATION
Terminal transfers. You can get a receipt at the time you make a transfer to or from your account using an automated teller machine or point-of-sale terminal. However, you may not get a receipt if the amount of the transfer is or less.
Preauthorized credits. If you have arranged to have direct deposits made to your account at least once every 60 days from the same person or company, you can call us at (617) 495-4460 to find out whether or not the deposit has been made.
Periodic statements.
You will get a monthly account statement from us for your checking accounts.
You will get a monthly account statement from us for your share savings accounts, unless there are no transfers in a particular month. In any case, you will get a statement at least quarterly.
PREAUTHORIZED PAYMENTS
Right to stop payment and procedure for doing so. If you have told us in advance to make regular payments out of your account, you can stop any of these payments. Here is how:
Call or write us at the telephone number or address listed in this brochure in time for us to receive your request three business days or more before the payment is scheduled to be made. If you call, we may also require you to put your request in writing and get it to us within 14 days after you call.
Please refer to our separate fee schedule for the amount we will charge you for each stop payment order you give.
Notice of varying amounts. If these regular payments may vary in amount, the person you are going to pay will tell you, 10 days before each payment, when it will be made and how much it will be. (You may choose instead to get this notice only when the payment would differ by more than a certain amount from the previous payment, or when the amount would fall outside certain limits that you set.)
Liability for failure to stop payment of preauthorized transfer. If you order us to stop one of these payments 3 business days or more before the transfer is scheduled, and we do not do so, we will be liable for your losses or damages.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REQUIRED
BY MASSACHUSETTS LAW
Any documentation provided to you which indicates that an electronic fund transfer was made to another person shall be admissible as evidence of the transfer and shall constitute prima facie proof that the transfer was made.
The initiation by you of certain electronic fund transfers from your account will, except as otherwise provided in the agreement, effectively eliminate your ability to stop payment of the transfer.
Unless otherwise provided in this agreement, you (the consumer) may not stop payment of electronic fund transfers, therefore you should not employ electronic access for purchases or services unless you are satisfied that you will not need to stop payment.
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION’S LIABILITY
If we do not complete a transfer to or from your account on time or in the correct amount according to our agreement with you, we will be liable for your losses or damages. However, there are some exceptions. We will not be liable, for instance:
If, through no fault of ours, you do not have enough money in your account to make the transfer.
If you have an overdraft line of credit and the transfer would go over the credit limit.
If the automated teller machine where you are making the transfer does not have enough cash.
If the terminal or system was not working properly and you knew about the breakdown when you started the transfer.
If circumstances beyond our control (such as fire or flood) prevent the transfer, despite reasonable precautions that we have taken.
If the funds are subject to legal process or other encumbrance restricting such transfer.
There may be other exceptions stated in our agreement with you.
CONFIDENTIALITY
In order that your privacy may be protected, we will not disclose any information about you or your account to any person, organization, or agency except:
for certain routine disclosures necessary for the completion of a transfer; or
for verification of the existence and condition of your account for a credit bureau or merchant; or
to persons authorized by law in the course of their official duties; or
to our employees, auditors, service providers, attorneys or collection agents in the course of their duties; or
pursuant to a court order or lawful subpoena; or
to a consumer reporting agency as defined in Chapter 93 of Massachusetts General Laws; or
as explained in the separate Privacy Disclosure.
If an unauthorized disclosure has been made, we must inform you of the particulars of the disclosure within three days after we have discovered that an unauthorized disclosure has occurred.
UNAUTHORIZED TRANSFERS
(a) Consumer Liability.
• Generally. Tell us AT ONCE if you think your card and/or code has been lost, stolen, used without your permission, or if you believe that an electronic fund transfer has been made without your permission using information from your check or draft. Telephone us at 617-495-4460 or write to EFT Department, Harvard University Employees Credit Union, 16 Dunster St., Cambridge, MA 02138. You can lose no more than if you fail to give us notice of your lost or stolen card and/or code and your card and/or code is used without your permission.
• Additional Limits on Liability for Debit MasterCard™, when used for point-of-sale transactions. You will not be liable for any unauthorized transactions using your Debit MasterCard™, when used for point-of-sale transactions, if: (i) you can demonstrate that you have exercised reasonable care in safeguarding your card from the risk of loss or theft, (ii) you have not reported to us two or more incidents of unauthorized use within the prior twelve-month period, and (iii) your account is in good standing. If any of these conditions are not met, your liability is the lesser of or the amount of money, property, labor, or services obtained by the unauthorized use before notification to us. “Unauthorized use” means the use of your debit card by a person, other than you, who does not have actual, implied, or apparent authority for such use, and from which you receive no benefit. This additional limitation on liability does not apply to Personal Identification Number (PIN-based) transactions or transactions not processed by MasterCard.
(b) Contact in event of unauthorized transfer. If you think your card and/or PIN has been lost, stolen or that someone has transferred or may transfer money from your account without your permission, for example, by using the information from your check or draft, call or write us at the telephone number or address listed in this brochure.
PROTECTED CONSUMER USE
Chapter 167B of the Massachusetts General Laws was enacted to provide a means for financial institutions, businesses, and consumers to conduct their business relations more conveniently. Transferring funds electronically will supplement the use of checks, credit, and cash and will not replace these present methods of doing business. As a consumer, you should be aware of your rights if you choose to utilize this system.
Prohibition of compulsory use. No person may:
-require you to use a preauthorized electronic fund transfer as a condition of the extension of credit unless the credit is being extended in connection with an overdraft checking plan, or is being extended to maintain a specified balance in your account, or require you either to accept a transfer service or to establish an account which is accessed electronically as conditions of employment or receipt of governmental benefit, or
-require you to pay electronically for the purchase of goods or services.
If your account is to be credited by a preauthorized transfer you may choose the financial institution to which the transfer may be made, if the institution is technically capable of receiving such preauthorized transfer.
Waiver of rights. No writing or agreement signed by you can waive the rights conferred to you by Chapter 167B of the Massachusetts General Laws unless you decide to waive these rights in settlement of a dispute or action.
Refunds. If it is the policy of a store or retail business to give cash refunds in return for an item purchased by cash, then this policy must also cover refunds for items purchased by electronic fund transfer unless it is clearly disclosed at the time the transaction is consummated that no cash or credit refunds are given for payments made by electronic fund transfers.
Suspension of obligations. If a person agrees to accept payment by means of an electronic fund transfer and the system malfunctions preventing such a transfer, then the consumer’s obligation is suspended until the transfer can be completed, unless that person, in writing, demands payment by other means.
Prohibited means of identification. Your Social Security number cannot be used as the primary identification number although it can be used as secondary aid to identify you.
Criminal liability. Procuring or using a card, code or other means of electronic access to an account with the intent to defraud is a basis for criminal liability.
ERROR RESOLUTION NOTICE
In Case of Errors or Questions About Your Electronic Transfers, Call or Write us at the telephone number or address listed in this brochure, as soon as you can, if you think your statement or receipt is wrong or if you need more information about a transfer listed on the statement or receipt. We must hear from you no later than 60 days after we sent the FIRST statement on which the problem or error appeared.
Tell us your name and account number (if any).
Describe the error or the transfer you are unsure about, and explain as clearly as you can why you believe it is an error or why you need more information.
Tell us the dollar amount of the suspected error.
If you tell us orally, we may require that you send us your complaint or question in writing within 10 business days.
We will determine whether an error occurred within 10 business days (20 business days if the transfer involved a new account) after we hear from you and will correct any error promptly. If we need more time, however, we may take up to 45 days (90 days if the transfer involved a new account, out of state account, a point-of-sale transaction, or a foreign-initiated transfer) to investigate your complaint or question. If we decide to do this, we will credit your account within 10 business days (20 business days if the transfer involved a new account) for the amount you think is in error, so that you will have the use of the money during the time it takes us to complete our investigation. If we ask you to put your complaint or question in writing and we do not receive it within 10 business days, we may not credit your account. Your account is considered a new account for the first 30 days after the first deposit is made, unless each of you already has an established account with us before this account is opened.
We will tell you the results within three business days after completing our investigation. If we decide that there was no error, we will send you a written explanation.
You may ask for copies of the documents that we used in our investigation.
HARVARD UNIVERSITY EMPLOYEES CREDIT UNION
MEMBER SERVICES
PO BOX 382609
CAMBRIDGE, MASSACHUSETTS 02138-2609
Business Days: Monday through Friday
Business Hours: 8:30 A.M. – 4:30 P.M.
Excluding Federal and Posted Holidays
Phone: (617) 495-4460
MORE DETAILED INFORMATION IS AVAILABLE
ON REQUEST
E-Delivery Agreement
ELECTRONIC RECORD/ SIGNATURE DISCLOSURE AND CONSENT
From time to time, Harvard University Employees Credit Union (we, us or Company) may be required by law to provide to you certain written notices or disclosures. Described below are the terms and conditions for providing to you such notices and disclosures electronically. Please read the information below carefully and thoroughly, and if you can access this information electronically to your satisfaction and agree to these terms and conditions, please confirm your agreement by clicking the ‘I agree’ button at the bottom of this document.
Getting paper copies
At any time, you may request from us a paper copy of any record provided or can be made available electronically to you on huecu.org.
All notices and disclosures will be sent to you electronically
How to contact Harvard University Employees Credit Union:
You may contact us by phone 617-496-4460 or by email huecu@harvard.edu to let us know of your changes as to how we may contact you electronically, to request paper copies of certain information from us, and to withdraw your prior consent to receive notices and disclosures electronically as follows:
To advise Harvard University Employees Credit Union of your new e-mail address
To let us know of a change in your e-mail address where we should send notices and disclosures electronically to you, you must send an email message to us at huecu@harvard.edu and in the body of such request you must state: your previous e-mail address, your new e-mail address.  We do not require any other information from you to change your email address.
To request paper copies from Harvard University Employees Credit Union
To request delivery from us of paper copies of the notices and disclosures previously provided by us to you electronically, you must send us an e-mail to huecu@harvard.edu and in the body of such request you must state your e-mail address, full name, US Postal address, and telephone number. We will bill you for any fees at that time, if any.
Required hardware and software:
Operating Systems:
Windows2000? or WindowsXP?
Browsers (for SENDERS):
Internet Explorer 6.0? or above
Browsers (for SIGNERS):
Internet Explorer 6.0?, Mozilla FireFox 1.0, NetScape 7.2 (or above)
Email:
Access to a valid email account
Screen Resolution:
800 x 600 minimum
Enabled Security Settings:
·  Allow per session cookies
·  Users accessing the internet behind a Proxy Server must enable HTTP 1.1 settings via proxy connection
** These minimum requirements are subject to change. If these requirements change, we will provide you with an email message at the email address we have on file for you at that time providing you with the revised hardware and software requirements, at which time you will have the right to withdraw your consent.
Acknowledging your access and consent to receive materials electronically
To confirm to us that you can access this information electronically, which will be similar to other electronic notices and disclosures that we will provide to you, please verify that you were able to read this electronic disclosure and that you also were able to print on paper or electronically save this page for your future reference and access or that you were able to e-mail this disclosure and consent to an address where you will be able to print on paper or save it for your future reference and access. Further, if you consent to receiving notices and disclosures exclusively in electronic format on the terms and conditions described above, please let us know by clicking the ‘I agree’ button below.
By checking the ‘I Agree’ box, I confirm that:
I can access and read this Electronic CONSENT TO ELECTRONIC RECEIPT OF ELECTRONIC RECORD AND SIGNATURE DISCLOSURES document; and
I can print on paper the disclosure or save or send the disclosure to a place where I can print it, for future reference and access; and
Until or unless I notify Harvard University Employees Credit Union as described above, I consent to receive from exclusively through electronic means all notices, disclosures, authorizations, acknowledgements, and other documents that are required to be provided or made available to me by  Harvard University Employees Credit Union during the course of my relationship with you.
Withdrawal of Consent
You may withdraw consent for electronic delivery of disclosures, but doing so will not affect the legal effectiveness, validity, or enforceability of electronic records that were made available to you prior to the implementation of your withdrawal. To withdraw consent, or to provide updated information on how the HUECU may contact you electronically, you must write to P.O. Box 382609, Cambridge, MA 02238 or use a method that may be available to you on this website. If you withdraw consent for electronic delivery, HUECU will provide required disclosures to you using United States mail.
Accessibility Policy
HUECU strives to provide exceptional service to all of our members. As such, we provide access to all of our banking services for people with disabilities.
Website Accessibility
HUECU is committed to ensuring our website is accessible for all of our member and website visitors with the following:
Ability to Modify Text / Image Size
Most web browsers allow for users to adjust the text and image size of web pages for easier viewing, especially for members with decreased vision capabilities.
Use of Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)
The use of CSS follows the principle of separating content from the presentation of our website pages. If members have difficulty reading these web pages because of the fonts or colors, the CSS can be disabled on the web browser being used.
Use of Alternative Text Descriptions for Images
For members who are visually impaired, we actively use “alt text” descriptions with our images, which is compatible with text-to-speech software and allows website visitors with visual disabilities to have an accurate experience when they visit our site.
Adobe® Portable Document Format (PDF) Files
Some of the information on our website is provided in a PDF format. We recommend the use of Adobe Acrobat® Reader® v. 6.0 or higher, which comes installed with Read Out Loud, a Text-to-Speech (TTS) tool. This software is able to read text that is contained in the document window.
Physical Accessibility
HUECU’s banking facilities and ATMs are available to all members. Therefore, to ensure access, we provide the following physical accessibility features:
Audio/Braille-Enabled ATMs
All of the HUECU ATMs feature a braille keypad and are audio-enabled with voice guidance, which allows members to conduct ATM transactions by providing instructions through a headset or via braille instructions. Headsets need to be provided by members and are not available at stores or ATMs. Additionally, to ensure the security of members utilizing the audio-enabled features of our ATMs, such ATMs are equipped with privacy screens and/or features that render the ATM screen blank for greater security.Our ATMs also meet height and reach requirements of the ADA Accessibility Guidelines. HUECU regularly audits the accessibility functionalities of our ATMs to ensure continued compliance with all applicable state and federal ADA regulations and requirements.
Barrier-Free Banking Facilities
We work to ensure our stores are compliant with the standards of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and all the accessibility guidelines. We regularly review our facilities for accessible walkways, entrances and lobby areas, as well as accessible service counters, and other amenities.Additionally, all new facilities constructed for HUECU are reviewed by a registered accessibility specialist to confirm compliance with current ADA regulations.
Auxiliary Aids for Communication
To communicate effectively with our members, we are committed to providing the following auxiliary aids:
Telecommunications Devices for the Deaf (TDD) via Relay Service
Our Contact Center accepts TDD calls via a relay operator service for members that utilize these devices. Members can reach the Contact Center during our regular hours by calling (617) 495-4460.
Assistance with Reading or Completing Paperwork
For members who are visually impaired, our branch staff can read paperwork and other literature aloud, as well as assist in completing forms and other paperwork. Documents can be enlarged via enlarged photocopies or on an employee’s computer screen for the member to read. Members can also request to have documents and forms emailed to them. For members who are hearing impaired, our branch staff and Contact Center can provide written communications explaining our products, services, procedures and other information. Additionally, private meetings can be requested in the stores.
Trust Disclosure
By executing the Harvard University Employees Credit Union (“Credit Union”) Application and Agreement for Credit Union Account in the Name of Trustee(s) (“Application”), the Trustor(s) and Trustee(s), on behalf of the Trust, agree to the terms and conditions in this Trust Account Agreement and Disclosure (“Disclosure”).
If the Trust is a Revocable Trust, one or more Trustors is a member of the Credit Union. If the Trust is an Irrevocable Trust, either all Trustors or all beneficiaries must be members of the Credit Union. All accounts opened in the name of the Trust belong solely to the Trust. No transfer of voting rights or other membership privilege is permitted by virtue of a transfer of shares. Accounts are not transferable, as defined in 12 CFR part 204. It is understood that the Trust under the Application has no voting rights at any membership meeting; although each individual member retains his/her personal voting rights with his/her individual membership in the Credit Union.
THE CREDIT UNION HAS NOT RECEIVED A COPY OF THE TRUST AGREEMENT AND SHALL IN NO EVENT BE LIABLE FOR ITS CONTENTS. Trustees, and not the Credit Union, assume full responsibility for enforcing the provisions of the Trust Instrument.
The Trust Instrument designates the persons included on the Application as Successor Trustees. Trustees affirm that Successor Trustees are bound under the Trust Instrument to serve, and are authorized and fully qualified to act as Trustees in the event that all of the Trustees named in the Application resign, die, become incapacitated, or otherwise become unable to act as Trustees of the Trust. The Application will not be approved unless Successor Trustees are designated on the Application.
In the event that all Trustees and Successor Trustees die, resign, become incapacitated, refuse to act, or the Credit Union receives conflicting instructions, the Credit Union reserves the right to interplead any and all funds held in accounts opened under the Application and to deduct its attorneys’ fees for the interpleader action from the Trust Account funds.
If there is a change in the parties or terms of the Trust, including but not limited to a change in Trustor or Trustee, or a change of address of a Trustor or Trustee, all Trustors and Trustees agree to execute a new “Application and Agreement for Credit Union Account in the Name of Trustee(s).” Such change shall not be effective until the Headquarters Office of the Credit Union has received a properly completed and executed “Application Agreement for Credit Union Account in the Name of Trustee(s)” and has reasonable opportunity to act on it. The Trustees certify that they are duly appointed under the Trust Instrument and that by the authority vested in them under the Trust Instrument, they, acting alone or in concert, are authorized and empowered to transact business of any kind in connection with the Trust’s Account at the Credit Union. It is agreed that any transaction by the Trustees identified on the Application, acting alone or in concert, shall be valid and discharge the Credit Union from any liability. Trustees agree that any account opened at the Credit Union on behalf of the Trust shall be governed by the terms of the Application, the terms and conditions set forth herein, as well as the Credit Union’s Bylaws, Truth-In-Savings Disclosure and Account Agreements and Electronic Services Disclosure and Agreements, which are incorporated herein by reference.
Trustees may authorize the transaction of any business on accounts held at the Credit Union in the name of the Trust by oral or written instructions to the Credit Union. Trustees may obtain funds from the Trust’s Account in their names upon oral or written instructions, or the names of third parties upon Trustee’s written instructions.
The Trustees may receive, take possession of, release, assign, mortgage, hypothecate, or otherwise use assets of the Trust as security for a loan from the Credit Union or any other purpose except as specifically set forth below. If the trustees named on the Application borrow from the Credit Union and the Trust Instrument must be examined by a third party (for example, a title company) the Credit Union agrees to forward a copy of the Trust Instrument from the Trustees to the third party ONLY IF Trustees present a sealed envelope containing the Trust Instrument to the Credit Union. The Credit Union will not accept copies of the Trust Instrument which are not in a sealed envelope. Further, the Credit Union will not keep any Trust Instruments in its files or be liable for the contents of a Trust Instrument. The Trustees shall sign on a form designated by the Credit Union that the Credit Union has received the Trust Instrument in a sealed envelope when the Trustees present the Trust Instrument to the Credit Union.
Trustees agree that if they borrow from the Credit Union and use the Trust assets as collateral, then the Trustors and Trustees as members of the Credit Union, will, by signing all documents relating to the loan, obligate themselves as individuals in addition to the signatures of the Trustees on behalf of the Trust.
Trustees agree to promptly notify the Credit Union if any of the Trustors or Trustees die or become incapacitated. Prior to any Successor Trustees transacting business on accounts held at the Credit Union in the name of the Trust (including withdrawals), the Successor Trustees must provide the Credit Union with either a letter of resignation signed by the existing Trustees or certified copies of the death certificates for the Trustees. The Successor Trustees must also complete a new Application. Death, resignation or incapacitation of any Trustee or Trustor shall not revoke the authority of the Credit Union to act under the Application until written notice of the death, resignation or incapacitation has been presented to the Headquarters Office of the Credit Union and the Credit Union has reasonable opportunity to act on it. However, upon presentation of a certified copy of the Trustees’ death certificates, resignation, or judicial declarations of incapacity, the Credit Union is authorized to act upon designated Successor Trustees’ instructions in accordance with the terms of the Application.
Successor Trustees shall close all accounts opened under the Application within 90 days after receiving notification of death, resignation, or incapacity of the Trustees. The Credit Union is authorized, but not required, to close any accounts opened under the Application upon the 91st day after receiving notice
Trustors and Trustees acknowledge and agree that the Credit Union’s sole obligation to Trustors/Trustees is as a depository institution and is a debtor/creditor relationship and nothing in the Application or in the Trust Instrument shall be construed to impose any duties or obligations whatsoever upon the Credit Union as a trustee or other fiduciary under the Trust Instrument or otherwise.
The Trustors and Trustees hereby agree for the Trust, themselves and all trust beneficiaries for the life of the Trust and the statutory life of any cause of action, involving any account of the Trust to indemnify and hold the Credit Union harmless from any and all claims, suits, actions, damages, judgments, costs, charges, and expenses, including, but not limited to, court costs and attorneys’ fees, resulting from any and all liability, loss, and damage of any nature whatsoever that the Credit Union shall or may sustain resulting from the establishment, maintenance, and transaction of any business on any Trust Account at the Credit Union. The Trustors and Trustees on behalf of the Trust agree to pay any necessary expenses, attorneys’ fees, or costs incurred in the enforcement of the Application.
Trustors and Trustees acknowledge and agree that the Credit Union is relying upon statements, representations, and warranties made by the Trustors and Trustees contained in the Application and that the Credit Union shall not be responsible in any way for verifying either the existence, validity or legality of the Trust itself, or the authority or powers of the Trustees under the governing Trust Instrument to establish, maintain, or transact any business on the Trust Account. The Credit Union reserves the right at any time to require proof in a form acceptable to the Credit Union, affirming the existence of the Trust and the authority and powers of the Trustees thereunder.
The foregoing Terms and Conditions incorporate the full and complete understanding concerning accounts and transaction of business thereon at the Credit Union for the Trust named in the Application.
Download Adobe Acrobat Reader
Harvard University Employees Credit Union
Cookie Settings
When you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. Control your personal Cookie Services here.
Analytics
Necessary
Privacy Center Consumer Privacy Policy Digital Privacy & Cookies Policy
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. ShareThis__stid pxcelBcnLcy pxcelPage_c010 HubspotWe track anonymized user information to improve our website.__hssc __hssrc __hstc hubspotutk
Google Tag ManagerWe use Google Tag Manager to monitor our traffic and to help us AB test new features.These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. CloudflareFor perfomance reasons we use Cloudflare as a CDN network. This saves a cookie "__cfduid" to apply security settings on a per-client basis. This cookie is strictly necessary for Cloudflare's security features and cannot be turned off.__cfduid Technical CookiesIn order to use this website we use the following technically required cookieswordpress_test_cookie wordpress_logged_in_ wordpress_sec
Decline all Services
Accept all Services