https://hutchinsonconsulting.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
HUTCHINSON CONSULTING
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective: October 3, 2019
Hutchinson Consulting (the “Company” or “we”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Privacy Policy (this “Policy”). This Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you access or use the online services of the Company, and any software provided by or on behalf of the Company on or in connection with such services on the website https://hutchinsonconsulting.com/, or the job board located therein, (our “Site”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
Please read this Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Site. Each time you access or use the Site, you are acknowledging that you have read and are agreeing to be bound by the terms of this Policy. We may change this Policy from time to time by notifying you of such changes by any reasonable means, including by posting a revised Policy through the Site. Your continued use of the Site after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the Site periodically for updates.
The Site is made available for use only by individuals searching for employment openings (“Candidates”), and by individuals and/or organizations seeking to make available information regarding employment openings (“Employers”). If you are accessing or using the Site in your capacity as an employee or other representative of an Employer, you are agreeing to this Policy on behalf of yourself and such Employer, and you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind such Employer to this Policy.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On the Site.
In email, text, or other electronic messages between you and the Site.
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.
It does not apply to information collected by:
Us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or
Any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Site.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Site, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, or telephone number or (“personal information”);
That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as job history, skills, and/or general resume information; and
About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Site, and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the Site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies or other tracking technologies.
From third parties, for example, employers and our business partners.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Site may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Site, including through our employee database. We may also ask you for information in relation to certain employment opportunities or when you report a problem with our Site.
Candidates and Employers may also disclose certain information to the Company regarding a Candidate’s job performance, circumstances of termination or other similar information.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Site, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Site, including diagnostic data, other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Site.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
This information is collected automatically and either generated by the use of the Site or from the Site infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit). We use this information in aggregate to improve the Site and deliver a better and more personalized service.
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies for this automatic data collection A cookie is a small file placed and stored on your computer or mobile device. We also may use other tracking technologies such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze the Site. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Site.
How We Use Your Information
If you are a Candidate, by uploading a resume through the Site, you are requesting and authorizing the Company to make your resume, and the information contained in it, available to any Employer that the Company believes may have an interest in your resume.
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To provide recruiting, staffing and consulting services and comprise the Company’s employee database.
To present our Site and its contents to you.
To provide you with information or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To notify you about changes to our Site or any services we offer or provide though it.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
If you do not feel comfortable with your information or resume remaining part of the Company’s database you may contact the Company at any time and request that your resume be returned to you and your information be permanently deleted from the Company’s database.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this Policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Company’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by the Company about our Site users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us your resume to be part of the Company’s database, we will transmit the contents of the resume to the database and to the users of the database.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers, or others.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Site. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site.
Links to Other Sites
Our Site may contain links to other websites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children Under the Age of 13
The Site is not intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Site or through any of its features, register on the Site or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at https://hutchinsonconsulting.com/contact-us/.
California Privacy Rights
We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the preferences or settings page of your web browser.
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Site that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to https://hutchinsonconsulting.com/contact-us/.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us https://hutchinsonconsulting.com/contact-us/.