http://hydrapower-dynamics.com/about/policy-statements/modern-day-slavery-statement/
Home > About > Policy Statements > Modern Day Slavery Statement
Modern Day Slavery Statement
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1 Modern slavery is a violation and crime of fundamental human rights.  It takes many forms, such as slavery, forced and compulsory labour, servitude and human trafficking, all of which have in common the deprivation of a person’s liberty by another in order to exploit them for personal or commercial gain. 1.2 We are committed to ensuring that there is no modern slavery or human trafficking in our supply chains or in any part of our business. 1.3 This statement is made pursuant to section 54(1) of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and constitutes our Company’s Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement for 2018.
2. ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE
2.1 Hydrapower Dynamics Limited (HDL) core business is manufacturing.  We employ approximately 125 employees based in the UK. 2.2 The main premises are within Birmingham, UK. 2.3 HDL have commercial relationships throughout the UK and partnership arrangements overseas.
3. OUR SUPPLY CHAINS
3.1 HDL is committed to conducting its business in a socially responsible and sustainable way.  We work with a wide network of suppliers, all of whom are asked to sign up to our policies as a condition for doing business. 3.2 Every competitive tender requires any supplier to accept our policies on environment and ethical practices. Our main supply chains fall under the following areas:
Procurement of manufacturing products
Supply of consumables.
Professional services including consultants and agency staff
ICT equipment and services
Marketing
Facilities management including cleaning, security, maintenance and catering
4. OUR POLICIES
4.1 We operate a zero tolerance to slavery and human trafficking.  To ensure all those in our supply chain and contractors comply with our values we have in place a Supplier Code of Conduct that makes this approach explicit. 4.2 Although, we are not obliged to report on measures to ensure that all parts of our business and supply chains are free of slavery or human trafficking, we have decided to review our workplace policies and procedures to assess their effectiveness in identifying and tackling slavery and human trafficking issues.  Government policy on ethical supply chains will also be considered by HDL. 4.3 Our workplace policies and procedures will demonstrate our commitment to acting ethically and with integrity in all our business relationships and to implementing and enforcing effective systems and controls to ensure slavery and human trafficking are  not taking place anywhere within our supply chains.
5. DUE DILIGENCE PROCESSES
5.1 We have begun a due diligence process which includes integrating and acting upon the findings of our risk assessment processes and taking action to create a culture of zero tolerance of slavery and human trafficking. 5.2 The risk assessment process includes:
Reviewing all our suppliers and; any supplier who is reluctant to provide the necessary evidence of compliance will ultimately cease to be a supplier
Supply contracts are only awarded where suppliers can demonstrate an appropriate and complementary position with HDL values
Third party suppliers are expected to ensure their goods, materials and labour related supply chains are fully compliant and free from ethical ambiguities
Reviewing our procurement processes to enable us to procure suppliers in an ethical and sustainable way
6. TRAINING
6.1 To ensure an understanding of the risks of slavery and human trafficking in business and supply chains we intend to raise awareness by delivering training to our staff.  In particular staff involved in the procurement of goods and services will receive training on ethical procurement and supply, or equivalent. 6.2 This statement forms part of the Employee Handbook and Company Induction Programme for new employees.  All existing workers will receive relevant training on how to implement and adhere to this statement.
Make an enquiry
Interested in our products and services? Please contact a member of our team today.
+44 (0) 121 456 5656
Accreditations of the highest standards
TS502514
FM1171
EMS 623050