http://hydrapower-dynamics.com/about/policy-statements/environmental-policy/
Home > About > Policy Statements > Environmental Policy
Environmental Policy
As an ISO 14001 registered company, the following statements of principles and intentions comprise the Environmental Policy of hydraPower Dynamics Limited, which applies to all activities of the company.
Principles
We are committed to producing and delivering the service in the fields of Manufacture of Hose Assemblies and the Manipulation of Tubes.
We recognise that our activities result in both a direct and indirect impact on the environment.
We are committed to protecting the environment. We also endeavour to minimise the impact of our operations on the environment by means of continual improvement in environmental performance and preventing pollution.
Objectives and Targets
To comply with all relevant environmental legislation and regulations, and with all other codes of practice and industrial standards to which we subscribe.
To implement and maintain industry waste management and environmental best practice.
To set environmental objectives and targets, and to implement action plans addressing those aspects of our activities that have significant environmental impact.
To minimise the amount of waste we generate by seeking opportunities to reduce, re-use, recycle and recover otherwise redundant resources as much as is economically practicable.
To minimise the use of energy, water and other materials through monitoring and increasing the efficiency of use.
To communicate to our employees, customers and suppliers our policy and achievements in improving our environmental performance. To ensure that all employees are aware of their individual responsibilities for acting in accordance with the policy.
To review and monitor periodically our objectives, targets, action plans and overall environmental performance.
Tom Kilmartin - Group Environmental Management Representative
Patrick Browne - Group Managing Director
Make an enquiry
Interested in our products and services? Please contact a member of our team today.
+44 (0) 121 456 5656
Accreditations of the highest standards
TS502514
FM1171
EMS 623050