https://i-sight.com/about/privacy-statement/
Learn about i-Sight's commitment to protecting the private information we collect from you
Request a DemoCall Us Today1-800-465-6089
Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy covers i-Sight’s treatment of personally identifiable information that i-Sight collects when you are on the i-Sight website. The policy will let you know:What personally identifiable information is collected from you;How i-Sight uses the personally identifiable information that has been collected; and with whom this information may be shared;The kind of security precautions that are in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of your information;How you can access, change, request transfer and/or delete personal information;To whom questions regarding this disclosure statement should be directed.
Information Collection and Usei-Sight only records personal information, with your consent, when you submit feedback or request services/information from us. As part of this process, we may ask for your consent to collect your name and other personally identifiable information including IP address. i-Sight uses this information only for the purpose of contacting you in the course of forming a business relationship or offering the service you requested from us.When you submit a request to book a demo, receive a quote/pricing, register for a webinar or download content, we will send emails to the address provided to complete your request. We will also request your consent to send you additional information periodically that relates to your job function/role (related newsletters, webinar invitations, etc.), market research, fraud prevention, customer care. Should you no longer wish to receive emails from us, you can unsubscribe from our list at any time by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of any email and following the instructions. We will not share your email address or any additional personal information disclosed to us with anyone without your express consent.
Information Sharing & Disclosurei-Sight will not provide your personally identifiable information to anyone unless:We have your consent to share the information;We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested;We need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of i-Sight to provide a product or service to you. (Unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us.); orWe need to respond to subpoenas, court orders or other administrative or legal procedures.Securityi-Sight websites have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We maintain a secure site both through server and database security. Although any site on the web may be subject to attack, we maintain that our site is secure to the current level of protection available through our server and software vendors. All data is backed up regularly and available at any time to the customer.All i-Sight files are password-protected for your privacy and security. In certain areas i-Sight uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions.
CookiesWe use cookies on this website. Cookies are small plain text files created by a web server, delivered through a web browser, and stored on your computer. They provide a means for websites that you visit to track online patterns and preferences, as well as to identify return visitors. Cookies help to personalize your web experience so that you don’t need to re-enter your information each time you visit the site.Cookies also help us to anonymously track web traffic, as described above.You can manage the use of cookies on your computer using controls in your browser. To learn how to do this, visit allaboutcookies.org.RemarketingWe may, on occasion, collect non-personally identifiable data from visitors to our website to present them with relevant advertising, via Google’s advertising network and third-party advertisers and vendors across the internet.You can opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings. Alternatively, you can point your visitors to opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Non-Personally Identifiable Data Collected on this WebsiteWe collect and store in server logs non-personally identifiable information including, but not limited to, browser type, operating system, the date and time of visits, the pages visited, time spent on the site, and return visits to the site. We also use Google Analytics to record non-personally identifiable information such as browser type, operating system, date and time of visit, geographical location, pages visited, time spent on the site, where visitors went when they left the site, and return visits to the site.We collect this non-personally identifiable information to learn how visitors use our site, and to help manage, maintain, and report on use of our site.We may share this non-personally identifiable data with third parties for the limited purpose of reporting on use of our website, or to comply with applicable law. We also may share this data with our service providers. We do not rent, sell or share any non-personally identifiable data collected on this website with third parties for marketing purposes.
Your Ability to Access, Change, Transfer or Delete Your Personal InformationYou may request access to, a record of, changes to and/or deletion of all personally identifiable information in i-Sight files by submitting a request. You may also request that your personally identifiable information be transferred to a third party. To obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you or exercise your other rights listed above, please email GDPR@i-sight.com with the details of your request. Alternatively you can write to us at the following address:Data Protection Officer/Privacy Compliance
i-Sight
2255 Carling Avenue, Ste 500
Ottawa, ON, Canada
K2B 7Z5If you have any other privacy concerns, please email privacy@i-sight.com.
Changes to this Privacy Policyi-Sight may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our website pages
Book A Demo
To our customers: We’ll never sell, distribute or reveal your email address to anyone. Privacy Policy