https://iaitam.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyIAITAM2018-05-25T15:24:53-04:00
IAITAM Global Privacy Policy
International Association of Information Technology Asset Managers, Inc. (IAITAM ) is committed to respecting and protecting your right to privacy. To that end, we have prepared this privacy statement to disclose and describe our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website. This policy summarizes what personal information we may collect, how we may use this information, and other important topics relating to your privacy and data protection.
It is IAITAM policy to comply with all applicable privacy and data protection laws. This commitment reflects the value we place on earning and keeping the trust of our customers, business partners and others who share their personal information with us. IAITAM’s intent is to strictly protect the security of your personal information; honor your choice for its intended use; and carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure information we collect online, including the use of encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information.
This Policy applies to all Internet sites and mobile applications operated by or on behalf of IAITAM and includes IAITAM entities worldwide (each an “IAITAM Internet Site or App”). It also applies to personal information IAITAM may otherwise collect: (i) through our products and services; (ii) when you interact with us by means other than an IAITAM Internet Site or App, for example, in person, by telephone, or at an IAITAM sponsored event, conference, road show, trade show or training; and (iii) from our customers, members, accredited training organizations, distributors, suppliers, vendors, sponsors, exhibitors and other business partners (collectively “Business Partners”).
However, different IAITAM Internet Sites, Apps, products, and services have different purposes and features. If additional or different disclosures are required for a specific IAITAM Internet Site, App, product, or service, then we provide those disclosures separately on, or with, the relevant Internet Site, App, product, or service. Each such specific privacy disclosure, policy, or statement (“Specific Privacy Statement”) supplements and amends this Policy.
General Principles of IAITAM’s Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
To the extent required by applicable law, whenever IAITAM collects personal information, IAITAM will:
provide timely and appropriate notice to you about our data practices;
collect your personal information only for specified and legitimate purposes. The information we collect will be relevant, adequate and not excessive for the purposes for which it is collected;
process your personal information in a manner consistent with the purposes for which it was originally collected or to which you have subsequently consented;
take commercially reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and, where necessary, kept up-to-date;
not use your personal information for direct marketing purposes without giving you an opportunity to “opt-out”; and
take appropriate measures to provide adequate protection for personal information that is disclosed to a third party or transferred to another country, including transfers within IAITAM.
Personal Information IAITAM Collects
IAITAM collects the following types of personal information:
Information You Provide
IAITAM collects personal information you provide us, which may include: (i) contact information, such as your name, company name, job title, address, e-mail address, and phone number; (ii) additional information about you to help us get to know you better, such as your gender, age, date of birth, nationality, professional associations and registration numbers, information about how you use our products, and demographic information; (iii) comments, questions, requests and orders you may make; (iv) financial information needed to process payments if you make purchases, such as credit card or account information or tax identification number; (v) log-in information, including, if applicable, social media account information for login purposes; and (vi) information about your preferences, such as your preferred methods of communication and product types in which you are interested.
Information Automatically Gathered from Your Device
Device and browser information. IAITAM may collect technical information about your device, such as device type, browser type, IP address, operating system, and device identifier. IAITAM collects this information automatically from your device and web browser through cookies and similar technologies.
Information about how you interact with us. IAITAM may collect technical data about your usage of IAITAM Internet Sites and Apps and how you interact with our digital advertisements and promotions, such as content viewed or downloaded, features used, links clicked, IAITAM promotional emails opened, and dates and times of interactions. IAITAM collects this information using cookies and similar technologies.
Location information. IAITAM may collect location information, including precise real-time location information from your device and imprecise location information derived from, for example, your IP address or postal code. IAITAM Apps will NOT access precise-real time location information from your device unless you grant permission to do so.
Cookies and Similar Technologies:
A “cookie” is a file of information placed on your device when you visit a website. Cookies and similar technologies can enhance your user experience by saving your preferences, personalizing your online experience, holding items in your shopping cart, and sometimes providing you with advertising which is tailored to your interests.
IAITAM Internet Sites use “session cookies.” A session cookie does not identify you personally and expires after you close your browser. For example, when you use the IAITAM360 Knowledgebase or complete an IAITAM Certification Exam within the IAITAM Exam Center, we place a session cookie to provide continuity and maintain your login from page to page.
IAITAM Internet Sites also use “persistent cookies.” These cookies do not expire when you close your browser. Persistent cookies stay on your computer until you delete them or they expire. By assigning your computer a unique identifier, we are able to create a database of your previous choices and preferences which can be provided by us automatically, saving you time and effort on future visits. For example, once you have provided your consent on the use of cookies, you will not need to complete this again until cookies have expired or are deleted from your browser.
Consent to the use of cookies is required when you visit IAITAM Internet Sites. If you access an IAITAM Internet Site, you will be presented with information regarding your options, including the option to accept or reject certain categories of cookies. You will be able to change these settings on subsequent visits. Please note that you will not be able to opt out of receiving certain cookies that are strictly necessary for the delivery of a service requested by you.
At any time when visiting an IAITAM Internet Site, clicking on the “Privacy Preferences” link at the bottom of each page allows you to access information on cookies and change your settings.
Although you are not required to accept cookies when you visit an IAITAM Internet Site, you may be unable to use all of the functionality of the site if you reject certain cookies.
In addition, your browser may allow you to adjust settings to accept or reject cookies, or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer.
Analytics and Advertising. IAITAM uses third-party analytics services to better understand how users engage with IAITAM Internet Sites and Apps, including services provided by Google. To learn about the information collected by these third-party analytics, please visit their privacy policies.
IAITAM also uses third-party advertising services to provide advertisements for IAITAM products or services that may be of interest to you when you visit websites or other online services.
IAITAM allows selected third parties, including these analytics and advertising services, to place cookies on our Internet Sites. These third parties may collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites.
These third parties may be members of industry self-regulatory groups such as the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). The websites for these groups provide more information on interest-based online advertising and how to opt out of receiving interest-based online ads from participating companies.
Do Not Track Browser Settings. Some browsers may transmit “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) signals to the websites you visit. Because there is not common agreement about how to interpret DNT signals, IAITAM currently does not take action in response to them.
Information from Business Partners and other Third Parties
IAITAM collects personal information through our Business Partners. This information may include contact information, such as name, company name, job title, address, e-mail address, and phone number.
IAITAM may also obtain personal information from other third-party sources, including publicly and commercially available sources. We may combine the information we receive from our Business Partners and other third-party sources with information that we collect from you or your device, as described above.
You have choices about the personal information you provide IAITAM. You may choose not to provide information that we request, but if you do so, we may not be able to provide you a relevant service or a particular feature for an IAITAM Internet Site, App, or product.
How IAITAM Uses Your Personal Information
IAITAM may use your personal information to:
Develop and manage our relationships with you and our Business Partners. This may include: (i) delivering services or carrying out transactions that you or our Business Partners have requested; (ii) providing information about IAITAM products, services, and transactions, and advertisements, that may be of interest to you; (iii) providing you and our Business Partners a more consistent experience in interacting with IAITAM, including by learning more about you and how you use and interact with IAITAM Internet Sites, Apps, products, and services; and (iv) planning, managing, and performing under our contractual relationships with our Business Partners.
Communicate with you or your company. This may include: (i) informing you of IAITAM products, services, and promotional activities that may be of interest to you or your company; (ii) providing information about relevant IAITAM products, services, and transactions, including, for example, pricing information, technical data, invoice, shipping, or production information, warranty or recall information, or information about product or service improvements; (iii) responding to questions or inquiries that you make, including customer service requests; and (iv) inviting you to participate in, or informing you of the results of, customer satisfaction or market research surveys.
Provide and improve our Internet Sites, Apps, products, and services. This may include: (i) customizing them to your preferences or interests, making them more compatible with your technology, or otherwise making them easier to use; (ii) maintaining the security of and otherwise protecting them; and (iii) and developing new IAITAM Internet Sites, Apps, products and services.
Address legal issues. This may include: (i) complying with our obligations to retain certain business records for minimum retention periods; (ii) establishing, exercising, or defending legal claims; (iii) complying with laws, regulations, court orders, or other legal process; (iv) detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, intellectual property infringement, violation of our contracts or agreements, violations of law, or other misuse of IAITAM Internet Sites, Apps, products or services; and (v) protecting IAITAM’s rights or property, or yours or others’ health, safety, welfare, rights, or property.
IAITAM may also use your personal information for other uses consistent with the context in which the information was collected or with your consent.
IAITAM may anonymize or aggregate any of the information we collect and use it for any purpose, including for research and product-development purposes. Such information will not identify you individually.
When IAITAM May Share Your Personal Information
IAITAM will not disclose your personal information except as described here:
IAITAM may share your personal information with other IAITAM entities, including those in different countries. When we do so, these other IAITAM entities will use your information in a manner consistent with this Policy, any applicable Specific Privacy Statements, and all applicable privacy and data protection laws.
IAITAM may also share your personal information with third parties we hire to perform support services for us. These third parties are required to use the personal information we share with them only to perform services on our behalf and to treat your personal information in compliance with all applicable privacy and data protection laws.
In some cases, IAITAM may share your personal information with third parties who partner with us to provide products and services to our customers, such as accredited training organizations, IAITAM Provider Members and IAITAM event sponsors. If so, we will require our Business Partners to use that information in a manner consistent with this Policy, any applicable Specific Privacy Statements, and all applicable privacy and data protection laws.
IAITAM may share your personal information with third parties when we have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary: (i) to comply with a law, regulation, court order, or other legal process; (ii) to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, intellectual property infringement, violation of our contracts or agreements, violation of law, or other misuse of IAITAM Internet Sites, Apps, products or services; (iii) to protect IAITAM rights or property or yours or others’ health, safety, welfare, rights, or property; or (iv) under similar circumstances. If such an event occurs, we will take appropriate steps to protect your personal information.
IAITAM may share your personal information with third parties in connection with the sale, purchase, merger, reorganization, liquidation or dissolution of IAITAM or an IAITAM business unit, or under similar circumstances. If such an event occurs, we will take appropriate steps to protect your personal information.
IAITAM may share your information with your permission or at your request.
IAITAM may share anonymized or aggregated information internally and with third parties for any purpose. Such information will not identify you individually.
Security of Your Personal Information
Your personal information will generally be stored in IAITAM databases or databases maintained by our service providers. Many of these databases are stored on servers located in the United States. IAITAM takes appropriate measures, by contract or otherwise, to provide adequate protection for personal information that is disclosed to a third party or transferred to another country, including transfers within IAITAM.
IAITAM maintains reasonable safeguards to protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of your personal information. Although we use security measures to help protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure, misuse, or alteration, as is the case with all computer networks linked to the Internet, we cannot guarantee the security of information provided over the Internet and will not be responsible for breaches of security beyond our reasonable control.
Public Forums
Portions of this website make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to visitors. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal information.
Links to Third Party Internet Sites and Plugins
IAITAM Internet Sites and Apps may contain links to websites or mobile apps that are not operated by IAITAM and plugins from social media platforms and other third parties. An example of a social media plugin is the Facebook “Like” button. We provide these links and plugins as a service and do not imply any endorsement of the activities or content of the related websites, apps, or social media platforms, nor any association with their operators. To learn about the information collected by these third-party websites, apps, and plugins, please visit their privacy policies. We encourage you to review the privacy policies for the websites, apps, and social media platforms you visit before using them or providing personal information.
Access to Your Personal Information and Opportunity to “OPT OUT”
You may “Opt Out”, review, correct and update personal information you provide to us by using the feedback mechanisms provided at a particular IAITAM Internet Site or App, by contacting us via our IAITAM Site or by writing to us at:
IAITAM
4848 Munson St. NW
Canton, OH 44718
Retention of Your Personal Information
How long we keep your personal information will vary and will depend on the purpose and use of information collected. There are legal requirements that we keep some types of data for specific periods. Otherwise, we will retain it for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the data was collected.
Children
Most IAITAM Internet Sites and Apps are not intended for children. IAITAM will not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from or about children, or the relevant minimum age under applicable local legal requirements, except as permitted under applicable law.
Questions about this Policy or our Privacy Statements
If you have any questions about this Policy or a Specific Privacy Statement or our use of your personal information, please contact IAITAM’s Data Privacy Center at privacy@iaitam.org or by writing to us at:
IAITAM
4848 Munson St. NW
Canton, OH 44718
Changes to this Policy and our Privacy Statements
IAITAM reserves the right to update or modify this Policy and any Specific Privacy Statements at any time and without prior notice. Any modifications will apply only to the personal information we collect after the posting.
This Policy was last revised in May 2018.
Update Your Privacy Settings
Privacy Preferences
IAITAM is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy rights. You can view our policy here. Click “I Agree” if you accept the policy.
This website utilizes cookies to provide the best browsing experience. Cookies not necessary for site operation can be disabled, but understand that if you restrict cookies then some parts of the site may not work. You can change your preferences at anytime.
Necessary for Site Operation
Performance
Video
Social Sharing
Advertising
Privacy Preferences
I Agree
Go to Top