https://iaitam.org/ibpl-advanced-study-courses/policy-management/
Skip to content
Policy Management Advanced Study CourseIAITAM2020-06-28T22:36:40-04:00
Price: $495.00
Save 40% with Corporate or Provider Level Memberships
Save 25% for Individual Level Memberships
*Use your personal promo code to receive instant discount on registration.
POLICY MANAGEMENT ADVANCED STUDY COURSE
Policy Management is a critical success factor for any IT asset management program. Policies need to be clearly defined, understandable and enforced. As a best practice, IAITAM has identified more than thirty policy areas that relate directly to IT asset management and must be defined for any organization. Once defined, the policies must be accessible and presented in a way that employees can readily understand what is required and why it is beneficial for the organization.
Register NowProduct Description:
The Certificate of Advanced Study (CAS) is earned by studying two areas of information technology asset management (ITAM). Advanced study courses are built around the world class curriculum developed by the International Association of Information Technology Asset Managers.
The certificate can be earned by completing two courses of advanced study through the online platform. Courses contain a series of video lectures, access to full time instructors as needed, review of ITAM concepts, and complete with a self-evaluation exercise that both brings the materials together, and provides immediate business value for you and your organization.
Instructor led in classroom courses also available, click here for the full schedule of IAITAM events.
For instructor led in classroom pricing or quantity pricing, please download the IAITAM Registration Form.
Register NowThe Policy Management Advanced Course of Study is based on the information and practices contained in the IAITAM Best Practice Library (IBPL) Policy Management volume 3, which clearly cites the criticality of this Key Process Area to any IT Asset Management program. Policies need to be clearly defined, understandable and enforced.
IAITAM has identified more than 30 policy areas that relate directly to IT Asset Management and must be defined for any organization. Once defined, the policies must be accessible and presented in a way that personnel can readily understand exactly what is required and why it is beneficial to the enterprise.
In this Advanced Course you will learn that policies specify what needs to be accomplished, who is responsible for performing specific activities and why the activity is important to the organization. The importance of Policy Management can not be overstated. We will also examine how changes both inside and outside the organization impact existing policies, forcing a constant need for policy reviews and revisions.
Agenda:
Review of ITAM Program Concepts
Introduction to the ITAM Professional Code of Ethics
Overview of Scope, Roles, and Definitions for this Key Process Area (KPA)
Review of KPA Workflow
Access to Best Practice Templates & Worksheets
Development of Projects to Establish/Improve KPA
Review of Available Technology to Support KPA
Business Area Assessment Specific to Students Business
Development of Buy-in Pitch based upon the Business Assessment
Discussion and sample projects including: Policy workflows, Establishing Policies, Policy Review, Policy Implementation, Measuring Policy Effectiveness. Technology that will enhance the Policy Management Process Area, and Executive Buy-in.
This Advanced Study course consists of the following:
IAITAM Best Practice Library Volume 3, Policy Management
Series of video lectures
Access to full time instructors as needed
Review of ITAM concepts
Self-evaluation exercise that incorporates best practices to uncover immediate business value for you and your organization.
Courses extend learning opportunities through peer-to-peer interaction. Peer-to-peer learning is what happens in an learning environment where learners (most of them working professionals) interact regularly with one another to share insights and experiences. Each course has an online discussion component guided by course instructors where learners share insights and opinions relative to the course material. Learners have the opportunity to gain significantly from the vast experiences of the instructors and other professionals. Some form lasting friendships that benefit both parties professionally.
Advanced study programs are offered online and offer learners:
The convenience of a flexible schedule
24-hour, 7-day-a-week access to courses
Attendance from the privacy of your home, office, or anywhere with an internet connection
Learners work with books from the IAITAM Best Practice Library and online study guides to perform coursework that is submitted to instructors for evaluation and feedback.
Once registered, you will receive an email with further instructions.
*Specific content is subject to change, reflecting the dynamic evolution of industry activities. IAITAM is not responsible for costs associated with cancellations. All IAITAM courses and content are proprietary and confidential.
Register Now
IAITAM is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy rights. You can view our policy here. Click “I Agree” if you accept the policy.
This website utilizes cookies to provide the best browsing experience. Cookies not necessary for site operation can be disabled, but understand that if you restrict cookies then some parts of the site may not work. You can change your preferences at anytime.
Necessary for Site Operation
Performance
Video
Social Sharing
Advertising
Privacy Preferences
I Agree
Go to Top