http://ibr-usa.com/privacy-statement/
Home
News
Our Partners
About
Services
Contact
High Flow Oil Filtration
A2LA & UKAS Accredited Labs
Advanced Filtration Testing-Air
Fuel Filtration Testing
Privacy Statement
PRIVACY STATEMENT
IBR (UK) Ltd is a “data controller”.  This means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal information about you if we collect any from communications via our website. It makes you aware of how and why your personal data will be used, namely for the purposes of answering any queries you have raised or requests for further information you have made and how long it will usually be retained for.  It provides you with certain information that must be provided under the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (GDPR).
Data protection principles
We will comply with data protection law and principles, which means that your data will be:
Used lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way.
Collected only for valid purposes that we have clearly explained to you and not used in any way that is incompatible with those purposes.
Relevant to the purposes we have told you and limited only to those purposes.
Accurate and kept up to date.
Kept only as long as necessary for the purposes we have told you about.
Kept securely.
The kind of information we hold about you
We will collect, store, and use the following categories of personal information about you:
The information you have provided to us any emails or phone calls.
How is your personal information collected?
We collect personal information about people who contact us from the following sources:
Your communications with us.
How we will use information about you
We will use the personal information we collect about you to:
Answer your queries and questions
Comply with any contractual and statutory obligation.
Comply with our general statutory obligations.
Further our legitimate interest and those of third parties where appropriate
Protect the public interest.
Further your interests.
Automated decision-making
You will not be subject to decisions that will have a significant impact on you based solely on automated decision-making.
Data sharing
Why might you share my personal information with third parties?
We will only share your personal information with the following third parties i.e. IBR Laboratories.
Data Security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed.  In addition, we limit access to your personal information to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need-to-know.  They will only process your personal information on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected date security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator or a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data Retention
How long will you use my information for?
We will retain your personal information for a period of 6 months after you have communicated it to us.  We retain your personal information for that period so that we can show, in the event of a legal claim that we have complied with our statutory and contractual obligations.  After this period, we will securely destroy your personal information in accordance with applicable law and regulations.
Rights of access, correction, erasure, and restriction
Your rights in connection with personal information
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
Request access to your personal information (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Request erasure of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it.  You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
Request the restriction of processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Data protection officer
We have appointed a data protection officer (DPO) to oversee compliance with this privacy notice.  If you have any questions about this privacy notice or how we handle your personal information, please contact the DPO.  You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for date protection issues.
Testing Services
Air Filters
Fuel and Oil Filters – Particulate and Water Removal
Water Filters
Appliance Filters & Performance
HVAC Filtration
Industry Services
Automotive & Ground Vehicles
Drinking Water & Pool/Spa
Fluid Power / Hydraulic
Industrial Process
Retail
Lab Practices & Methods
A2LA and UKAS Accreditations
Accuracy
Confidentiality
Accredited Lab
Cert
Number: 1362-01
4620
© 2017 SGS IBR        Privacy Statement        Terms and Conditions