https://icc.com/privacy/
This privacy policy has been compiled to better inform users of how their Personally Identifiable Information (PII) is being used online. PII is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect, or otherwise handle PII in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
We may collect a user’s name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, or other details to help us tailor user experience. This information is kept confidential and secure.
When do we collect information?
We may collect information when a user registers on our site, places an order, subscribes to a newsletter, responds to a survey, fills out a form, uses Live Chat, enters information on our site, or provides feedback on ICC products or services.
How do we use your information?
We may use information in the following ways:
To personalize user experience and deliver content and product offerings the user may be most interested in
To administer a contest, promotion, survey, or other site feature
To process transactions quicker
To send periodic emails regarding orders or other products and services
To follow up after correspondence
How do we protect the information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of personal information.
Our website is scanned with Malware Scanning on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make visits to our site as safe as possible.
Personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights and are required to maintain confidentiality. All sensitive information is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that sites and service providers transfer to a computer's hard drive through web browsers. Cookies enable systems to recognize browsers and remember certain information.
We use cookies to:
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future
We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf
If cookies are disabled, some features may not function properly. However, users will still be able to place orders.
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track plant cookies, and use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
We do not allow third-party behavioral tracking.
Third-party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer PII to outside parties unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating the website, conducting business, or serving users, so long as those parties agree to keep information confidential. We may release information in compliance with the law, to enforce site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
Non-personally identifiable information may be provided to parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party Links
Occasionally, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. Third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of third-party sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback.
Google
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
As a third-party vendor, Google uses DART cookies to advertise to visitors on our site based on their previous visits to our site and other sites. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookies by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network Privacy Policy.
We have implemented the following:
Remarketing with Google AdSense
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Demographics and Interests Reporting
We, along with third-party vendors, use Google Analytics first-party cookies, DoubleClick third-party cookies, or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises using Google Ad settings. Alternatively, users can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out browser add on.
Use of ZenLocator Services
We use third-party analytics services to help understand your usage of our services. In particular, we provide a limited amount of your information (such as location data and browser information) to Barreleye LLC ("ZenLocator") and utilize ZenLocator to collect data for analytics purposes when you visit our website or use our product. As a data processor acting on our behalf, ZenLocator analyzes your use of our website and/or product and tracks our relationship by way of cookies and similar technologies so that we can improve our service to you. For more information on ZenLocator's use of cookies, please visit https://zenlocator.com/privacy. As part of our service agreements, ZenLocator collects publicly available geographical information related to you, such as your physical addresses, to enhance your user experience. For more information on the privacy practices of ZenLocator, please visit https://zenlocator.com/terms. ZenLocator's services are governed by ZenLocator's terms of use which can be found at https://zenlocator.com/terms. If you would like to opt out of having this information collected by or submitted to ZenLocator, please contact us.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA) requires commercial websites and online services to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating the exact information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared.
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously
A link to the privacy policy will be on the site’s homepage, or at a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website
Our privacy policy link includes the word 'privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes
Children Online Privacy Protection Act
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission and United States' consumer protection agency enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what website operators and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices, we will notify users both via email and in-site notification within 7 business days should a data breach occur.
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which allows individuals to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN-SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act sets rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
Process orders and send information and updates pertaining orders
Send additional information related to products and/or service
Market through our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred
In accordance with CAN-SPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at cs@icc.com.  Users may also unsubscribe by following the instructions at the bottom of ICC emails and be promptly removed from all correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions, we may be contacted using the information below.
Mail:
ICC 2100 E Valencia Dr., Suite DFullerton, California 92831
Email: cs@icc.com
Customer Care: 888.275.4422
Type and Press “enter” to Search
Which best describes your company?