https://ifina.com/privacy-policy/
+44 (0)1926 815 815
sbratchie@ifina.com
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Privacy Policy
IFINA comprises various corporate entities (principally Ifina (UK) Limited, Ifina (Singapore) Limited and Ifina (BVI) Limited) – collectively, IFINA. This Privacy Policy applies to the use of IFINA’s website.
We are committed respecting your privacy and keeping your data safe and IFINA will only collect data from you that is of legitimate interest and which is necessary for improving its products and services.
We will be transparent at all time with regards to how we collect and process data.
We will not sell your data and will only share any of your personal data when given your explicit consent to do so.
We will always take the security of data we collect seriously.
Data Collection
Subject to the relevant local laws, IFINA may process certain information about you if this information is of Legitimate Interest. This data may include what is known as Personally Identifiable Information. Personal Identifiable Information includes data that could personally identify you as a natural person such as your name, email, postal address or data that could reasonably be linked back to you.
IFINA processes your personal information in line with its Privacy Policy and T&C’s to provide you with the information that is of most interest to you, and deliver the services you have requested.
We do not carry out automated profiling.
IFINA does not seek to collect sensitive personal data, such as data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, gender, religious or philosophical beliefs, health, genetic and biometric data, or trade union memberships, through this site. However, should you provide IFINA with sensitive personal data you are consenting IFINA to use the said data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We only collect data on individuals and legal entities for the purposes of providing the services which we offer on this website.
IFINA only has one website – www.ifina.com
We collect some relevant data from anyone who visits our website and when you enter this website we collect industry standard log data that records information about your visit, such as your browser type, the URL of the page that referred you, the different pages you visited and time spent on those pages. We also collect data for cookies.
This data may be shared with all of IFINA’s offices.
IFINA does not provide any data it collects with any third parties websites that the IFINA website may have links to.
Cookies Policy
The IFINA Cookie Policy is part of the IFINA Privacy Policy. We use cookies on our websites to ensure that visitors receive the best user experience possible when they browse the website.
Cookies are the text files that are sent by servers to web browsers and stored on your computer and the cookies enable us to know which parts of the website you have visited so that we can ensure we provide you with information that you are interested. Also should you make any future visits to our website it makes it easier for the visitor.
Social media tools, such as widgets and plug-ins, are sometimes used so that you can share information from IFINA on other sites such as Twitter. These interactive mini-programs collect your IP address, record the pages you visit on our site, and set cookies that will enable the widget to function properly.
Your interactions with these widgets are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them, not by IFINA’s Privacy Policy.
We may also use Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn pixel tags to help us understand how effective our marketing is on those sites.
You can decline the use of cookies at any time by modifying your browser settings.
Email Marketing by IFINA
In the event that you are subscribed to one of IFINA’s marketing lists we may occasionally send you relevant updates.
We may use web beacons, customised links, or similar technologies to determine whether any marketing e-mail which has been sent to you has been opened and on which links you click, to provide you more focused e-mail communications or other information in the future.
Should you wish to stop receiving marketing emails from IFINA at any time you can do this by
Unsubscribing using the link at the bottom of every marketing email. Alternatively you can make a direct request to unsubscribe by emailing the following address: enquiries@ifina.com
Transfer of data to cross border associate companies and third parties
IFINA may share your personal data with its offices in the United Kingdom, Singapore and the British Virgin Islands
We may share your information with our third party services providers who process information for IFINA, such as providers of information technology, identity management, website hosting and management, data analysis, data back-up, security and storage services, etc.
IFINA operates in compliance with the relevant data protection laws and regulations.
We are committed to protecting the security of your personal information. IFINA has implemented technology and operational security standards which are generally accepted in order to protect personal data and information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. We ensure that all appropriate confidentiality obligations and technical and organisational security measure are in place to prevent any unauthorised or unlawful disclosure or processing of such information and data and the accidental loss or destruction of or damage to such information and data.
Only authorised employees and services providers of IFINA are allowed to access the data and they are legally obliged to ensure confidentiality of this information.
The data you submit to IFINA will only be retained for as long as is required for the purposes for which it was collected or as required by the relevant laws. When data is no longer necessary to the purpose for which it was collected IFINA will take steps to erase all your personal data held in its systems without undue delay.
Subject to the relevant laws, you have the right to know what personal information IFINA holds about you and should you require a copy of the information you are entitled to receive it. To do this you should make contact by email to enquiries@ifina.com.
You also have the right to request rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning to you. To do this you should make contact by email to enquiries@ifina.com
Should at any point you wish to withdraw your consent for IFINA holding your data you can request this via the following email address: enquiries@ifina.com.
IFINA may disclose your personal information to law enforcement, regulatory, or other government agencies or to other third parties they are required to do so by, and in accordance with, applicable laws or regulations.
We may update the terms of this Privacy Policy in line with any new regulation or directives at any time and without notice. Should we make changes to this Privacy Policy we will make reference to the date of change. You are asked to periodically review this Privacy Statement to be informed about how we are protecting your information.
Should you have any questions in relation to this Privacy Policy please contact us by email: enquiries@ifina.com
Ifina, 6 The Court, Holywell Business Park, Northfield Road, Southam, Warwickshire, CV47 0FS, United Kingdom.
March 2018
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're OK with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.