https://igt-engineering.com/legal-notice/
Legal noticeContent,†image rights†& copyright
IGT Geotechnik und Tunnelbau Ziviltechniker G.m.b.H.
Mauracherstraﬂe 9 | A-5020 Salzburg | Austria
Tel: +43-662-641727-0 | Fax: +43-662-641729-21
VAT no.: ATU 33878408
Commercial registration no.: FN 53883s
Legal jurisdiction: Landesgericht SalzburgWebsite concept & design
florianmatthias OG
Conradstraﬂe 5
6020 Innsbruck
Tel: +43 664 412 61 29
www.florianmatthias.com
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (ìGoogleî). Google Analytics uses ìcookiesî, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case IP-anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated within the area of Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases the whole IP address will be first transfered to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing them other services relating to website activity and internet usage. The IP-address, that your Browser conveys within the scope of Google Analytics, will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics with effect for the future by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Addon for your current web browser: tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.This website uses cookies. By using this site, you agree to their use. Details can be found in our Privacy Policy.XPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.