https://iicpartners.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy NoticeWelcome to our Privacy Notice.  We are I.I.C. Partners Limited (I.I.C.), of Burleigh Manor, Peel Road, Douglas, IM1 5EP, Isle of Man and we are committed to being fully compliant with all applicable Isle of Man data protection legislation and the General Data Protection Regulation as applied to the Isle of Man (GDPR) in respect of personal data, as well to safeguarding the rights and freedoms of natural persons whose information the Company collects.Please also use the Glossary to understand the meaning of some of the terms used in this privacy notice. Important information and who we are The data we collect about you & how it’s collected How we use your personal data Disclosures of your personal data International transfers Data security Data retention Your legal rights Glossary 1. Important information and who we are Purpose of this privacy notice This privacy notice aims to give you information on how I.I.C. collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you sign up to our newsletter or enquire about a product or service.This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data.  This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.ControllerWe, I.I.C. and its group companies, are the Controller of all Personal Data relating to our personnel and personal data used in our business for our own commercial purpose (collectively referred to as “I.I.C.”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice).I.I.C. is a global partnership of independently owned and managed executive search firms, details of which can be found here https://iicpartners.com/global-offices/. This privacy notice is issued on behalf of the I.I.C. so when we mention “I.I.C.”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice, we are referring to I.I.C. only.    I.I.C. is the controller and responsible for this website.If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact us using the details set out below.Contact detailsMelanie CooperHead of Finance, Legal & AdministrationLondon, United Kingdommcooper@iicpartners.com+44 (0) 20 8144 6430https://iicpartners.com/contact/You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner, the Isle of Man supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.inforights.im).  We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the Information Commissioner so please contact us in the first instance.Third-party linksThis website includes links to third-party websites. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you.  We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements.  When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.2. The data we collect about you & how it’s collectedPersonal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).We use technologies like unique device identifiers to anonymously identify your computer or device so we can deliver a better experience. Our systems also log information:IP address (automatically collected);web browser type and version (automatically collected);operating system (automatically collected);a list of URLS starting with a referring site, your activity on this website, and the site you exit to (automatically collected); andCookie information (see Clause 10 below).We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.3. How we use your personal dataWe will only use your personal data when the law allows us to.  Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending direct marketing communications to you via email or text message.  You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.Purposes for which we will use your personal dataWe have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.Purpose/ActivityType of dataLawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interestTo administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)(a)   Identity(b)   Contact(c)   Technical(a)   Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud)(b)   Necessary to comply with a legal obligationTo use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences(a)   Technical(b)   UsageNecessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)To respond to your enquires and provide the services you seek(a)   Identity(b)   ContactNecessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our partnership)Third-party marketingWe will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside I.I.C. for marketing purposes.Opting outYou can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by logging into the website and checking or unchecking relevant boxes to adjust your marketing preferences or by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at any time.Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience or other transactions.CookiesStrictly Necessary Cookies may be placed on your computer are detailed in Schedule 1 and third-party Cookies that may be placed on your computer are detailed in Schedule 2.  IIC Partners has carefully chosen these Cookies and uses them to facilitate certain functions and features of the Website.  We also use Cookies for analytics purposes.  These Cookies track your movements and activities on the website and are designed to give us a better understanding of our users, enabling us to improve the website and our services.Certain features of the website depend upon Cookies to function and are deemed, within the law, to be Strictly Necessary Cookies.  These Cookies are detailed in Schedule 1.  You will not be asked for your consent to place these Cookies however you may still disable cookies via your web browser’s settings.You can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your web browser.  By default, your browser will accept Cookies, however this can be altered.  For further details please consult the help menu in your browser.  Disabling Cookies may prevent you from using the full range of services available on the website.You may delete Cookies at any time however you may lose any information that enables you to access the website more quickly.The website uses the third-party Cookies detailed in Schedule 2 for the purposes described therein. These Cookies are not integral to the services provided by the website to you and may be blocked at your choosing via your internet browser’s privacy settings.It is recommended that you ensure that your internet browser is up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your browser if you are unsure as to how to adjust your privacy settings.Change of purposeWe will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.  If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.4. Disclosures of your personal dataWe may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 3 above.Internal Third Parties as set out in the Glossary.External Third Parties as set out in the Glossary].We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.5. International transfersWe share your personal data within I.I.C..  This may involve transferring your data outside the Isle of Man and the European Economic Area (EEA).  If we have to transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it .Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.6. Data securityWe have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.  In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know.  They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.7. Data retentionHow long will you use my personal data for?We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available in our retention policy which you can request from us by contacting usIn some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see the Glossary below for further information.8. Your legal rightsUnder certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. Please click on the links below to find out more about these rights:Request access to your personal data.Request correction of your personal data.Request erasure of your personal data.Object to processing of your personal data.Request restriction of processing your personal data.Request transfer of your personal data.Right to withdraw consent.If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact usNo fee usually requiredYou will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.What we may need from youWe may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights).  This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.Time limit to respondWe try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month.  Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests.  In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.9. GlossaryLAWFUL BASISLegitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience.  We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests.  We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).  You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting usPerformance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.THIRD PARTIESInternal Third PartiesI.I.C.’s Partners, acting as joint controllers or processors.External Third PartiesService providers acting as processors based in the EEA who provide IT and system administration services.Professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the EEA and Isle of Man who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.The Isle of Man Treasury, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the Isle of Man who may require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.YOUR LEGAL RIGHTSYou have the right to:Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”).  This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you.  This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.Request erasure of your personal data.  This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it.  You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law.  Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms.  You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes.  In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.Request restriction of processing of your personal data.  This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party.  We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data.  However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent.  If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you.  We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.Third-Party CookiesName of Provider: Google Analytics & Google Tag ManagerName of Cookie: _gat_UA-1207119-1, _ga, _gidThese Cookies track your movements and activities on the Web Site and are designed to give us a better understanding of our users, thus enabling us to improve the Web Site and our services.Name of Provider: HotJarName of Cookie: _hjid, _hjIncludedInSampleWe use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices. This includes a device’s IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf.