http://il-concretepipe.org/privacy/
Skip to content
il-concrete pipe Terms of Service
1. Terms
By accessing the website at http://il-concretepipe.org, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on il-concrete pipe’s website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on il-concrete pipe’s website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by il-concrete pipe at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on il-concrete pipe’s website are provided on an ‘as is’ basis. il-concrete pipe makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, il-concrete pipe does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall il-concrete pipe or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on il-concrete pipe’s website, even if il-concrete pipe or a il-concrete pipe authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on il-concrete pipe website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. il-concrete pipe does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. il-concrete pipe may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However il-concrete pipe does not make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
il-concrete pipe has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by il-concrete pipe of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.
7. Modifications
il-concrete pipe may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
8. Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of United States and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.
Follow Me
Recent PostsHow to Cut Stone with Power ToolsJuly 13, 2020Before going to the process of cutting stone with power …Read More »THE ULTIMATE GUIDE TO THE 5 MATERIALS THAT MAKE A MODERN DECKJuly 4, 2019We live in a world we have a lot of …Read More »Uses and applications electric discharge machiningMay 28, 2019Electrical discharge machining (EDM), otherwise called flash machining, sparkle dissolving, …Read More »Different types of windowsMay 14, 2019Windows are an essential part of any building. Without any …Read More »Top 10 Construction Estimating MistakesJanuary 23, 2019Introduction As a contractor, the last thing you want to …Read More »
Get more stuff
Subscribe to our mailing list and get interesting stuff and updates to your email inbox.
Thank you for subscribing.
Something went wrong.
we respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously