https://imada.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy Effective Date: April 26, 2011
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or fill out a form. When ordering products, registering on our site or contacting us as appropriate, we may collect the following types of personally identifiable information:
Contact Information: your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number and company name
Purchasing Information: credit card information, billing and shipping information, product information.
Demographic Information: Age, personal interests and product preferences.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product and/or service requested.
To send periodic emails. The email address you provide for order processing will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order. If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway providers database only to be accessible to those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes, cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to helps us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and understand and save your preferences for future visits. If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However you can still place orders over the telephone.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses, and, in certain limited situations, we may exchange your personally identifiable information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent, unless otherwise provided in this privacy policy Under the COPPA, residents of California have the right to request from a business, with whom the California residents have an established business relationship, certain information with respect to the types of personal information the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year. To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by us pursuant to the COPPA, please contact through the mailing address and/or email address provided below under “Contacting us”.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, we do not knowingly collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 year old or older.
Online Privacy Policy
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting us
If there are any questions regarding our privacy policy, or for a physical copy of our privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
www.imada.com
3100 Dundee Rd., Suite 707
Northbrook, IL 60062 USA
imada@imada.com