https://immediatefuture.co.uk/privacy-policy/
immediate future | Applemarket House | 17 Union Street | Kingston upon Thames | Surrey KT1 1RP
[+44] 020 8547 1830
contactkate@immediatefuture.co.uk
https://www.facebook.com/ImmediateFuture/https://twitter.com/iftweeterhttps://www.youtube.com/user/IFTubeshttps://www.linkedin.com/company/immediate-futurehttps://www.instagram.com/ifinstas/?hl=en
Last updated 19 / 05 / 2018
Let’s start by giving you the lowdown…
If you’re an immediate future customer or subscriber, or just visiting our website as a business professional aged over 18*, this Privacy Notice applies to you. This brilliantly crafted notice tells you how we respect your privacy, what info we collect, why we collect it, what we do with it and most importantly, how you have control on how we use your data.
BTW, we are immediate future Ltd (also referenced as ‘we’, ‘our’ and ‘IF’ on this notice and throughout our website).
We live happily at our registered address: Applemarket House, 17 Union Street, Kingston upon Thames, KT1 1RP. Our company registration is: 4709287 (feel free to come visit!)
* contact us if you believe a child under 13 has provided us any personal information without parental consent. It’s not part of our policy to hold data on children.
Let’s at least be brief
After all you might not want to wade through the detail. So here is a summary below. Then if you’ve grabbed some tea and several biscuits and want to read the rest, there are links to the details.
Right up front: Your rights
This privacy notice is based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) – which we all love. If you are subject to more stringent data protection legislation, don’t use the IF website or any of our other services and get in touch so we can figure out how to make this work. Let’s be clear on your rights – click for more detail
By the way, you have the right to tell us to go away
And we make it easy for you to unsubscribe, request deletion and generally tell us to get lost! Let’s put this information right up front:
To request destruction of all personal information that we may store, contact privacy@immediatefuture.co.uk. Include in the email the phrase, ‘Request to be forgotten’. But do note, this may not be possible if we’ve a legal obligation to hold your details from a business contractual perspective. Either way, we will let you know
If you want to unsubscribe from all digital communications, drop a line to privacy@immediatefuture.co.uk . Very minimal personal data will be stored in a suppression file to ensure that we don’t send you anything ever
OK, so to unsubscribe from our marketing email communications, just click the ‘unsubscribe’ button at the footer of the email. If you receive a personal email from one of our team, just hit reply with ‘unsubscribe’ in the subject line. We’ll ensure you receive no further email communication. Your personal information will be stored in a suppression list to double make sure
How we got your personal information
We collect information about you when you contact us (through the website, phone or email), through legitimate sourcing or when you’re browsing our wonderful website. More on how we collect
Mmm, so what do we collect
Frankly it’s just business information. We don’t want to know your inside leg measurements (that would just be creepy), your bank account or the number of pets you have. It’s only business essential information we collect and we do not ask for or seek any sensitive personal information. Here’s some examples of what we collect
When you consent to IF having your personal information
When you have a business contract with us, or when using our email portal, or visiting our website; you consent to the use of any information you have provided being collected by immediate future. This information will be used as we have detailed in this privacy notice. You have a right to withdraw your consent whenever you want at any time. Just email us at privacy@immediatefuture.co.uk
What on earth do we do with all this personal information
It’s not that exciting really! Well, if you’re a client, we use it to carry out our duties and services under our contract. If you made an enquiry, then we’ll be talking to you about services and giving you oodles of advice on social. Otherwise we occasionally drop you a line to tell you about our juicy research reports or workbooks. Oh, and sometimes we tell you about our free events. We don’t do it often, but when we do, it’s worthwhile – check out our resources page . Here’s exactly what we do with your personal information
We share your information…
…only with those third-parties essential to conducting IF business (we respect your confidentiality). By sharing your personal data with us, you agree that we have the right to share your personal information with analytics and search engine providers that improve and optimise our site; credit reference agencies where this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you; business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter with them or you. Oh, and some marketing systems and services too. If you’re interested we have detailed all the software, organisations and tools we work with.
Under no circumstances will we share your personal information for financial gain. At all times we ensure no personal information about you is available via general release and maintain tight control on our management and storage of data. Find out when there are special circumstances
for disclosing your information.
How long we hold information and on what basis
We collect personal information for specific purposes and on a specific legal basis as outlined below. We collect only the personal information required for these specific purposes. Once this purpose has been satisfied and if the personal information is no longer needed, we will either anonymise it or delete it completely.
Our aim is to remove data which have collected directly from you from our systems if we haven’t had any direct contact with you for more than 36 months
For personal data given by our clients, we are governed by contractual data retention rules as specified in their privacy notices.
In certain circumstances, we have a statutory obligation to keep your personal information for a set period of time. For example, the Limitations Acts 1939 to 1980 (normally 6-7 years) or for financial auditing purposes.
Always improving and changing
We want to make this lovely privacy notice a thing of beauty, so we will update it periodically. We’ll post changes on this page. So, do come back and re-visit this page if you fancy it. If you think of any improvements, or good jokes to share, then please email us at privacy@immediatefuture.co.uk
In all seriousness though, we aim to be fair and transparent about how we collect and process your data. We endeavour to provide you with enough information for you to clearly know exactly what we are doing with it. If you have any queries (no matter how small) then please get in touch at privacy@immediatefuture.co.uk
The nitty-gritty details
It is your right to:
Request IF to erase, destroy, suppress or stop the processing of your personal data if that personal data is no longer accurate, up-to-date or when the further processing of your data would be in violation of the current data protection law, provided there is no legal obligation for us to keep it.
Information that explains how we’re processing information about you. We’ve an obligation to process only a minimum of data for specific, legitimate and explicit purposes in a fair, lawful and transparent manner. This privacy notice fulfils our obligations to provide you with information, but please do contact privacy@immediatefuture.co.uk if you have any questions or concerns
Access information held about you. You can exercise this right in accordance with the data protection law. Please email privacy@immediatefuture.co.uk for more information
Unsubscribe to any of our marketing communications. You can do this at any time or ask for any record of your data to be deleted
Make a complaint about how we’re handling your data with the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK: ico.org.uk/concerns/
This is how we collect personal information at IF:
From inbound enquiries via phone, email or other forms
Through events, networking that we run, and those we attend too
From client onboarding
On our website, via online forms and the use of cookies*
Occasionally using legitimate lead sourcing and from publicly available sources such as social media
When you give your love us so much you give us consent to contact you
*We use cookies (not the chocolate variety, I am afraid) on the IF website. They’re damn useful in giving you the experience and relevant content. We use Google Analytics to make relevant updates to the site. Our full Cookie Policy can be found here https://immediatefuture.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Here’s the personal information we may collect:
Company info: company name, address, sector, telephone number, size of company by number of employees
Personal contact information: name, job title, business email address, business contact telephone numbers
The usual information required to carry out our business contract e.g. Finance contacts / PO systems / organisational banking details
When there are special circumstances for disclosing your information:
We are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use or terms and conditions of supply and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of IF, our customers, or others
When IF or the majority of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held about its customers will be one of the transferred assets
If your personal data is transferred by us outside the EEA for processing or storage in order to fulfil our services and duties or in providing support. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We’ll ensure that any transfer is in line with the prevailing data protection law. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy
Exactly what we use your data for:
To do what we promised on the contract we have with you (and your colleagues). We provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us
To tell you all about the services we offer that we believe will be of legitimate interest to you. Really, we don’t want to bore you to death, so we think carefully about this one
To tell you social media news, insight and information we know will be of interest to you
To hone the content on our website and in social to ensure that it is presented in the most effective way for you and for your device
Very bloomin’ occasionally to survey you so we can review how we’re performing as a business or provide greater insight for your business
To notify you about changes to our services, location or people
Who we share your data with
Microsoft UK (365) who provide our office & email system hosting
SalesForce for our sales and marketing
Mailchimp for our email marketing campaigns
net and Hosting UK who both provide website hosting
Google (analytics) who prove website tracking and statistical services
Brightalk who provide our webinar hosting platform
Skype, Slack, WhatsApp, Google Hangouts, Zoom for communications
Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn using Hash data to create custom audiences
Our legal basis for processing your data
To fulfil any contractual obligations or legal obligations we may have when you use IF services
In the pursuit of our legitimate interests as a commercial organisation including the marketing and promotion of our brand, products, and services
When you’ve given us consent to do so
Phew! well done for getting to the end. Now go and pour yourself a large gin!
Latest tweets
Whether B2C or B2B, you can make #social a smash hit in 2021 with careful planning, investment and focusing on the… https://t.co/t1qTOo0lszabout 1 hour agoFor those working in #marcomms, 2020 has been largely unpredictable. But how is 2021 shaping up? Listen to candid t… https://t.co/HelPoTH1KI2 hours agoTikTok, time is up! Or is it?? Well, not quite yet! The madness of 2020 continued when Trump ordered the banning of… https://t.co/DWbWJR4EQE4 hours ago
CategoriesCategories
Select Category
Ad Block
Advertising
Apps
AR
Augmented Reality
B2B social media
B2C social media
Blogging
Brand marketing
Byte
Chatbot
Community Management
Content Marketing
Content Planning
Content Strategy
Copywriting
Corporate reputation
Dark Social
Data
Design
Digital Marketing
ecommerce
Events
Facebook
Facebook Live
GBBO
Google+
IF Podcast
influencer marketing
influencer marketing
Infographics
Instagram
Journalism
Lead Generation
LinkedIn
Live Stream
measurement
Media planning
Messaging
Mobile
Monitoring & insight
Music
neuromarketing
Neuroscience
Off Topic Posts
Online PR
Online reputation management
Paid social
Periscope
Pinterest
Planning
Podcast
real-time
Recruitment
Reputation
ROI
Seminars
SEO
SEO PR
Snapchat
social business
Social Customer Service
Social Innovation
Social Media
social media agency
Social Media Crisis
Social media law
Social media marketing
Social media platforms
social media policy
social media research
social media strategy
Social media training
Social Networking
Social plan
Social Retail
social search
Social Shopping
Social Snapshot
Social TV
The social shopping explosion
TikTok
Tone of Voice
Triller
Tumblr
Twitch
Twitter
Uncategorized
Video
Virtual Reality
VR
Weekly digest
WhatsApp
wordpress
yahoo
Youtube
Copyright 2014 | immediate future
Our bloomin’ amazing Privacy Notice
Terms & Conditions
Cookie Policy
Contact
Our bloomin’ amazing Privacy NoticeTerms & ConditionsCookie PolicyContactBottom