https://impact.jpmorganchase.com/impact/our-approach/policy-center
Advancing opportunity through evidence-based policy solutions.
Our Mission
The JPMorgan Chase PolicyCenter develops and advances sustainable, evidence-based policy solutions to drive inclusive economic growth in the U.S. and around the world. It is powered by the firm’s global business resources and expertise, including data, research, talent and philanthropic investments. The PolicyCenter works with policy, business and community leaders to drive effective solutions at all levels of government.
WATCH VIDEO
×
JPMC PolicyCenter
View Transcript
(updates content above)
Hide Transcript (updates content above)
There’s a box on certain job applications that might not seem like much.
But for millions of Americans, that box can mean the difference between getting a job interview or not.
That’s because 1 in 3 American adults have a criminal record — and they may have to disclose that fact if they want a shot at a job.
Barriers like this reinforce the systemic inequalities in our country — which matters now more than ever, when COVID-19 is exacerbating deep racial and economic disparities.
One of the most effective ways to change these systemic issues — like requiring the removals of that box from job applications — is to implement better policy.
That’s why JPMorgan Chase launched the PolicyCenter.
The challenges:
Our country is currently being tested by unprecedented events.
As government, business and community leaders try to understand the best ways to move forward,
Businesses, like JPMorgan Chase, are pushing for a more equitable future.
Public policy can and will influence every facet of that future.
It can expand access to education for the people who need it most, and remove obstacles to employment.
And it can reform our criminal justice system, which disproportionately impacts people of color.
Black adults are nearly 6 times more likely to be incarcerated than white adults…
And that makes it all the more difficult for them to secure a job in their communities.
Remember that box?
Rethinking solutions:
In 2019, JPMorgan Chase’s PolicyCenter launched an effort to help clear pathways to careers for people with criminal backgrounds.
Like supporting policy that will ban that box on all job applications.
Or help people clear their eligible criminal records.
Or help those incarcerated access financial aid for education.
Doing this doesn’t just help individuals — it builds stronger communities and strengthens the economy for everyone.
Creating lasting change:
In 2019 alone, JPMorgan Chase hired 3,000 people with a criminal background.
We’re investing in community organizations across the country, connecting people with arrest or conviction histories to opportunities for jobs, education, training, or starting a small business.
And we’re not stopping there.
As the nation works to recover from COVID-19, JPMorgan Chase wants to make sure people who have long faced barriers to opportunity also benefit from the recovery.
The JPMorgan Chase PolicyCenter will keep working to make progress, pushing policy that matters.
Second Chance Agenda
Second Chance Agenda
The first focus area for the PolicyCenter is advocating for federal and state policy changes to remove barriers to employment for people with criminal backgrounds.
Learn more
: opens link
Advancing Opportunity
Business has a vital role to play in driving inclusive economic growth. This is why JPMorgan Chase has a long history of collaborating with government, civic and local leaders to drive public policies that advance the well-being and resiliency of our communities. The JPMorgan Chase PolicyCenter builds on our existing business and philanthropic investments and advances the Statement on the Purpose of a Corporation released by the Business Roundtable.
JPMorgan Chase’s long-term, significant investments in key pillars of opportunity, as well as the insights into the global economy and labor market create a significant body of knowledge and insights about how to address some of the most vexing social and economic challenges facing our communities in a fast-changing global economy. The PolicyCenter will leverage JPMorgan Chase’s convening power to create innovative partnerships and identify gaps in research and foster an actionable policy dialogue among key academic, nonprofit and business partners.
"Business has a responsibility to partner with policy, business and community leaders to create an economy that works for more people."
Jamie Dimon, Chairman and CEO, JPMorgan Chase & Co.
We're owning our part.
JPMorgan Chase is extending on our multi-billion dollar investments to address racial and economic inequality, particularly for the Black community.
Learn More
Policies to Help Drive an Inclusive Recovery
Learn More
Learn More about Policies to Support Household, Small Business, and Community Recovery and Advance Racial Equity
A Conversation with Heather Higginbottom
Learn More
Learn More with Heather Higginbottom
Second Chance Agenda
Learn More
Learn More about Second Change Agenda
Preparing Youth Around the World for the Future of Work
Learn More
Learn More about Preparing Youth Around the World for the Future of Work
Contact Us
Contact Us
For more information or questions about the JPMorgan Chase PolicyCenter, please contact us below.
Contact Us
You are now leaving JPMorgan Chase & Co.
JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s website terms, privacy and security policies don't apply to the site or app you're about to visit. Please review its website terms, privacy and security policies to see how they apply to you. JPMorgan Chase & Co. isn't responsible for (and doesn't provide) any products, services or content at this third-party site or app, except for products and services that explicitly carry the JPMorgan Chase & Co. name.
Cancel
Proceed