http://inclover.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | inClover Natural Pet Supplements
For Vets
For Retailers
Blog
0 Items
For Dogs
Joint
Canine Connectin
Jump
Digestive
Canine Fresh Digest
Canine Optagest
Skin & Coat
BioRadiant
Dental
Grin
BioBrilliant
Allergy
BioResiliant
Heart
BioVibrant
For Cats
Joint
Feline Connectin
Digestive
Feline Fresh Digest
Feline Optagest
Skin & Coat
Sleek
UT Support
Flow
Dental
Smile
BioBrilliant
Respiratory
Spry
Our Science
About Us
Safety & Quality
Responsibility
Contact Us
Careers
Find a Retailer
Select Page
Privacy Policy
InClover is committed to protecting your privacy. This Statement of Privacy applies to the InClover Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the InClover website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
InClover collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. InClover also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by InClover. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by InClover for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the InClover Web site.
InClover encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from InClover so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. InClover is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the InClover and InClover family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
InClover collects and uses your personal information to operate the InClover Web site and deliver the services you have requested. InClover also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from InClover. InClover may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
InClover does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
InClover does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
InClover keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within InClover.com, in order to determine what InClover services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within InClover to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
InClover Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on InClover or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of InClover; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of InClover, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The InClover Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize InClover pages, or register with InClover site or services, a cookie helps InClover to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same InClover Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the InClover features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the InClover services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
InClover secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. InClover secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
InClover will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. InClover encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how InClover is protecting your information.
Contact Information
InClover welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that InClover has not adhered to this Statement, please contact InClover at the address below. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
InClover,303 581 9619
Find a Retailer
For Vets
Wholesale Orders
Safety & Quality
FAQ
Equine Connectin
Contact Us
877-987-7387
3133 Indian Rd
Boulder, CO 80301
Facebook
Instagram
© InClover Research 2020
Privacy Policy