http://incpen.org/terms
Skip to content
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditionsincpen.administrator2018-10-11T10:27:41+01:00
These terms and conditions apply between you, the user of this website (including any subdomains unless explicitly covered by their own terms and conditions), and the Industry Council for Packaging and the Environment (INCPEN) who owns and operates this website. You must read these terms and conditions carefully as they affect your legal rights and responsibilities.
Your agreement to comply with and be bound by these terms and conditions is assumed to occur on your first use of the website. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms and conditions, you should stop using the website immediately.
Within these terms and conditions, “User” or “Users” means any third party that accesses the website and is not either:
employed by INCPEN and acting in the course of their employment, or
engaged as a consultant or otherwise providing services to INCPEN and accessing the website in connection with the provision of such services
You must be at least 18 years of age to use this website. By using the website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you are warranting you are at least 18 years of age.
These terms and conditions apply to both human users and automated scripted applications accessing the website (“robots” / “automatons”).
Intellectual Property and Acceptable Use
1. All content included on the website, unless uploaded by users, is the property of INCPEN, our affiliates, or other relevant third parties. In these terms and conditions, “content” means any text, graphics, images, audio, video, software, data compilations, page layouts, underlying code and software, and any other form of information capable of being stored in a computer that appears on or forms part of this website, including any such content uploaded by users. By continuing to use the website you acknowledge that such content is protected by copyright, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights. Nothing on this site shall be construed ad granting, by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark, logo, or service mark displayed on the site without the owner’s prior written permission.
2. You may, for your own personal, non-commercial use only, do the following:
a. Retrieve, display and view the content on a computer or mobile device screen
b. Print one (1) copy of the content
3.  You must not otherwise reproduce, modify, copy, distribute or use for commercial purposes any content without the written permission of INCPEN
Prohibited Use
4. You may not use the website for any of the following purposes:
a. In any way which causes, or may cause, damage to the website or interferes with any other person’s use or enjoyment of the website.
b. In any way which is harmful, unlawful, illegal, abusive, harassing, threatening or otherwise objectionable or in breach of any applicable law, regulation, governmental order.
c. Making, transmitting or storing electronic copies of content protected by copyright without the permission of the owner.
Links to other websites
5. This website may contain links to other sites. Unless explicitly stated, these sites are not under the control of INCPEN or that of our affiliates.
6. We assume no responsibility for the content of such websites and disclaim liability for any and all forms of loss or damage arising out of the use of them.
7. The inclusion of a link to another site on this website does not imply any endorsement of the sites themselves or of those in control of them.
Privacy Policy
8. Use of the website is also governed by our privacy policy, which is incorporated into thse terms and conditions by this reference. To view the privacy policy, please visit the following address in your web browser: incpen.org/privacy
Availability of the website and disclaimers
9. Any online facilities, tools, services or information that INCPEN makes available through the website (the “service”) is provided “as is” and on an “as available” basis. We give no warranty that the service will be free of defects and / or faults. To the maximum extent permitted by the law, we provide no warranties (express or limited) of fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy of information, compatibility and satisfactory quality. INCPEN is under no obligation to update information on the website.
10. While INCPEN use reasonable endeavours to ensure the website is secure and free of errors, viruses and other malware, we give no warranty or guarantee in that regard, and all users take responsibility for their own security – that of their personal details and their computers.
11. INCPEN accepts no liability for any disruption or non-availability of the website.
12. INCPEN reserves the right to alter, suspend or discontinue any part (or the whole of) the website including (but not limited to) any products and / or services available. These terms and conditions shall continue to apply to any modified version of the website unless it is expressly stated otherwise.
Limitation of libability
13. Nothing in these terms and conditions will limit or exclude our or your libability for death or personal injury resulting from our or your negligence, as applicable. Nothing in these terms and conditions will limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation. Nothing in these terms and conditions will limit or exclude any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law.
14. We will not be liable to you in respect of any losses arising out of events beyond our reasonable control.
15. To the maximum extent permitted by law, INCPEN accepts no liability for any of the following:
a. Any business losses, such as loss of profits, income, revenue, anticipated savings, business, contracts, goodwill or commercial opportunities
b. Loss or corruption of any data, database or software
c. Any special, indirect or consequential loss or damage
General
16. You may not transfer any of your rights under these terms and conditions to any other person. we may transfer our rights under these terms and conditions where we reasonably believe your rights will not be affected.
17. These terms and conditions may be varied by us from time to time. Such revised terms will apply t the website from the date of publication. Users should check the terms and conditions regularly to ensure familiarity with the then-current version.
18. These terms and conditions together with the Privacy Policy contain the whole agreement between the parties relating to its subject matter and supercede all prior discussions, arrangements or agreements which may have taken place in relation to the terms and conditions.
19. The Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 shall not apply to these terms and conditions and no third party will have any right to enforce or rely on any provision of these terms and conditions.
20. If any court or competent authority finds that any provision of these terms and conditions (or party of any provision) is invalid, illegal or unenforcable, that privision or part-provision will, to the extent required, be deemed to be deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of these terms and conditions will not be affected.
21. Unless otherwise agreed, no delay, act or omission by a party in exercising any right will be deemed a waiver of that (or any other) right.
22. This agreement shall be governed by and interpreted according to the law of England and Wals and all disputes arising under the agreement (including non-contractural disputes or claims) shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English and Welsh courts.
INCPEN Details
23. INCPEN is a private limited company by guarantee registered in England and Wales. Registered number: 2495927
24. Our Registered office is Office 7, 35-37 Ludgate Hill, London, EC4M 7N.
25. Our Contact email address is contact@incpen.org
Go to Top