http://incrediblemarketing.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Incredible Marketing Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
1. Terms
By accessing the website at https://www.incrediblemarketing.com, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Incredible Marketing’s website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Incredible Marketing’s website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Incredible Marketing at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Incredible Marketing’s website are provided on an ‘as is’ basis. Incredible Marketing makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, Incredible Marketing does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Incredible Marketing or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Incredible Marketing’s website, even if Incredible Marketing or a Incredible Marketing authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on Incredible Marketing website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Incredible Marketing does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. Incredible Marketing may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However Incredible Marketing does not make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Incredible Marketing has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Incredible Marketing of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.
7. Modifications
Incredible Marketing may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
8. Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of California and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is Incredible Marketing’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, https://www.incrediblemarketing.com.
We don’t ask for your personal information unless we truly need it. When we do, we’ll only collect what we need by fair and lawful means and, where appropriate, with your knowledge or consent. We’ll also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
When you engage in certain activities on this site, you may be asked to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, you may be required to provide personal information, such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and other personal identifying information.
When you submit personal information, you understand and agree that Incredible Marketing may transfer, store, and process your information in any of the countries in which Incredible Marketing maintains offices, including without limitation, the United States.
Incredible Marketing collects this information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select. Incredible Marketing also uses information that you provide as part of our effort to keep you informed about product upgrades, special offers, and other Incredible Marketing products and services. Incredible Marketing will never sell or share your information with other companies.
We don’t share your personal information with third-parties, except where required by law. We will only retain personal information for as long as necessary to provide you with a service.
We don’t store your personal information on our servers unless it’s required for providing a service to you. What we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information from loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
Incredible Marketing.com also uses 3rd party vendor re-marketing tracking cookies, including the Google Adwords tracking cookie. This means we will continue to show ads to you across the internet, specifically on the Google Content Network (GCN). As always we respect your privacy and are not collecting any identifiable information through the use of Google’s or any other 3rd party remarketing system.
The third-party vendors, including Google, whose services we use – will place cookies on web browsers in order to serve ads based on past visits to our website. Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website. This allows us to make special offers and continue to market our services to those who have shown interest in our service.
incrediblemarketing
Contact
About Us
Blog
Portfolio
US 800-949-0133
AU 03-9034-7400