http://indiafoodco.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – India Food co
Home
Send Us a Recipe
Food Business
Privacy Policy
Terms of service
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:
India Food co ("India Food co")
operates http://indiafoodco.com/ and may operate other websites. It
is India Food co policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, India Food co collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. India Food co purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how India Food co visitors use its website. From time to
time, India Food co may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
India Food co also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://indiafoodco.com/
blogs/sites. India Food co only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to India Food co websites choose to interact
with India Food co in ways that require India Food co to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that India Food co gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at http://indiafoodco.com/ to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with India Food co are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, India Food co collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
India Food co. India Food co does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
India Food co may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. India Food co may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, India Food co does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
India Food co discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on India Food co behalf or to provide services available
at India Food co websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using India Food co websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. India Food co will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, India Food co discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when India Food co believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of India Food co, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an India Food co website and have supplied your email address, India Food co
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with India Food co and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. India Food co takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. India Food co uses cookies to
help India Food co identify and track visitors, their usage of India Food co
website, and their website access preferences. India Food co visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using India Food co websites, with the drawback that certain features
of India Food co websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If India Food co, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that India Food co goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of India Food co may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by India Food co and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, India Food co may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in India Food co sole
discretion. India Food co encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a http://indiafoodco.com/ account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search for:
Follow UsRecent Posts
What is the Difference Between Light and Dark Roast Coffee?
31. Jul , 2017
A Beginners Guide to Indian Cuisine
31. Jul , 2017
New Age Business Ideas for a Kick Start
17. May , 2017
Subcription
Email :
*
Characters Left
By using this form you agree with the storage and handling of your data by this website
*
Popular From The Blog:
What is the Difference Between Light and Dark Roast Coffee?
July 31, 2017
A Beginners Guide to Indian Cuisine
July 31, 2017
New Age Business Ideas for a Kick Start
May 17, 2017
Archives
July 2017 (2)
May 2017 (1)
© 2020 India Food co. All rights reserved.
Theme by MOOZ Themes Powered by WordPress