https://inductotherm.com/privacy-policy/
×
Company Information
About Us
Our Commitments
Contact Us
Safety
Safety for the Foundry Industry
Safety for the Steel Industry
Training and Retraining
Applications
Products
Induction Power Supplies
VIP® Power Supply Units
VIP® Multi-Output™ Power Supply Units
VIP® Multi-Switch™ Power Supply Units
VIP-I® Power Supply Units
VIP-I® Plus™ Power Supply Units
Induction Melting Furnaces
Hybrid™ Furnaces
Heavy Steel Shell Furnaces
Steel Frame Furnaces
Small-Capacity Steel Shell Furnaces
Dura-Line® Furnaces
Lift-Swing Furnaces
Push-Out Furnaces
Mini-Melt® Furnaces
Rollover Furnaces
Acutrak® Melting Systems
Quick-Trak™ Systems
Horizontal Induction Tunnel Furnace Systems
Induction Holding Furnaces
Coreless Holding Furnaces
Channel Holding Furnaces
Automated Pouring Systems
Unheated Tundishes
Flexi-Pour™ Systems
TILT-POUR™ Furnaces
Pressure Pour Systems
MULTI-POUR™ Systems
Melt Shop Automation and Diagnostics
iSense™ Systems
Meltminder® 300™ Systems
Melt-Manager® Plus® Control Systems
Melt-Manager® Control Systems
ARMS® Systems
Cooling and Heat Recovery Systems
Closed-Circuit Industrial Coolers
Open Evaporative Cooling Systems
Adiabatic Cooling Systems
Dry Air Coolers
DACXtreme™ Cooling Systems
Heat Recovery Systems
Pump Modules
Material Handling Systems
Furnace Charging Systems
Drying and Preheating Systems
Induction Systems for Vacuum and Controlled Atmospheres
Vacuum Induction Melting Systems
Power Window Ladle Systems
High Resistance Load (HRL) Melting Systems
Graphite Heating Systems
Pots for Galvanizing
Temporary Holding Pots
Pre-Melting Pots
Coreless Coating Pots
Channel Coating Pots
Strip Heating Systems
Tin Reflow Systems
Weld Annealing Systems
Paint and Coating Drying Systems
Galvannealing Systems
Edge Heating Systems
Boost Heating Systems
Rail and Mill Roll Hardening Systems
Rail Hardening Systems
Mill Roll Hardening Systems
Slab, Bloom and Transfer Bar Heaters
Slab Heating and Reheating Systems
Bar, Bloom and Billet Heating Systems
Services
Aftermarket Parts and OEM Repairs
Service and Technical Support
Training and Retraining
Field and Customer Service Survey
Resources
What is Induction?
Webinars
Articles
Induction Technologies
Power and Energy Efficiencies
Foundry Automation
Frequently Asked Questions
TechLink Portal
COVID-19
Careers
Contact
Articles
Events
Webinars
Search for:
Skip to content
Inductotherm Corp. is committed to the safeguarding of your privacy. We recognize that when you choose to provide us information about yourself, you trust Inductotherm Corp. to protect that information. Please read further for details regarding Inductotherm Corp.’s Privacy Policy.
Information Inductotherm Corp. Collects About You and How it is Used
When you browse Inductotherm Corp.’s web site, you do so anonymously, unless you have previously registered with us. We do not automatically collect personal information, including your email address. However, we may log your IP address (the Internet address of your computer) to give us an idea of which part of our website you visit and how long you spend there. But we do not link your IP address to any personal information unless you have registered with us. Like many other commercial websites, the Inductotherm Corp. website may use standard internet technologies, such as “cookies” and other web tools, to collect information about how you use the site and assist with your navigation of the website.
Information Disclosed by Inductotherm Corp. to 3rd Parties
Inductotherm Corp. may store and disclose personal information as allowed or required by applicable law, including making disclosures that are necessary or advisable to conform to legal or regulatory requirements. Inductotherm Corp. does not sell personal information to anyone. We may share your information with our business partners for marketing purposes.
Inductotherm Corp. operates globally. Information we collect is made available to all Inductotherm Corp. Business Units worldwide. If you are located outside the United States, please note the information you give us is transferred and stored in the United States. You agree to this transfer.
Do Not Track (DNT) Signals
Inductotherm Corp. does not track its customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. However we do use Google analytics to monitor visitors to Inductotherm Corp.’s website as well as improve server performance. To learn more about Google Analytics privacy policy please visit: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html.
Governing Law
This policy is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. Should there be a conflict between the terms of this policy and the terms of any electronic or machine readable privacy policy, the terms of this written policy prevail.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Inductotherm Corp. may make changes to this policy from time to time. We recommend you re-visit this page on occasion to review any changes in our Privacy Policy.
Policy Effective Date
This document was last updated and effective 7/27/2016.
Question or Suggestions – How to Contact Inductotherm Corp.
If you have any questions or comments concerning this Privacy Policy, please email us at sales@inductotherm.com. You can send written correspondence to: Inductotherm Corp. Privacy Policy, 10 Indel Ave., P.O. Box 157 Rancocas, NJ 08073-0157.