https://inductothermhw.com/privacy-policy/
×
What is Induction?
Our Brands
Products
Banyard – The Banyard brand has specialised for over 50 years in ferrous and non-ferrous metal induction heating. The Banyard products provide low frequency heating technology for Steel, Titanium, Aluminium, Brass, Copper and their alloys for cast logs, sawn or sheared billets. Banyard is one of the oldest and most knowledgeable global equipment suppliers in the industry. We not only understand our products but we understand the process our customers want to build and the quality of product they want to produce. This in-depth resource allows us to fully advise our customers in a considered and informed manner.
Vertical Steel Induction Billet Heating
Aluminum Tube Annealers
Light Alloy Billet Heater
Zero Friction Aluminium Billet Heater
Brass Copper Alloy Billet Heater
Alpha
High Speed Flying Shears
iRoss
Fluxmanager® Tube & Pipe Heating Systems
Inductoforge® Induction Forging Equipment
Inductoforge™ Modular Bar Heating Systems
Inductoforge® Induction Billet Heating Systems for Forging
Radyne
Single & Multi-Wire Induction Heating Systems
Induction Bar End Heating System
Pipe Bending & Forming Systems
Power Supplies / Generators / Converters
Offshore & Field Joint Processing
Line Pipe Heating System
Thermatool
High Frequency Welders
Tube Heaters and Seam Annealers
Engineered Structural Sections
Quench and Temper
Sensors and Controls
HAZControl™ Technology HF Welders
High Power High Frequency Welders
Savage Saws
Plate Saw
Lab Saw
Guillotine Saw
Inductotherm
VIP® Power Supply Units
Services
Aftermarket Parts
Induction Coil Refurbishment
Services & Training
Company Info
Downloads
Events
News
Contact Us
Search for:
Skip to content
Inductotherm Heating and Welding Ltd Privacy Notice
Inductotherm Heating and Welding Ltd. is committed to safeguarding your privacy. When you provide information by which you can be identified using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
This privacy notice explains the basis on which any personal data we collect from you when you use this website, or that you provide to us, will be used, the control you have over your personal data and the procedures we have in place to protect it.  By continuing to use the Website and by submitting information to our Website you are accepting the practices described in this policy.
We may change this notice by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
This notice is effective from 20th June 2018 and it and our use of information are governed by the laws of England and Wales.
What we collect and what we don’t
Information you give us:
When you register with us you are asked to provide contact details such as:
Your name and job titlebusiness contact information including email address and telephone numberthe nature of the products or services in which you are interestedother information relevant to customer interests, surveys and/or offers
These details are collected when you fill in forms on our Website or when corresponding with us by email. It includes information you provide when completing a job application, when you register to attend an event, when you search or interact with our website and when you report a problem with our website.
You are not obliged to provide any personal data to us but, if you have requested information or a service from us, we will not be able to provide it without certain information, such as your contact details.
Information we collect:
When you browse this website, you do so.  During your use of our site, we may automatically collect certain information about your visit and the device that you have used to access it. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not personally identify any individual who has not registered with us. The information that we may collect includes:
the IP address of the device used to access the Website;Geographical location;the internet domain name through which you accessed the site (which may be, for example, the domain name of your internet service provider or your place of work);the length of your session on our site, details of the pages visited and resources accessed;web browser type and version, operating system and referring websites used;
We do not track customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.  We do, however, use Google Analytics to monitor visitors to our websites and improve our server performance.
How we use your information
We use the information we gather to respond to your contact requests, understand your needs and provide you with a better service, including for the following reasons:
To provide you with our website, and the content and services made available through it, including to ensure that the site and its content are presented in the most effective manner for you and your device.To process any requests from you made via email or our online formsTo contact you for customer satisfaction and impact surveysTo support products or services you have obtained from us.To improve our products and services in generalFor marketing and market research purposes if you have consented to such useTo personalise and improve your experience of this websiteIn connection with processing a job applicationTo deal with any queries, complaints or problems you report to usTo notify you about changes to our service
Our use of your information will always have a lawful basis which may be that: a) it is required for one or more of the legitimate interests of our business as described above; b) it is allowed or required by applicable law, including making disclosures that are necessary or advisable to comply with legal or regulatory requirements; or c) we have requested and been granted consent from you to process your personal data for the purpose.
We do not sell, distribute or lease personal information to anyone.  We do not market our products or services to private individuals. We may, however, share your business information with our business partners for marketing purposes.
How & where do we store your information?
We will only keep your information for as long as we need to in order to fulfil the relevant purpose(s) it was collected for and for as long as we are required to keep it by law.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. We maintain appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online and protect it from unauthorised access or disclosure.
Your personal data will not be transferred, or stored, outside of the European Economic Area (‘EEA‘) without your prior written consent.
How we use cookies
This site uses cookies.  A cookie is a small file that can help a website provide a better user experience.  In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. Once you agree, the file is placed on your computer’s hard drive and the cookie then helps analyse web traffic and allows web applications to respond to you as an individual.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website and tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
In general, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others.  The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser.  We suggest consulting the “Help” section of your browser or taking a look at the “About Cookies” website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, we do not have any control over those other websites and such sites are not governed by this privacy notice.  We cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information once you have used a link to leave our site or which you provide whilst visiting other websites. We recommend that you always exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You have rights in relation to how your personal information is used. These include your right:
To ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposesTo access personal data held about you and to obtain a copy of it, including to receive your personal data, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly-used and machine-readable format and the right to transmit that data to another data controller without hindrance, or to have that personal data transmitted to another data controller, where technically feasibleTo obtain without undue delay the rectification or completion of personal data which are inaccurate or incompleteTo restrict or object to the processing of your personal data and to request its erasure under certain circumstances
If you would like to obtain a written copy of your personal data or if you need to amend any of your personal details, please write to us at the address detailed at the end of this privacy notice.
To request your personal data you will be asked to verify your identity and specify what information you require and provide us with details of an address to which we should send the information.
If you would like to ask us not to send you further marketing communications at any time. You can do so by contacting us using the details at the end of this privacy notice.
Contact Us
We will be happy to answer any questions you may have regarding this Policy.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the address below. We will promptly correct any information found to be inaccurate.
Please contact us using the following details:
Data Protection Officer
Inductotherm Heating and Welding Ltd
Thermatool House
Crockford Lane
Basingstoke
Hampshire
RG24 8NA
England
Or email: dpcm@inductothermhw.co.uk
If you wish to know more about your personal data rights, then please visit the Information Commissioner’s website.