https://inductoheat.com/privacy-policy/
×
What is Induction Heating?
Company Information
Inductoheat Contacts
Contact Us
Request a Quote
Applications
Induction Heat Treating Technologies
Induction Forge Heating Technology
Induction Low-Frequency Heating
Induction Tube & Pipe Heating
Custom Induction Heating Systems
Products
Inductoforge® Induction Forging Equipment
Modular Bar Heating Systems
Modular Billet Heating Systems
Inductoheat
CrankPro® Stationary Induction Heat Treating For Crankshafts
CamPro™ Stationary Induction Camshaft Heat Treating
Bar-End Heating Systems
Copper Tube Annealing
Induction Heating Power Supplies
Inductoscan
Induction Scanning Systems
iRoss
Low Frequency Heating Systems
Fluxmanager® Tube & Pipe Heating Systems
Services
Induction Process Development Laboratory
Computer Simulation for Induction Heating
Service & Support
Induction Preventative Maintenance
Aftermarket Spare Parts
Induction Coil Repair
Induction Power Supply Technical Seminars
Resources
Quality Management
Events
News
Professor Induction
Inductoheat Contacts
Search for:
Skip to content
Inductoheat  is committed to the safeguarding of your privacy. We recognize that when you choose to provide us information about yourself, you trust Inductoheat to protect that information. Please read further for details of Inductoheat’s Privacy Policy.
Information Inductoheat Collects about You and How it is Used
When you browse the Induction’s web site, you do so anonymously, unless you have previously registered with us. We do not automatically collect personal information, including your email address. However, we may log your IP address (the Internet address of your computer) to give us an idea of which part of our website you visit and how long you spend there. But we do not link your IP address to any personal information unless you have registered with us. Like many other commercial websites, the Inductoheat website may use a standard internet technologies, such as “cookies” and other web tools, to collect information about how you use the site and assist with your navigation of the website.
Information Disclosed by  Inductoheat to 3rd Parties
Inductoheat may store and disclose personal information as allowed or required by applicable law, including making disclosures that are necessary or advisable to conform to legal or regulatory requirements. Inductoheat does not sell personal information to anyone. We may share your information with our business partners for marketing purposes.
Inductoheat operates globally. Information we collect is made available to all Inductoheat Business Units worldwide. If you are located outside the United States, please note the information you give us is transferred and stored in the United States. You agree to this transfer.
Do Not Track (DNT) signalsInductoheat does not track its customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. However we do use Google analytics to monitor visitors to Inductoheat website as well as improve server performance. To learn more about Google Analytics privacy policy please visit: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html.
Governing LawThis policy is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. Should there be a conflict between the term of this policy and the terms of any electronic or machine readable privacy policy, the terms of this written policy prevail.
Changes to this Privacy PolicyInductoheat may make changes to this policy from time to time. We recommend you re-visit this page on occasion to review any changes in our Privacy Policy.
Policy Effective DateThis document was last updated and effective September 1, 2016
Question or Suggestions – How to Contact InductoheatIf you have any questions or comments concerning this Privacy Policy, please email us at sales@inductoheat.com.  You can send written correspondence to:  32251 North Avis Drive Madison Heights, MI 48071.