https://info.arrowinternational.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices for Arrow International, Inc.
LEGAL NOTICES
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see below.
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Terms and Conditions of Use of this Site
This web site is provided by Arrow International, Inc. ("Arrow") and may be used for informational purposes only. By using the site or downloading materials from the site, you agree to abide by the terms and conditions set forth in this notice. If you do not agree to abide by these terms and conditions do not use the site or download materials from the site.
Limited License
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Arrow grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to access, use and display this site and the materials thereon. You agree not to interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of the site in any way. Arrow authorizes you to view and download the information ("Materials") at this Web site ("Site") only for your personal, non-commercial use. This authorization is not a transfer of title in the Materials and copies of the Materials and is subject to the following restrictions: 1) you must retain, on all copies of the Materials downloaded, all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the Materials; 2) you may not modify the Materials in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purpose; and 3) you must not transfer the Materials to any other person unless you give them notice of, and they agree to accept, the obligations arising under these terms and conditions of use. You agree to abide by all additional restrictions displayed on the Site as it may be updated from time to time. This Site, including all Materials, is copyrighted and protected by worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions. You agree to comply with all copyright laws worldwide in your use of this Site and to prevent any unauthorized copying of the Materials. Except as expressly provided herein, Arrow does not grant any express or implied right to you under any patents, trademarks, copyrights or trade secret information.
Disclaimer
THE MATERIALS MAY CONTAIN INACCURACIES AND TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. ARROW DOES NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE MATERIALS OR THE RELIABILITY OF ANY ADVICE, OPINION, STATEMENT OR OTHER INFORMATION DISPLAYED OR DISTRIBUTED THROUGH THE SITE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY RELIANCE ON ANY SUCH OPINION, ADVICE, STATEMENT, MEMORANDUM, OR INFORMATION SHALL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. ARROW RESERVES THE RIGHT, IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, TO CORRECT ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY PORTION OF THE SITE. ARROW MAY MAKE ANY OTHER CHANGES TO THE SITE, THE MATERIALS AND THE PRODUCTS, PROGRAMS, SERVICES OR PRICES (IF ANY) DESCRIBED IN THE SITE AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE.
THIS SITE AND THE INFORMATION AND MATERIALS ON THE SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Third Party Sites
As a convenience to you, Arrow may provide on this Site links to Web sites operated by other entities. If you use these sites, you will leave this Site. If you decide to visit any linked site, you do so at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take all protective measures to guard against viruses or other destructive elements. Arrow makes no warranty or representation regarding, and does not endorse, any linked Web sites or the information appearing thereon or any of the products or services described thereon. Links do not imply that Arrow or this Site sponsors, endorses, is affiliated or associated with, or is legally authorized to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol displayed in or accessible through the links, or that any linked site is authorized to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol of Arrow or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries (collectively, "Affiliates").
External Links to the Site
All links to the Site must be approved in writing by Arrow, except that Arrow consents to links in which: (i) the link is a text-only link containing only the name "Arrow International, Inc."; (ii) the link "points" only to www.arrowinternational.com and not to deeper pages; (iii) the link, when activated by a user, displays that page full- screen in a fully operable and navigable browser window and not within a "frame" on the linked website; and (iv) the appearance, position, and other aspects of the link may neither create the false appearance that an entity or its activities or products are associated with or sponsored by Arrow nor be such as to damage or dilute the goodwill associated with the name and trademarks of Arrow or its Affiliates. Arrow reserves the right to revoke this consent to link at any time in its sole discretion.
Information Provided By You
Any personally identifiable information you may provide to Arrow via this Site is protected by Arrow's Privacy Policy associated with this Site. Arrow does not want you to, and you should not, send any confidential or proprietary information to ARROW via the Site. Any ideas or materials you wish to provide to Arrow should be done via the "Share Your Ideas" page on this Site, and must be provided pursuant to the Terms and Conditions listed on that page.
Limitation of Damages
IN NO EVENT SHALL ARROW OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE TO ANY ENTITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF INFORMATION OR PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA ON YOUR INFORMATION HANDLING SYSTEM) THAT ARE RELATED TO THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE CONTENT, MATERIALS, AND FUNCTIONS OF THE SITE OR ANY LINKED WEBSITE, EVEN IF ARROW IS EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Changes
Arrow reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of this Agreement in whole or in part, at any time. Changes in this Agreement will be effective when notice of such change is posted. Your continued use of the Site after any changes to this Agreement are posted will be considered acceptance of those changes.
Arrow may terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Site, including the availability of any features of the Site, at any time. Arrow may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Site without notice or liability. Arrow may terminate the authorization, rights and license given above and, upon such termination, you shall immediately destroy all Materials.
International Users and Choice of Law
This Site is controlled, operated and administered by Arrow from its offices within the United States of America. Arrow makes no representation that materials at this site are appropriate or available for use at other locations outside of the United States and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. You may not use the Site or export the Materials in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations. If you access this Site from a location outside of the United States, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws. These Terms and Conditions of use shall be governed by the laws of the State of Ohio, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Arrow and you with respect to your use of the Site. Any cause of action you may have with respect to your use of the Site must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of the Agreement or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to affect the intent of the Agreement, and the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
PRIVACY POLICY
Arrow International, Inc. is committed to protecting any personal information that you may provide to us. In particular, we believe it is important for you to know how we treat information about you that we may receive from this Web site.
Information Collected
In general, you can visit this Web site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers collect the domain names, not the e-mail addresses, of visitors. Our web servers also seek (as many Web sites do) to place a "cookie" (a small data file) on your computer's hard drive which allows the server to determine the computer when it visits again, in order to track statistical information about navigation to and throughout certain areas of our site. This cookie is not used to obtain your name or any personal data, and the information that is tracked is used only for internal purposes, such as to improve site navigation and to measure the effectiveness of our promotional placements, and is not shared with anyone other than Arrow affiliates and contractors who assist Arrow in these efforts and are bound to confidentiality. However, if you prefer not to accept cookies, you can set your browser to reject them or to alert you before one is placed.
In addition, there are portions of this Web site where we may need to collect personal information from you for a specific purpose, such as to provide you with certain information you request. The information collected from you may include your name, address, telephone, fax number, or e-mail address.
This Web site is not intended for persons under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from or about children, and we do not knowingly market our products or services to children.
Use of Collected Information
Domain name information that we collect is not used to personally identify you and instead is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc. We use this information to measure the use of our site and to improve the content of our site.
When other information is collected from you, such as your name and e-mail address, we generally let you know at the time of collection how we will use the personal information. Usually, we use the personal information you provide only to respond to your inquiry or to process your request (such as to receive electronic annual reports or to be added to our supplier diversity database).
We may share the personal information you provide with other companies we have hired to provide services for us. These companies - our vendors - are contractually bound to use personal information we share with them only to perform the services we have hired them to provide. We do not share, sell, or lease personal information about you to any third parties for their marketing use. We will release information about you if you direct us to do so, if we are required by law to do so, or in other legally limited circumstances (for example, to protect your account from fraud).
Links to Other Sites
Arrow's Web site may contain links to other sites. While we try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices employed by other sites.
Security of Collected Information
We maintain strict physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to protect your personal information from unauthorized or inappropriate access. We restrict access to information about you to those Arrow workers who need to know the information to respond to your inquiry or request. Workers who misuse personal information are subject to disciplinary action.
Access to Collected Information
You may review and update the information that you provide to us through this Web site by contacting us as described below.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please use the "Contact Us" page. We welcome your questions and suggestions about our privacy policy.
Changes to this Policy
Please check this privacy policy periodically to inform yourself of any changes.