http://info.payerconnection.com/index.php/privacy-statement/
Payer Connection
Online Medical Claims Clearinghouse
Solutions
pcConnect™
For Providers
For Payers
For Vendors
About Us
Contact Us
News
Privacy Statement
Payer Connection Privacy Statement
This document was last updated June 26, 2014.
Payer Connection is committed to protecting your privacy. You can visit most pages on our site without giving us any information about yourself. But sometimes we do need information to provide services that you request, and this privacy statement explains data collection and use in those situations. This privacy statement only applies to PayerConnection.com; it does not apply to other online or offline Payer Connection sites, products or services. Please read the complete Payer Connection privacy statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is requested when you are registering before entering a contest, ordering e-mail newsletters, joining a limited-access premium site, signing up for an event or training, or when purchasing and/or registering Payer Connection products. Personal information collected by PayerConnection.com often is limited to e-mail address, language, country or location, but may include other information when needed to provide a service you requested.
PayerConnection.com also collects certain information about your computer hardware and software. This information may include: your IP address, browser type, operating system, domain name, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of PayerConnection.com.
PayerConnection.com also collects information about which pages our customers visit within PayerConnection.com. This site visitation data is identified only by a unique ID number, and it is never linked with personal information unless a user consents as described below.
Use of your Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purposes:
To ensure our site is relevant to your needs.
To deliver services, such as newsletters, events, training or software, that you request or purchase.
To help us create and publish content most relevant to you.
To alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new services from Payer Connection , if you so request.
To allow you access to limited-entry areas of our site as appropriate.
We will merge site-visitation data with anonymous demographic information for research purposes, and we may use this information in aggregate to provide more relevant content. In some limited-entry sections of PayerConnection.com, with your approval, we will combine site-visitation data with your personal information in order to provide you with personalized content. If you decline permission, we will not provide you the personalized service and won’t merge your personal information with site-visitation data.
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including packaging, mailing and delivering purchases, answering customer questions about products or services, sending postal mail and processing event registration. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
Payer Connection may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Payer Connection or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Payer Connection and its family of Web sites, or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Payer Connection employees, users of Payer Connection products or services, or members of the public.
Control of your Personal Information
When you register, or otherwise give us personal information, PayerConnection.com will not share that information with third parties without your permission, other than for the limited exceptions already listed. It will only be used for the purposes stated above.
Registering also allows you to tell us how or whether you want PayerConnection.com to communicate with you. After registering, go to the Profile Center and establish your preferences in the Contact Options sections. There, you can decide what information you want to receive and how you want to receive it. Or you can tell us not to contact you by removing check marks from the contact option boxes.
PayerConnection.com may send out periodic e-mails informing you of technical service or security issues related to a product or service you requested, or confirming you requested a product or service. You will not be able to choose to unsubscribe to these mailings, as they are considered an essential part of the service you have chosen.
Access to your Personal Information
We will provide you with the means to ensure that your personal information is correct and current.
If you register on PayerConnection.com or subscribe to a newsletter, you can review and edit your personal information at the Profile Center . You will be asked to enter your User Name and password before viewing your personal information.
At the Profile Center you can:
View and edit personal information you have already given us at PayerConnection.com.
Tell us whether you want PayerConnection.com to send you marketing information.
Choose whether you want third parties to send you their offers by postal mail.
Subscribe, or cancel subscriptions, to newsletters about our services and products.
Some services offered on PayerConnection.com may collect information that is not accessible via the Profile Center . However, in such cases, you can access your personal information by contacting PayerConnection.com as described at the bottom of this statement, or through alternative means of access described by the service.
Security of your Personal Information
PayerConnection.com is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide in computer servers with limited access that are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit sensitive information (such as patient data) over the internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Protection of Children’s Personal Information
PayerConnection.com is a general audience site and does not knowingly collect any personal information from children.
Use of Cookies
When someone visits the site, a cookie is placed on the customer’s machine (if the customer accepts cookies) or is read if the customer has visited the site previously. One use of cookies is to assist in the collection of the site visitation statistics described above.
We also use cookies to collect information on which newsletter links are clicked by customers. This information is used to ensure we are sending information customers want to read. It is collected in aggregate form and never linked with your personal information.
Web beacons, also known as clear gif technology, or action tags, may be used to assist in delivering the cookie on our site. This technology tells us how many visitors clicked on key elements (such as links or graphics) on a PayerConnection.com Web page. We do not use this technology to access your personally identifiable information on PayerConnection.com; it is a tool we use to compile aggregated statistics about PayerConnection.com Web site usage. We may share aggregated site statistics with partner companies but do not allow other companies to place clear gifs on our sites.
If you choose to not have your browser accept cookies from the PayerConnection.com Web site, you will be able to view the text on the screens, however you will not experience a personalized visit nor will you be able to subscribe to the service offerings on the site.
Questions about cookies? Read More.
Enforcement of this Privacy Statement
If you have questions regarding this statement, you should first contact PayerConnection.com by e-mail.
Changes to this Statement
PayerConnection.com will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the “last updated” date at the top of the privacy statement. For material changes to this statement, PayerConnection.com will notify you by placing prominent notice on the Web site.
Contact Information
Payer Connection welcomes your comments regarding this privacy statement, please contact us by e-mail, or postal mail.
Payer Connection, LLC
© 2013 Payer Connection, LLC | Privacy Statement
Website by Pan-Asian Ventures