https://info.amconservationgroup.com/privacy-policy?hsLang=en
Privacy Policy
This website is operated by AM Conservation Group, and this privacy policy applies to this website and the information we may collect on this website as well as email, text and other electronic messages associated with AM Conservation Group.
We respect our clients and understand that you are concerned about privacy, so we’ve instituted policies intended to ensure that your personal information is handled safely and responsibly. We also have posted this privacy policy to let you know what kind of information we collect, how it is handled, with whom it may be shared, what choices you have regarding our use of your information, and how you may access some of the data you provide to us.
As we continue to develop our website and take advantage of technologies to improve the services we offer, this may change. We therefore encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current privacy policy.
If you have any questions about this policy, you can contact us in a number of ways:
by using the Contact Us form
by postal mail at AM Conservation Group, 1701 Charleston Regional Parkway, Suite A, Charleston, SC 29492 USA.
by calling our office at (888) 513-3005
by sending an email to customercare@amconservationgroup.com
What Information Do We Collect?
When you sign up to receive our newsletters, we collect your email address.
When you submit a question to customer service, we need your email address to respond, and you also may provide us with various additional information to help us answer your question.
When you respond to customer surveys we send out from time to time, we collect your name, feedback, company name and email address.
When you provide a testimonial, we collect your feedback, name, company name and email address.
When you download content from our website such as whitepapers, case studies and ebooks, we collect your name email address, company name and additional information you may choose to provide.
We also may receive some information about you from other sources and may add it to your account information. For example, we might get your updated address from a shipper or information on your preferences from another website conducting a promotion or event with us.
We may acquire customer lists from other parties so that we may invite new people to visit amconservationgroup.com. Our policy is to acquire only lists of people who have indicated that they are willing to receive email offers. Also, each time we send an email offer, we provide people with the opportunity to opt out of receiving future email offers.
What Are Cookies and Do We Use Them?
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a website that is saved on your hard disk by your computer’s browser. It holds information a site may need to interact with you and personalize your experience.
Information collected automatically may include usage details and IP addresses.
Our website uses cookies. If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an e-mail to customercare@amconservationgroup.com with “Remove personal information” in the subject line.
How Do We Use Your Information?
We may use your information in a number of ways, including the following:
To improve the content on our website. For example, we may use cookies to find out which parts of our site are visited most often.
To enhance your online experience while visiting amconservationgroup.com. For example, we may use it to recognize you and welcome you to the site.
For marketing and promotional purposes. For example, we send out email to our clients about programs that we think may be of interest to them.
Do We Share Your Information?
We share the information with our subsidiaries, affiliates, third parties, including responsible companies with which we have a relationship.
In most situations, these companies will receive your information because you will be visiting their websites or using their links and, in doing so, you may provide information directly to them. You therefore should refer to their privacy policies to understand how they handle your information and what kinds of choices you have.
AMconservationgroup.com may also share your personal information with outside companies that perform services for us. For example, we may retain an outside company to manage a database containing certain customer information or to create and distribute an email offering. In those situations, the outside party is performing work for our company, and we take appropriate steps designed to ensure your information is used only to provide the services requested by us, and not for other purposes.
Additionally, we may share account or other information when we believe it is necessary to comply with law or to protect our interests or property. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, credit bureaus, agents or government agencies in connection with issues related to fraud, credit or debt collection.
And in the event that some or all of the business assets of AM Conservation Group are sold or transferred, we generally would transfer the corresponding information about our customers.
Finally, we also may provide you with the opportunity to sign up on our website to receive email offers.
What Choices Do You Have Regarding the Use of Your Information?
We provide you with a number of choices regarding our handling of your personal information.
If you do not want to receive emails from our company and/or do not want us to share your information with unrelated third parties for marketing purposes, please submit a request electronically by doing the following:
To change your privacy options via email:
Send an email to customercareamconservationgroup.com using the subject line state: “Please do not send me email” or “Keep my email address private.”
Or, to opt-out of email, you can click on the unsubscribe link and hit send at the bottom of any amconservationgroup.com email communication.
Note: Once you have submitted your request you should assume that it has been successfully received and your request is being processed. Please allow us 10 business days from when the request was received to complete the removal, as some of our promotions may already have been in process before you submitted your request.
If you prefer, you may contact AM Conservation Group by phone at (888) 513-3005 or by mail atAM Conservation Group, 1701 Charleston Regional Parkway, Suite A, Charleston, SC 29492 USA to notify us of your request. Again, please allow us 10 business days from when the request was received to process your removal.
Because customer lists are often prepared well in advance of an offering (sometimes 3-4 months before the offer is made), you may continue to receive some offers after you send us a request not to use your information for specified marketing purposes. We appreciate your patience and understanding in giving us time to carry out your request.
You may also use the address and phone number above to request that we not disclose your personal information to unrelated third parties for marketing purposes. If you choose to write to us, please include your name and address, state “NO THIRD PARTY SHARING” in your request.
Can I Access My Information?
If you would like to email our Customer Service Department, please visit our Contact Us page and email us your questions or concerns.
Is My Information Secure?
AM Conservation Group is committed to doing its best to maintain the security of information collected on our site. To try to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place the appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Private account and customer information is located on a secured server behind a firewall; it is not directly connected to the internet.
Encryption is a process by which a message or information is scrambled while it is in transit to amconservationgroup.com. It is based on a key that has two different parts, public and private. The public part of the key is distributed to those with whom you want to communicate. The private part is for the recipient’s use only. So long as you use a browser that allows for encryption, when you send personal information to us, you use a public key to encrypt your personal information. If your information is intercepted during the transmission, it is scrambled and very difficult to decrypt. Once we receive your encrypted personal information, we use the private part of our key to decode it.
Thank you for visiting amconservationgroup.com. If you have any questions or comments about this policy, please go to the Contact Us page and send us an email with your concerns or questions.
Energy Efficiency Myths, Busted!
Download Now - FREE
Enhance Water Conservation in Your Community with Our Education Packet
Download Now - FREE
Energy Efficiency Myths, Busted!
Download Now - FREE
View our Resource Libraries:
Energy Efficiency Resources
Learn the ways to save & conserve energy.
View Library
Water Conservation Resources
Learn ways to save and conserve water.
View Library
Enhance Water Conservation in Your Community with Our Education Packet
Download Now - FREE
View our Resource Libraries:
Energy Efficiency Resources
Learn the ways to save & conserve energy.
View Library
Water Conservation Resources
Learn ways to save and conserve water.
View Library