https://ingredientsolutionsltd.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Ingredients Solutions Limited’s Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
Ingredient Solutions Limited (hereinafter referred to as “us” “we” or “our”) is committed to respecting your privacy and to complying with all applicable data protection and privacy laws. The objective of this policy is to inform you how we handle your personal data.
Type of information we may collect
This policy applies to all personal data in our possession.   Personal data means data relating to a living individual who is or can be identified either from the data or from the data in conjunction with other information that is in, or is likely to come into the possession of the data controller.   It specifically includes in the case of customers who are living individuals information (including name, address, fixed line number, mobile number, email address and all other contact details). In the case of customers who are not individuals it may include contact names of officers and employees of a customer.  It includes all personal data gathered for or on our behalf whether in writing, verbally or electronically or through any website operated by or on our behalf including [www.ingredientsolutionsltd.com together with any and all future websites that are operated by or on our behalf.
Sensitive personal data is any personal data as to:-
(a)           the record or ethnic origin, the political opinions or the religious or philosophical beliefs of the data subject,
(b)           whether the data subject is a member of a trade union,
(c)           the physical or mental health or condition or sexual life of the data subject ,
(d)          the commission or alleged commission of any offence by the data subject, or
(e)           any proceedings for an offence committed or alleged to have been committed by the data subject , the disposal of such proceedings or the sentence of any court in such proceedings.
We do not collect sensitive personal data.
Consent
By submitted personal data to us and/or accessing or using our website(s), you agree that we may collect, use and disclose personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and/or such terms and conditions as permitted or required by law and you consent to the data collection and use practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Consent to share and disclose information including international data transfers. You also consent to transfer of data to other jurisdictions described at paragraphs 9 and 20 of this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the protection of your information, please contact our Privacy Officer at info@ingredientsolutionsltd.com.
Acquisition
1. All personal data will be obtained fairly. We will make you aware of all purposes that we intend to use your personal data for at the time of collection or will be advised to you prior to use.
2. Personal data will be accurate and complete and, where necessary, kept up to date.
3. Personal data will be adequate, relevant and not excessive in relation to the purposes for which it was obtained.
4. All acquisition methods (e.g. customer application forms, competition entries) will have a clear information piece explaining any intended purposes including secondary uses that may not be obvious to you (e.g. if competition entries are intended to be used for marketing purposes this will be clearly advised to you and an appropriate opt out box will be provided).
Use and Disclosure of Information
5. Personal data will be kept only for clear and legal purposes.
6. All personal data will be processed fairly and in keeping with the purposes for which it was obtained.
7. Personal data will not be used, disclosed or processed in any manner incompatible with the purposes for which it was obtained.
8. Disclosure of personal data will only be made to third parties who are our agents or servants acting on our directions. Save as required by law (e.g. criminal investigations) no disclosure of personal data will be made to third parties for those third parties’ own purposes or use.
9. Under no circumstances will lists of customer data/information (i.e. mailing lists or database information) be disclosed to a third party for that third party’s exploitation or use without your express permission. Personal data may be legitimately given to our servants or agents for legitimate purposes as described above. This may include the transfer of data to other jurisdictions for processing.  You consent to any such transfer.  In these circumstances we will endeavour to ensure that adequate contractual and technical safeguards are in place to protect your personal data.
10. If personal data has been obtained for a purpose without advising you of other compatible secondary purposes for which it is subsequently to be used, the personal data will not be so used without advising you.
Retention
12. Personal data will be kept for no longer than is necessary for the primary purpose for which it was obtained.
13. Personal data will be retained for any period required by law.
14. Some personal data that is not otherwise subject to retention for normal reasons may need to be retained because of circumstances such as litigation or government investigation.
Children and Data
15.  We do not knowingly allow anyone under the age of 18 to provide us any personal data.
Your Rights
You have the right to request that we:
inform you whether we process your data, provide you with details relating to our processing, and with a copy of your data
rectify any inaccurate data we might have about you without undue delay
complete any incomplete information about you
erase your personal data without undue delay
are restricted from processing your data
furnish you with the personal data which you provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format
Where we process your data solely on the basis of your consent, you are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of our processing before the withdrawal.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commissioner at any time.
The exercise of your rights might be subject to certain conditions prescribed by law and we might require further information from you before we can respond to your request.
You may exercise your rights by contacting us.
Cookies
16. What are cookies and how do we use them?
Cookies are tiny text files that are stored on your computer, tablet or mobile phone when you visit a website in order to help the website work efficiently, to help us analyse the way our website works and how we can improve it, and to ensure that the website functions to the optimum. We make some use of cookies such as Google Analytics for the purposes of identifying visitors interest in our site and the location of those visitors.  No personal data is specifically identified or retained by us as a result of the use of cookies.
17.  How to control cookies in your browser?
Depending on the type of browser you are using (e.g. Microsoft Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Safari etc.), you may be able to configure your browser so that: (i) you are prompted to accept or reject cookies on an individual basis or (ii) to prevent your browser from accepting any cookies at all. You should refer to the supplier or manufacturer of the web browser for specific details about cookie security. For more details on cookies and how to control them, visit www.aboutcookies.org (please note this link opens a new window or browser tab).
Access to your Information
18. You are entitled to copies of your personal data kept by us. Requests should be in writing and should be addressed to Data Protection Officer, Ingredient Solutions Limited Boherbue, Mallow, Co. Cork. Please quote your name, address and/or account number. We will take all reasonable steps to confirm your identity before issuing any copy personal data.
Control and Update information about YouWe endeavour to ensure that we only keep the most accurate and up to date personal data in our records.  Therefore , whenever you believe that your personal data needs to be updated, you can email us at info@ingredientsolutionsltd.com to update your contact information.  You may choose at any time to remove your name, telephone numbers, and postal and email addresses from the list  we use to send notices or updates and elect not to receive correspondence from us by sending us an email at info@ingredientsolutionsltd.com.  To protect your privacy, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making changes.
Information Security
19.  We endeavour to review and enhance our technical, physical and managerial procedures and rules to protect your personal data from unauthorised access, accidental loss and/or destruction.
20. It may be necessary to transfer your personal information to other group companies or service providers located in countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)*. This may happen where our servers or suppliers and service providers are based outside of the EEA or where you use our services and products while visiting countries outside of the EEA. You consent to any such transfer.  The data protection and other laws of these countries may not be as comprehensive as those in Ireland or the EU – in these instances we will take steps to ensure that your privacy rights are respected.
Consent to electronic notice if there is a security breach
21.  If we are required to provide notice of unauthorised access of certain security systems, you agree that we may do so when required or voluntarily by posting notice on our website or sending notice to any email address we have for you in our good faith discretion.  You agree that notice to you will count as notice to any other individual for whom you are acting and agree to provide the notice to any such individual.
Opt-out of Email and Mobile Updates
22. You may have the opportunity to elect to receive email and mobile communications from you.  We will only email you or send mobile alerts if you elect to receive them. If you elect to receive email and mobile communications, we will send you occasional updates and/or special offers or promotions.  If at any time you decide you would rather not receive these types of communications, you can opt out by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of an email or following any other relevant instructions.
Links to Third Party Websites
23. Please note that our website (s) may contain links to other websites for your convenience and information. We do not control those sites or their privacy practices which may differ from ours.  Our Privacy Policy cannot and does not apply to external websites.  We do not endorse or make any representation about third party websites.  The personal data you choose to give to unrelated third party is not covered by our Privacy Policy.  We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy of any company or website before submitting your personal data.
Contact Information
24. If you have any query about our data protection policy or practices, please write to: Data Protection Officer, Ingredient Solutions Limited, Boherbue, Mallow, Co. Cork or send an email to info@ingredientsolutionsltd.com                                                  ].
General
25. This policy should be read in conjunction with the general terms and conditions of this website from time to time
26. We reserve the right to amend or modify this Data Protection Policy at any time in response to changes in applicable data protection and privacy legislation.
*The European Economic Area (EEA) currently comprises the Member states of the European Union plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein
Grated Cheese
Block Cheese
Diced Cheese
Crumbed Cheese
Cheese Shavings
Bespoke Blends
Speciality Cheeses
Yellow Road Product Range
Other Dairy Commodities
Contract Packaging
Keep up to date with the dairy industry
Sign up now to receive insider market updates from our team.
Email:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Tel: +353 29 76981 Fax: +353 29 76984
© Ingredient Solutions Ltd 2020 | All rights reserved
This website uses Cookies
This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie PolicyAgree
Have you Entered our Competition?
Win a luxury hamper
Submit a Cheese Quiz Question to Win
Enter Now