http://inkmonster.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - Ink Monster
Skip to content
Sign up for News & Updates
Series
Authors
About Us
Blog
Work With Us
Contact
Ink Monster
Blog
Work With Us
Contact
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form or subscribe to social media such as Twitter and Facebook. When registering on our site, you may be asked to enter your name, mailing address and/or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you periodic company news, updates, and information about related products or services, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from our mailing list, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below:
This policy was last modified on April 14, 2017
Contacting Us
For questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below:
Ink Monster LLC
4470 W Sunset Blvd, Suite 145
Los Angeles CA 90027
info@inkmonster.net
www.inkmonster.net
Post a Comment Cancel reply
Notify me of new posts by email.
Don't miss out on our fun news, articles and updates. Sign up today!
Keep in Touch
Subscribe
Privacy policy
|
Affiliate Disclosure
Copyright © 2018 Ink Monster
|
Designed by Darling