http://inlandcraft.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Shop
AllApronsBand sawsDiamond discsDopping suppliesGift cardsGlass cuttingGrinder bitsGrindersLamp attachmentsOils and lubricantsParts
Band saw parts
SwapTop parts
Wiz, Wizling and Wizard parts
Miscellaneous parts
PolishingSaw bladesSintered carving bursSintered lapsSintered wheelsSolderingSwapTopWire drills
Videos
DB-100 band sawStained glassSwapTopWiz family grinders
Contact
Account
Cart
Spend $100 more and get free shipping!
Your cart is empty
FREE SHIPPING for U.S. orders over $100 to the lower 48 U.S. states!
Last updated on Oct. 31, 2019
At Inland Craft, your privacy is very important to us. We respect the trust you place in us and the privacy of the information you share. We want you to know that the information you share with us allows us to provide you with the best online shopping experience. Your personal information is never sold, rented or loaned.
When you submit your personal information to us, you are giving us your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. We are available to discuss any questions you have regarding our Privacy Policy and privacy practices. Please contact us.
We encourage you to check the date of our Privacy Policy each time you visit the website, as we sometimes need to change the Privacy Policy to stay in compliance with the various regulations that govern privacy practices.
Personal information we collect and why we collect it
Browsing our website
You can browse our website without providing any personal information about yourself however, non-personal information is collected. This non-personal information includes: IP address of your computer, geographic location, browser type, device you are using, and recently viewed products. This allows us to deliver a positive user experience when shopping on our site as well as to detect and prevent fraud.  Note that this non-personal information is not linked to any personal information you submit on our site. Non-personal information is collected by Google Analytics.
Placing an online order
When you place an online order with us, we collect the following personal information: full name, billing and shipping addresses, phone number, email address, and credit/debit card and/or other payment details. This personal information is used to process your order, ship your order, collect payment, and to send you information about your order.
Creating an online account
When you create an online account with us, we collect and store the following personal information: full name, billing and shipping addresses, phone number, email address, credit/debit card and/or other payment details, and all online orders you place with us. You will also be required to provide a username and password. This personal information is collected and stored so you can access your online account, ease the checkout process for future orders, and to send you marketing offers through email. We keep this data indefinitely until you cancel your online account with us.
IP address for searches
All searches performed using the internal website search tool are logged in the database, including the following information: the search query, the number of hits found, user ID for users who are logged in, date and time, and the IP address. The IP address is stored for security and auditing purposes.
Use of cookies
We use session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies are erased at the end of your session. Persistent cookies remain on your hard drive until they are expired or erased. Information collected through cookies helps us recognize you, customize your website experience, store items in your cart between visits, and make our marketing messages more relevant to you. Examples of this information include: pages you visit, ads you click on, type of browser/device/hardware, purchase information, IP based geographic location, and search terms. These technologies also enable us to prevent fraud or other harmful activities.
You are free to decline the use of cookies, however, by declining the use of cookies, you may not be able to use certain features on this website.
Embedded content from other sites
Articles on this website may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Who we share your data with
We share your personal information in limited circumstances, such as to conduct our business or when legally required. Your personal information is never sold, rented or loaned.
Service providers
We share personal information about you with service providers that help with our business activities. This includes shipping vendors, order processing vendors, billing and refund vendors, and payment card processors. We require our service providers to keep your personal information secure. We do not allow our service providers to use or share your personal information for any purpose other than providing services on our behalf. Your personal information may be stored and processed by our service providers in the United States or other locations where the service providers maintain facilities. Please review the following list of service providers we use:
Shopify – eCommerce store. Review Shopify’s privacy policy
UPS – Shipping carrier. Review UPS’s privacy policy
USPS – Shipping carrier. Review USPS’s privacy policy
ShipStation – Shipping software. Review ShipStation’s privacy policy
Intuit QuickBooks – Accounting software. Review QuickBook’s privacy policy
Intuit QuickBooks Merchant Service Center – Credit card processor. Review QuickBooks’s privacy policy
Omnisend - Email marketing. Review Omnisend's privacy policy
PayPal – Online payment service. Review PayPal’s privacy policy
Webgility – Automates data into Intuit QuickBooks. Review Webgility’s privacy policy
Legal requirements and protection of our company and others
We may share your personal information in situations when sharing is required by law, or we believe sharing will help to protect the safety and rights of Inland Craft. Examples include identifying and addressing fraud, responding to a search warrant, or responding to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or violation of law.
What third parties we receive your data from
We allow third-party companies to collect certain information when you visit our websites or interact with our digital marketing efforts. These companies use non-personal information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, hardware/software information, cookie and session ID) and personal information (e.g., static IP address) during your visits to this website and other websites in order to provide advertisements about products likely to be of greater interest to you or advertising-related services, such as ad delivery, reporting, attribution, analytics, and market research. These parties typically use a cookie or other similar tracking technologies to collect this information. Please review the following list of third parties we receive your data from:
Google Analytics – Website analytics service. Review Google Analytic’s privacy policy
Google AdWords – Online advertising service. Review Google AdWords’ privacy policy
How long we retain your data
We keep all personal and non-personal data indefinitely unless you cancel your online account with us or if you request that we erase any personal information we hold about you.
How we protect your data
We recognize the importance of maintaining the security of your personal information. We use reasonable security measures to protect your personal information. Below are some examples of the security measures we use:
Passwords are required to access your online account and help to protect your account information.  Please keep this password confidential.
Encryption technology, called Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), helps to protect personal information in certain areas of our websites during transport across the internet. The presence of SSL encryption may be indicated by https in the browser URL or the image of a closed lock or solid key in the browser window. These indications may not be present in mobile services that use SSL.
For payment card information, we use secured networks, encryption, and other protection of cardholder data to protect your information.
What data breach prevention procedures we have in place
We follow the below procedures routinely to ensure that our website is as secure as possible:
We deactivate and remove unneeded apps or themes
We make regular, secure backups of our website data, especially e-commerce data
We require strong, unique passwords for all online accounts
We make sure each employee has a separate login
What rights you have over your data and opting-out
If you have an online account with us on this website, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any additional data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal information we hold about you at any time. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Email
If you do not wish to receive promotional emails from us, you have the ability to unsubscribe from promotional emails via the unsubscribe link included in each promotional email.
Website analytics services
Analytics services, such as Google Analytics, provides services for us that analyze information regarding visits to our websites. They use cookies and other tracking mechanisms to collect this information. You can access and use the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on here.