https://inlandrv.com/privacy-policy/
Terms and Conditions - Inland RV
Search
Terms and Conditions
Menu
MENUMENUHOMEQUOTE NEW AIRSTREAM AXLESAIRSTREAM PARTS
ON SALE!Airstream Torsion AxlesBrakes - Hub/Drum
BrakesHub and Drums
Wheels - Tires
5 Lug Wheels6 Lug WheelsHub CapsTires
Zip Dee Awning - PartsWindows - Window Hardware
1966-1968 Airstream Windows1969-1974 Airstream WIndows1975-1993 AIrstream WIndows1994-2020 Airstream Windows
Gaskets
Door GasketsWindow Gaskets
Lighting
Exterior Lighting
Stop/Tail/Turn LightsClearance LightsUtility LightsReflectors
Interior Lighting
12V LightsVintage Lens
Bulbs
Power - Electrical System
Power Converter - InverterPower Inlets - CablesSwitches - FusesSolar
Fresh Water - Plumbing System
Black - Gray - White Water Holding TanksFresh WaterFittingsFaucetsValterra SystemThetford SystemToilet
Propane SystemDoors - Locks
LocksKT LockCompartment DoorEntry Door
Adhesive - Sealants - Polish
SealantPolishCleaners
Rivets - Tools - Hardware
RivetsToolsHardware
Chassis - Frame - Jacks
Airstream OutriggerJacks - Stabilizer
Exterior Panels - Underbelly WrapExterior Trim - Exterior Hardware
InsertsMouldingWheelwell Trim
Interior Trim - Interior Hardware
Cabinet HardwareCurtain HardwareTables
Airstream Rock Guards - Segment Protectors
Rock GuardsSegment Protectors
Vents - Vent CoversStep Hardware - Replacement PartsAirstream Appliances
Air ConditioningHeatingMicrowavesWater HeaterCooktopsRefrigerator
Towing - Hitches - Couplers
Tow CableHitchCoupler
Airstream Leisure
Outdoor Living
Airstream Motorhome Parts
AIRSTREAM PROJECT RESEARCH
Torsion Axle 101Airstream Torsion Axle Installation HelpAirstream Motorhome Tag Axle IntroductionCentramatic Wheel Balancer F.A.Q.History of Airstream AluminumShell Segment Removal and ReplacementReplacing an Airstream Roof Vent CoverAirstream Vent Pipe Cover and Gasket InstallationAirstream 7-Way Wiring DiagramAirstream Serial Number Diagram 1969 to 1980
Airstream Rockguard ModificationWrap Window Installation HelpOpening Window Replacement HelpReplacing 1966-68 Airstream GlassAirstream Window Gasket ReplacementAirstream Motorhome Window Gasket ReplacementAirstream Tambour Installation InstructionsReplacing Airstream KT Lock 1970-1972Fiberglass Tank Fittings Installation Help
CONTACT USMY ACCOUNT
HomeAbout Inland RV
Airstream 7-Way Wiring Diagram
Airstream DIY Articles
Airstream Motorhome Tag Axle Introduction
Airstream Motorhome Window Gasket Replacement
Airstream Parts
Airstream Rockguard Modification
Airstream Serial Number Diagram 1969 to 1980
Airstream Tambour Installation Instructions
Airstream Torsion Axle Installation Help
Airstream Vent Pipe Cover and Gasket Installation
Airstream Window Gasket Replacement
Cart
Centramatic Wheel Balancer F.A.Q.
Checkout
Contact Us
Fiberglass Tank Fittings Installation Help
History of Airstream Aluminum
My account
Opening Window Replacement Help
Quote New AIRSTREAM AXLES
Replacing 1966-68 Airstream Glass
Replacing Airstream KT Lock 1970-1972
Replacing an Airstream Roof Vent Cover
Returns & Refund Policy
Shell Segment Removal and Replacement
Suburban Furnace NT30SP
Terms and Conditions
Torsion Axle 101
Wrap Window Installation Help
Zip Dee Fabric Replacement
$0.00 0 items
Home / Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
The following are the terms and conditions of purchasing from Inland RV INC. and using our services.
RETURNS & REFUNDS
Our policy lasts 30 days. If 30 days have gone by since your purchase, unfortunately we can’t offer you a refund or exchange.
To be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it. It must also be in original packaging that it was sent to you in.
Several types of goods are exempt from being returned. Electrical and Lighting Goods cannot be returned or refunded for store credit. Cut items sold by the foot are not returnable. Special ordered or non stocked items are also not returnable. We also do not accept products that are intimate or sanitary goods, hazardous materials, or flammable liquids or gases.
Additional non-returnable items:
* Gift cards
* Downloadable software products
To complete your return, we require a receipt or proof of purchase.
Please do not send your purchase back to the manufacturer.
There are certain situations where only partial refunds are granted with a 20% restock fee: (if applicable)
* Any item not in its original condition, is damaged or missing parts for reasons not due to our error.
* Any item that is returned more than 10 days after delivery and with confirmation email.
Refunds (if applicable)
Once your return is received and inspected, we will send you an email to notify you that we have received your returned item. We will also notify you of the approval or rejection of your refund.
If you are approved, then your refund will be processed, and a credit will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of payment, within a certain amount of days.
Late or missing refunds (if applicable)
If you haven’t received a refund yet, first check your bank account again.
Then contact your credit card company, it may take some time before your refund is officially posted.
Next contact your bank. There is often some processing time before a refund is posted.
If you’ve done all of this and you still have not received your refund yet, please contact us at Inlandrv.csr@gmail.com.
Sale items (if applicable)
Only regular priced items may be refunded, unfortunately sale items cannot be refunded.
Exchanges (if applicable)
We only replace items if they are defective or damaged.  If you need to exchange it for the same item, send us an email at Inlandrv.csr@gmail.com and once confirmed that an exchange will take place, send your item to: 391 Elizabeth Lane, Corona, CA, 92880, United States.
Shipping
To return your product, you should mail your product to: 391 Elizabeth Lane, Corona, CA, 92880, United States.
You will be responsible for paying for your own shipping costs for returning your item. Shipping costs are non-refundable. If you receive a refund, the cost of return shipping will be deducted from your refund.
Depending on where you live, the time it may take for your exchanged product to reach you, may vary.
If you are shipping an item over $75, you should consider using a trackable shipping service or purchasing shipping insurance. We don’t guarantee that we will receive your returned item.
INSPECTION REQUIREMENTS
OPEN AND INSPECT ANY SHIPMENTS YOU RECEIVE,  IMMEDIATELY.
If any damaged has occurred, un immediate report to UPS, USPS, FEDex or Motor freight company must be made at the time you sign for your shipment.
If for some reason motor-freight shipment damage is not noted at the time of receipt, the freight lines more than likely deny your claim.
If you have someone else sign for the shipment, it means that you have appointed them as your agent and you are bound by what they sign for.
If hidden damage is discovered, after signing, a timely report must be made to them within 48 hours or less. Any report received after that time, will most likely be denied.
Any shipment that INLAND RV, INC has made to you has been properly packaged. However that does not eliminate the fact that damage could still occur. If any damage or shortage is not reported to us within 48 hours, we will consider the entire shipment to have been received as ordered and without damage.
No claims for damage or shortages will be honored after 48 hours from time of receipt.
Inland RV Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from inlandrv.com (the “Site”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
– “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
– “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
– “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers, email address, and phone number.  We refer to this information as “Order Information.”
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations).  Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you;
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above.  For example, we use Woocommerce to power our online store and also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site–you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:  https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.  You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.  For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by:
FACEBOOK – https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
GOOGLE – https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
BING – https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at:  http://optout.aboutads.info/.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.  Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at Inlandrv.csr@gmail.com or by mail using the details provided below:
391 Elizabeth Lane, Corona, CA, 92880, United States
SearchMore About Inland RV Inland RV is a trusted source for Airstream parts and a dedicated project researcher for the Airstream community. Established in 1989, Inland RV is dedicated to helping our clients maintain their Airstream trailers with ease and efficiency. Give us a call, leave us a message, fill out a contact form…Let us know how we can help you complete your project for your Airstream.
InstagramInstagram has returned invalid data.Follow Inland RV!
Inland RV was established the summer of 1989 in Corona, CA and has since been supporting Airstream enthusiasts. Inland RV utilizes an Airstream Parts database which has parts for Airstream models going back to the mid 1960’s. Inland RV is proud to have helped keep Airstream Travel Trailers on the road; it is our passion. If Inland RV doesn’t have your part or we can’t make it ourselves; we will try our best to help you source it elsewhere. You can trust Inland RV to utilize our Airstream parts database and service library to help you finish your project.
Airstream Project Research Center Starting a new project on your Airstream can be daunting. One of the most nerve-racking steps is finding a reliable source for Airstream parts and the knowledge to help install them. If you have a question on how to install an Airstream Part, Inland RV will do our very best to provide a solution to you. We consider ourselves project researchers at heart and will answer your questions with clear steps to help aid you throughout your project. If you are a DIY renovator, a specialty shop, total newbie; it doesn’t matter. Let us utilize our Airstream parts database and know how to help you keep your Airstream on the road for years to come.
Airstream Parts Warehouse and Workshop The Inland RV Warehouse holds a large stock of vintage and New Airstream Parts. If we don’t have the part in stock we can likely make it ourselves. Our workshop has tools to modify or fabricate virtually any part that is required to get your project completed. If a part for your Airstream trailer needs to be machined, milled, welded, cut, drilled, formed or pressed we can do it. To summarize, our warehouse has the Airstream parts you need and our workshop makes the Airstream parts you want. Let us know how we can help you finish your Airstream project.
RV Accessories Airstream parts are Inland RV’s specialty but not our only capability. Many of the parts we stock will also help maintain modern RV and other Vintage Model trailers. Inland RV is able to source thousands of accessories to help make the most of your adventures on the road. Our online shop includes new Appliances, Heating Systems, Electronics, Interior Hardware, Lights and More. Before your next trip, make sure you’re equipped with all the comforts of home on the road.
Hours & Info391 East Harrison Street Ste. D
Corona CA 92879(800)877-7311info@inlandrv.comMonday - Friday: 8:30am-4:30pm
*Hours may differ due to COVID concerns
© Inland RV 2020
Terms and Conditions
My Account
Search
Search
0
Due to COVID-19 risks and the state of certain American Supply Chains, our team asks that our valued customers remain patient while we figure out better ways to support you during such unusual times. Please visit our CONTACT US page with any questions and we will try and answer them quickly as we are able.
Dismiss