http://inlandcraft.com/pages/terms-and-conditions
Skip to content
Shop
AllApronsBand sawsDiamond discsDopping suppliesGift cardsGlass cuttingGrinder bitsGrindersLamp attachmentsOils and lubricantsParts
Band saw parts
SwapTop parts
Wiz, Wizling and Wizard parts
Miscellaneous parts
PolishingSaw bladesSintered carving bursSintered lapsSintered wheelsSolderingSwapTopWire drills
Videos
DB-100 band sawStained glassSwapTopWiz family grinders
Contact
Account
Cart
Spend $100 more and get free shipping!
Your cart is empty
FREE SHIPPING for U.S. orders over $100 to the lower 48 U.S. states!
Last updated on Dec. 2, 2020
Please read these Inland Craft Terms and Conditions carefully before using inlandcraft.com, which is owned and operated by Reentel International Inc. Your access to use this website is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these terms. These terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access and use this website. By accessing or using this website, you agree to these terms. If you disagree with any part of these terms, then you do not have permission to access this website.
Privacy policy
Read and understand our entire Privacy Policy before interacting with our website.
Purchases
We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order at any time for reasons including but not limited to: product or service availability, errors in the description, price of the product or service, or error in your order. We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order if fraud or an unauthorized or illegal transaction is suspected.
Non-U.S. customersYou are responsible for any applicable importation fees such as duties and/or taxes.
Payments
U.S. customersWe accept PayPal, PayPal Credit and the following credit/debit cards: American Express, Master Card and Visa.
Non-U.S. customersWe accept PayPal and the following credit/debit cards, only if the billing address matches the credit card address: American Express, Master Card and Visa.
Shipping methods
U.S. customersWe offer USPS and UPS. By default, we always ship USPS Priority Mail or UPS Ground unless a special service request is made. If you need a service other than our default shipping methods, we offer USPS Express Mail, UPS 3-Day Select™, 2nd Day Air® and Next Day Air®. UPS DOES NOT SHIP TO P.O. BOXES.
Non-U.S. customersWe offer USPS Priority and Express Mail International Services.
Tracking numbers
When your order is ready to ship, we will send you an email using the email you provided us when you placed the order letting you know the date we are shipping and your tracking number so you know exactly when to expect your goods.
Backorders
If for some reason a product that you ordered is on backorder, we will notify you right away using the email address or phone number you provide us at checkout. We will also let you know the lead time.
Damaged shipment
If your package arrives damaged, please notify us right away. We will then file a claim with the shipping carrier and provide a replacement shipment for you.
Return policy
If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return the item within 45 days of receiving it for an exchange or credit. Shipping charges will NOT be credited. Items must be in their original packaging and unused to be returned. Before returning, please call to inform us of the return. When returning, enclose the original invoice and the reason for the return with the items you are returning. Shipping to us is at your expense. A restocking fee of 5%-20% will be charged on returned items, depending on the condition in which they're returned.
Customer service
We pride ourselves on providing our customers with excellent service. We believe in building a relationship with you and assisting you in every way possible. If you ever have a question, concern or want to talk lapidary, feel free to contact us by phone or email.
Availability, errors and inaccuracies
We are constantly updating products and services on our website. We may experience delays in updating information on the website and in our advertising on other websites. The information found on the website may contain errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. Products may be priced incorrectly, described inaccurately, or unavailable on the website. We cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information found on the website, therefore we reserve the right to change or update information and to correct errors, inaccuracies, or omissions at any time without prior notice.
Contests and promotions
Any contests or promotions made available through our website may be governed by rules that are separate from these Terms and Conditions. If you participate in any promotions, please review the applicable rules regarding that specific promotion.
Content
Our website allows you to post, link, store, share and otherwise make available certain information, text, graphics, videos, or other material. You are responsible for the content that you post on or through the website, including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness. By posting content on or through our website, you represent and warrant that the content is yours (you own it) and/or you have the right to use it and the right to grant us the rights and license as provided in these Terms, and that the posting of your content on or through our website does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person or entity. We reserve the right to terminate the account of anyone found to be infringing on a copyright.
You retain any and all of your rights to any content you submit, post or display on or through our website and you are responsible for protecting those rights. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for content you or any third party posts on or through our website. However, by posting content on our website, you grant us the right and license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute such content on and through our website. You agree that this license includes the right for us to make your content available to other users of our website who may also use your content subject to these Terms. Reentel International Inc. has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit all content provided by users.
In addition, content found on or through our website is the property of Reentel International Inc. or used with permission. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, download, repost, copy, or use said content, whether in whole or in part, for commercial purposes or for personal gain, without express advance written permission from us.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you guarantee that you are above the age of 18 and that the information you provide us is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Inaccurate, incomplete, or obsolete information may result in immediate termination of your account on our website.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, including but not limited to the restriction of access to your computer and/or account. You agree to accept responsibility for any and all activities or actions that occur under your account and/or password, whether your password is with our website or a third-party service. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account. You may not use the name of another person or entity that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trademark that is subject to any rights of another person or entity other than you, without appropriate authorization, as a username. You may not use any name that is offensive, vulgar or obscene as a username.
We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in our sole discretion.
Intellectual property
Our website and its original content (excluding content provided by users), features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Reentel International Inc. and its licensors. This website is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of Reentel International Inc.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend your account and bar access to our website immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a breach of the Terms. If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using our website. All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Reentel International Inc. and its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees), resulting from or arising out of your use and access of our website by you or any person using your account and password,  a breach of these Terms, or content posted on our website.
Limitation of liability
In no event shall Reentel International Inc., nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use our website; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on our website; (iii) any content obtained from our website; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer
Your use of our website is at your sole risk. The website is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. The website is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Reentel International Inc., its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the website will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the website is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using our website will meet your requirements.
Exclusions
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you.
Governing law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Illinois, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our website, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding our website.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material, we will provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion. By continuing to access or use our website after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use our website.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding these Terms, please contact us.