http://innovara.com/innovara-website-privacy-policy-statement/
Innovara Website Privacy Policy Statement
This is the privacy policy of the website of Innovara, Inc.
Our postal address is
105 Middle Street
Hadley, MA, 01007
We can be reached via e-mail at innovara@innovara.com
or you can reach us by telephone at +1-413-387-6188
Innovara respects the right to privacy of our website visitors. To protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
On our website, we collect and process certain personal information which Innovara may use for its educational, networking, marketing, social, recruiting, and similar business purposes. We collect the domain name, e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, fax number.
Personal information that is voluntarily submitted through the website is not shared with entities outside of Innovara other than appropriate service providers who assist in carrying out these business functions. Such personal information is not sold or transferred outside the control of Innovara.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes, disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website, to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other corporate change respecting the Website.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events.
If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.