http://innovara.com/innovara-website-terms-of-use/
Innovara Website Terms of Use
1. Acceptance of terms
Innovara, Inc., a Virginia corporation (“Innovara,” “we” or “us”), provides the information and content located at http://www.innovara.com (the “website”), and as modified from time to time, subject to these Terms of Use. We may update the Terms of Use from time to time without notice to you. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Use at any time at the Innovara website.
By accessing the website and the information and content published thereon, you agree to be bound to these Terms of Service as if you had signed them. If you do not accept the Terms of Use, do not utilize the Website.
2. Privacy
Innovara respects the right to privacy of our website visitors. To protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
On our website, we collect and process certain personal information which Innovara may use for its educational, networking, marketing, social, recruiting, and similar business purposes. We collect the domain name, e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, fax number.
Personal information that is voluntarily submitted through the website is not shared with entities outside of Innovara other than appropriate service providers who assist in carrying out these business functions. Such personal information is not sold or transferred outside the control of Innovara.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes, disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website, to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other corporate change respecting the Website.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us an e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events.
If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us an e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
3. Linking to Other Sites
We may provide on our site links to related sites maintained by third parties. Please be aware that if you link to another third-party site from the Innovara web site, such sites are not subject to our Terms and Conditions. You should review the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine its Terms and Conditions.
4. Children
The Website is not marketed to minors. We do not knowingly collect personal information from persons under the age of 18. If we learn that we have personal information on a child under the age of 18, we will delete that information from our records and systems.
5. Amendment
Innovara reserves the right to amend these Terms of Use at any time without notice to you. All amendments to the Terms of Use will be published at the Innovara website. It is your responsibility to check for such amendments. If you do not accept any amendment, your sole remedy will be to discontinue your utilization of the Website.
6. Innovara proprietary rights
You acknowledge that Innovara owns the Innovara trademark and domain names and that all information and content published on the Website is the copyrighted work of Innovara or its licensors. Unless otherwise specifically provided in writing, you are not authorized to copy, transmit or otherwise publish any portion of the Website without the prior written consent of Innovara.
7. Disclaimer of warranties
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT:
YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE WEBSITE AND ITS CONTENTS ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. INNOVARA EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
THE INFORMATION INCLUDED IN OR AVAILABLE THROUGH THE WEBSITE MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS, AND INNOVARA MAKES NO WARRANTY TO THE CONTRARY.
8. Notice
Innovara may provide notice of changes to the Terms of Use or other matters by posting the modified Terms of Use, notices, or links to notices on the Website.
9. General provisions
If any provisions herein shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall not affect the validity of the remainder of the Terms of Use, the parties hereto stipulating that all of the provisions hereof shall be deemed severable and independent.
This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Virginia in all respects, and the parties hereto consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the courts of the State of Virginia, or the Federal District Courts located in the State of Virginia.
10. Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, the practices of this site, or Innovara, Inc., please feel free to contact us.
Innovara may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.