https://insideout.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policyinsideout2020-10-20T16:59:52+00:00
Privacy Policy
InsideOut Solutions Privacy Policy Notice
InsideOut Solutions understands that the protection and security of your account information, and any other information that is personally identifiable, is of utmost importance. We will not disclose, give or sell your e-mail address to any third parties. We will never disclose to third parties any information contained in your registration data, personal data, or related data. The information entered by the Innkeeper as a part of their listing will be publicly advertised in our directory (the purpose of our directory); however, personal information will be kept private and e-mail addresses will be hidden from general surfers (to decrease spam and unwanted e-mail).
Information Collection and Use
Your privacy is important to us. InsideOut Solutions is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. InsideOut Solutions collects information from our users and Property Owners or their representative at several different points on our website.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the web site user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. We use cookies to store visitors’ preferences, record session information, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site and to customize website content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that InsideOut Solutions is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ and Property Owners’ or their representatives information. When users or Property Owners or their representatives submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and off-line. When our registration/order form asks users or Property Owners or their representatives to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry – SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just ‘surfing’. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment. If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email.
Site and Service Updates
We also send the Property Owners or their representative site and service announcement updates. Members are not able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service. We communicate with the Property Owners or their representatives to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone.
Correction/Updating Personal Information:
If a Property Owner’s or their representative’s personally identifiable information changes (such as their zip code or credit card number), or if a Property Owner or their representative no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user’s personal data provided to us. This can usually be done at the member information page or by emailing our Customer Support.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we would notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Transfers
We reserve the right to assign, disclose or transfer any and all information that we collect from visitors to the InsideOut Solutions Site to any third party in the event that we sell our business or transfer substantially all of our assets to such third party.
Tweet
Share
phone
mail
facebook
twitter
pinterest
linkedin
instagram
rss
Share Button