http://instrotech.com.au/terms-of-use
[+]
Call us now !
Find us on the map
Send us an email
Home Products Calibrators Indicators Load Cells Soil Probes Tank Level Transmitters Weighing Contact Us Online Shop
Searching
Terms of Use
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USEWelcome to Instrotech Instrumentation and Process Control online. Instrotech Australia Pty Ltd (Instrotech) provides goods and services to you subject to the following terms and conditions. Whenever you visit or shop within this website you accept these terms and conditions, so please read them carefully.PRIVACYPlease review our Privacy Policy which also governs your visit to our website in order to understand our practices.ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONSWhen you visit Instrotech or send emails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by email or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.COPYRIGHTAll content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio, video, digital downloads, data compilations, manuals and software, is the property of Instrotech or its suppliers and protected by international copyright laws.TRADE MARKSTrademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not authorised, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Instrotech. All other trademarks not owned by Instrotech that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Instrotech.LICENSE AND SITE ACCESSInstrotech grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download, other than page caching), nor modify it or any portion of it, except with the express written consent of Instrotech. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents: any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices: any derivative use of this site or its contents: any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant: or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. Neither this site nor any portion of this site may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without the express written consent of Instrotech. You may not frame or utilise framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Instrotech and our associates without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilising Instrotech's name or trademarks without the express written consent of Instrotech. Any unauthorised use terminates the permission or license granted by Instrotech. You are granted a limited, revocable, and non-exclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of Instrotech so long as the link does not portray Instrotech, its associates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any Instrotech logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.YOUR MEMBERSHIP ACCOUNTIf you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. If you are under 18, you may use our website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. Instrotech and its associates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders at their sole discretion.REVIEWS, COMMENTS, EMAILS, AND OTHER CONTENTVisitors may post reviews, comments, and other content; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of “spam”. You may not use a false email address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other content. Instrotech reserves the right, but is not obliged, to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content. If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Instrotech and its associates a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant Instrotech and its associates and sub-licensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Instrotech or its associates for all claims resulting from content you supply. Instrotech has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. Instrotech takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.RISK OF LOSSAll items purchased from Instrotech are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This basically means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONSInstrotech and its associates attempt to be as accurate as possible. However, Instrotech does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by Instrotech itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITYThis site is provided by Instrotech on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Instrotech makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site. You expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, Instrotech disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Instrotech does not warrant that this site, its servers, or email sent from Instrotech are free of viruses or other harmful components. Instrotech will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages. Certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights.APPLICABLE LAWBy visiting Instrotech's website, you agree that the laws of the State of South Australia, Australia, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Instrotech or its associates.DISPUTESAny dispute relating in any way to your visit to Instrotech's website or to products you purchase through Instrotech shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in the State of South Australia, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate Instrotech's intellectual property rights, Instrotech may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing in terms of the Commercial Arbitration Act 2011 of South Australia, as amended. The arbitrators award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgement in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.SITE POLICIES, MODIFICATION, AND SEVERABILITYPlease review our other policies, such as our Privacy, Security, Delivery, Refund and Returns policies, posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to Instrotech's website. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Terms and Conditions of Use at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.QUESTIONSQuestions regarding our Terms and Conditions of Use or any other Policy related material may be directed to our support staff via the Contact Us link, or you can email us at: info@instrotech.com.auInstrotech Australia Pty LtdABN 50 059 798 337
HomeProductsContact UsOnline Shop Copyright © 1999-2020 Instrotech Australia Pty Ltd. All rights reserved.
E&OE. Pricing and Availability may be subject to change without notice.