https://insul.net/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
The contents of the Innovative Energy, Inc. web site are provided as general information only. In no event will Innovative Energy, Inc. or the contributors of information to this site be liable to you or anyone else for any action taken by you in reliance on such information or for any consequential, special, or similar damages. The following discloses Innovative Energy’s practices for protecting the privacy of visitors to our web site, www.insul.net and www.insultote.net.
Access to All Sections of the Web Site Without Providing Personal Information.
Visitors can access all sections of the web site without providing any personal, identifying information.
Collection of Cookies. Innovative Energy, Inc. never collects or uses cookies (an electronic place-holder on visitors’ personal computers) for any reason; and, visitors always can accept or reject any cookies from our web site by taking advantage of the related settings and tools on their own computers. Please be aware of any personal security and/or cookie collection on the computer you are using.
Voluntary Use of Contact Forms. Innovative Energy, Inc. Forms are where visitors may voluntarily provide personal information, including name, company/organization, city and state of residence, and telephone numbers. The contact information is only used to contact the visitor as requested. Innovative Energy, Inc. does NOT collect personally identifiable contact information, and does NOT distribute to third parties any information provided on Innovative Energy, Inc. Forms. We will not disclose under any circumstances an individual’s/employee’s identifying information provided by voluntary use of a Contact Form, or specific use of the system to any individual, employer, or organization. Further, only a group of trained and authorized employees has access to information you volunteer via a Contact Form and they along with all our employees must abide by our privacy policy. Those who violate our privacy policy are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
Helpful Links. Our site contains links to other sites. These links are provided for your convenience and are not intended as an endorsement by Innovative Energy, Inc. of the organizations operating these sites nor as a warranty of the information they contain. Innovative Energy, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other web sites, and urge users to review privacy policies. Again, visitors always can accept or reject any cookies from our web sites by taking advantage of the related settings and tools on their own computers.
×
Scroll To Top