http://intelligentlookup.com/terms-of-service/
(240) 243-4457
Skip to content
Home
About Us
Data Append
Network Appliance
Phone Append
Phone Verification
Reverse Lookup
Email Append
Do-Not-Call Indicator
NCOA by the US Postal Service
Consumer Demographics
Marketing Lists
Industry Solutions
Call Centers
Recruiters & Hiring Agencies
Voter & Constituent Files
Loyalty & Retention Programs
Insurance & Warranty Programs
Financial Communications
File Transfer
Send a File
FAQs
Satisfaction Guarantee
Imperfect Data
Reviews
Contact Us
Send a File
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Request A Quote
Terms of Service
Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc. Terms of Service (2010)
1. Acknowledgment and Acceptance of
Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc. Terms of Service
All products and
services described on the Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc (ILS) website are
subject to the terms and conditions of this Intelligent Lookup Services Terms
of Service (ILSTS) and any operating rules or policies that may be published by
ILS. The ILSTS comprises the entire agreement between you (“The Customer”) and
ILS and supersedes all prior agreements between the parties regarding the ILS
web site and subject matter contained therein. BY COMPLETING THE REGISTRATION
PROCESS AND CLICKING THE "CONTINUE" BUTTON, YOU ARE INDICATING YOUR
AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ILSTS.
2. Description of Service
ILS is providing
registrants with a capability to transmit data to ILS for processing and return
to you “the Customer”. All information requested on original sign-up shall be
referred to as registration data ("Registration Data"). If any
information provided by a registrant is inaccurate, ILS retains the right to
close an account and cancel all rights to use our online services.
3. Service Warranty
If Intelligent
Lookup Services, Inc. is at fault and fails to process your order in accordance
with the specifications confirmed by the customer and is accepted for
processing by ILS, then ILS shall repeat the order in whole or in part as case
may be, at no expense to our customer. If a repeat Job is not feasible, then
ILS shall issue a credit to the extent of any portion of the Job is not
processed satisfactorily.
THIS WARRANTY IS THE
ONLY WARRANTY APPLICABLE TO THE SERVICE, AND IS EXPRESSLY IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER
WARRANTIES EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OR
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR ANY OTHER WARRANTY. A
REPEAT PROCESSING IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OR CREDIT IF APPROPRIATE, OF THE SERVICE
IS THE MEMBER’S SOLE REMEDY FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY.
THIS WARRANTY WILL
NOT APPLY IN THOSE CASES WHERE THE FAILURE TO PERFORM THE PROCESSING PROPERLY
WAS AS A RESULT OF ERRORS IN THE DATA SUPPLIED BY THE CUSTOMER. ILS DOES NOT
ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES THAT THE CUSTOMER MAY INCUR BY REASON OF
FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE OF OUR SERVICES, INCLUDING INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR
PUNITIVE DAMAGES.
4. Modifications to Terms of Service
ILS may change the
terms and conditions of the ILSTS from time to time. We will notify you in
writing only if there are any substantial changes in the terms and conditions
of this ILSTS.
5. Modifications to Service
ILS reserves the
right to modify or discontinue any Service with or without notice to an online
ILS customer. ILS shall not be liable to any online customer or any third party
should ILS exercise its right to modify or discontinue any of its Service(s).
6. Disclaimer of Warranties
ILS IS PROVIDING
THIS SITE AND ITS CONTENTS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS AND MAKES NO
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THIS SITE OR ITS
CONTENTS. ILS DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING FOR
EXAMPLE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN
ADDITION, ILS DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE INFORMATION ACCESSIBLE VIA
THIS SITE IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE OR CURRENT. Price and service availability
information is subject to change without notice. Except as specifically stated
on this site, neither ILS nor any of its directors, employees or other
representatives will be liable for damages arising out of or in connection with
the use of this site. This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that
applies to all damages of any kind, including (without limitation) compensatory,
direct, indirect or consequential damages, loss of data, income or profit, loss
of or damage to property and claims of third parties.
7. No Resale of the Service
An online ILS
customer’s right to use our services is personal to an individual ILS Customer.
An ILS customer may be an individual, a corporation or other business entity.
An ILS customer agrees not to resell our service(s) without the express consent
of Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc.
8. Customer Conduct
An ILS online
customer is solely responsible for the contents of his or her transmissions
through our online service. Customer’s use of our service is subject to all
applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations.
Customer agrees: (1) To comply with US law regarding the transmission of
technical data exported from the United States through our online service; (2)
Not to use our services for illegal purposes; (3) Not to interfere or disrupt
networks connected to our online service; and (4) To comply with all regulations,
policies and procedures of networks connected to our online service. Customer
agrees not to transmit through our online service any unlawful, harassing,
libelous, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene or otherwise
objectionable material of any kind or nature. Customer further agrees not to
transmit any material that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal
offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable
local, state, national or international law or regulation. Attempts to gain
unauthorized access to other computer systems are prohibited. ILS may, at its
sole discretion, immediately terminate our online service(s) to a customer
should a customer’s conduct fail to conform to these terms and conditions of the
ILSTS.
9. Indemnification
Customer agrees to
indemnify and hold ILS, affiliates, officers and employees, harmless from any
claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party
due to or arising out of customer’s use of our online service(s), the violation
of this ILSTS by a customer, or the infringement by a customer, or other user
of our online service(s) using a customer’s computer, of any intellectual
property or other right of any person or entity.
10. Termination
Either a customer or
ILS may terminate the online service agreement with or without cause at any
time and effective immediately. Termination shall be accompanied by a written
notice to the other party. ILS shall not be liable to its customer(s) or any
third party for a termination of our services. Should a customer object to any
terms and conditions of the ILSTS or any subsequent modifications thereto or
become dissatisfied with our online service(s) in any way, their only recourse
is to immediately: (1) discontinue use of our online service(s); (2) terminate
the online account; and (3) notify ILS of termination. Upon termination of the
account, An ILS online customer’s right to use our online service(s) and
software immediately ceases.
11. Notice
All written notices
by either party shall be in writing and shall be made either via email or
conventional mail. ILS may broadcast notices or messages through the internet
to inform customers of changes to the ILSTS, ILS service(s), or other matters
of importance; such broadcasts shall constitute notice to ILS registered
customers.
12. Proprietary Rights to Content
ILS online customers
acknowledge that content, including but not limited to text, software, graphics
or other material presented to customers by the ILS web site
("Content") is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks,
patents or other proprietary rights and laws; therefore, ILS customers are only
permitted to use this Content as expressly authorized by Intelligent Lookup
Services, Inc.. ILS online customers may not copy, reproduce, distribute, or
create derivative works from this Content without expressly being authorized to
do so by Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc.. ILS and the ILS logo are registered
trademarks of ILS Computer, Inc.
13. Laws
The ILSTS shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland,
excluding its conflict of law provisions. ILS online customers and Intelligent
Lookup Services, Inc. agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
courts of the State of Maryland. If any provision(s) of the ILSTS is held by a
court of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law, then such provision(s)
shall be construed, as nearly as possible, to reflect the intentions of the
parties with the other provisions remaining in full force and effect. ILS’s
failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the ILSTS shall not
constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed
to by ILS in writing. ILS online customer’s and ILS agree that any cause of
action arising out of or related to providing online services must commence
within one (1) year after the cause of action arose; otherwise, such cause of
action is permanently barred. The section titles in the ILSTS are solely used
for the convenience of the parties and have no legal or contractual
significance.
14. Payment Terms
You can pay for the
services you purchase from Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc. with through
PayPal.com, MasterCard or Visa Card, or by being approved for and accept
the terms of an ILS Network Credit Account.
The charge to your
credit card will appear under the name of “Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc.”,
all charges are computed in U.S. currency. If your credit card account is based
in another country, the credit card issuer will convert to your local currency.
Both the U.S. dollar amount and your local currency will appear on your
statement. ILS customers are subject to the terms and conditions imposed by PayPal.Com,
VISA and MasterCard for the payment of individual transactions.
Invoices are due
upon receipt. All amounts not paid within 15 days of the due date shall be
subject to a service charge of the lower of 1.5% per month or the highest rate
under applicable law effective from the invoice date. The customer agrees that
it shall pay any and all reasonable attorney fees, court costs and other
expenses incurred in the collection of any amounts owed by the customer and not
paid when due. The customer agrees they (and not any other party) are totally
responsible for any unpaid invoice, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by
ILS.
If you choose to
reject your order, we cannot accept any further orders until you contact our
customer service department via email at CustomerService@intelligentlookup.com,
via phone at (240) 243-4457 or fax at (240) 243-7000.
15. Information Collection and Usage
At Intelligent
Lookup Services, Inc., we believe that the data you provide us to be processed
belongs to you and you alone. Your data files are your property and are not
used for any purpose except to process your order. We keep your data for 90
days so that we may refer to them in the unlikely event that there is a problem
with the services that we provided to you. After 90 days, your files are purged
from Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc.’s secure servers.
When you register at
Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc., we request your name, email address, phone
number, postal address, ZIP Code, state, and country. We use this data to
manage registrations, and, when you place an order, to contact you about your
order.
Only if you give us
permission at time of registration will we use your email address, mailing
address and/or phone number to contact you regarding new product/service
offerings and other aspects of your use of the Intelligent Lookup Services,
Inc., or associated web sites. If, however, you do not wish to continue to
receive such communications, you have the ability to "opt-out" at any
time by contacting us.
From time to time,
we may ask you to answer surveys regarding current or future Intelligent Lookup
Services, Inc. products and services. Participation in these surveys is always
optional. Survey responses are only used in the aggregate, and are never linked
to an individual. While our survey data is primarily for use within Intelligent
Lookup Services, Inc. only, we may occasionally share the aggregate survey data
with our development partners (e.g. web design, advertising and marketing
agencies) in order to facilitate new product development.
We may occasionally
have a special relationship with another company, an entity that we think of as
a marketing partner. By this we mean that a portion or version of our web site
is integrated into our partner’s web site or is integrated with our partner’s
content or branding. In such circumstances, because we are jointly presenting
our web site with a partner, and because the partner is referring customers to
Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc., we may agree to share information with the
partner as part of our formal contract with that partner, including
confidentiality and use obligations and restrictions regarding how the partner
may use the information. In these instances where Intelligent Lookup Services,
Inc. and a partner jointly promote ILS’s Services, ILS may provide the partner
certain account information, such as the name, address, and username as a
result of a joint promotion with Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc. We only
share this information for users coming to Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc.
from a partner web site. Again, at the point of registration, you have the
option to "opt-out" of receiving emails or promotional materials. If
you have linked to Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc. through a marketing
partner as described here, the web page you view will be co-branded with the
marketing partner. If you would like information about the information use and
practices of a marketing partner, Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc. recommends
that you view the privacy policy of the marketing partner.
16. Tracing Information
Like most every web site,
the Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc. web site records certain tracing
information anytime someone may visit our site. For every web page that is
viewed, our web server records an IP address, the operating system, browser
version and the name of the page that was viewed.
This information is
not linked to any specific user and is used in the aggregate to maintain and
improve our Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc. web site.
17. Links to Other Sites
Our web site
contains links to sites developed by other companies and organizations. Please
be aware that these sites’ privacy policies may differ from ours.
18. "Opt Out" Policy
By default, we do
not send Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc. customers any unsolicited email. We
only send notifications of product updates, etc., if a user has specifically
requested this information. The choice of whether or not to receive these
notifications can be changed at any time by contacting us. We may on occasion
send unsolicited email to prospects; however we adhere to the Direct Marketing Association E-Mail Privacy Guidelines that includes an “Opt-Out” provision via e-mail.
19. Updating Your Information
All of your personal
information can be corrected or updated at any time by sending an email to CustomerCare@intelligentlookup.com.
20. E-Letter Website Security
The Intelligent
Lookup Services, Inc. web site uses secure sockets layer (SSL) to encrypt the
transfer of sensitive information, such as your account password and payment
information, from your web browser to our web server.
The same SSL
protocol also acts to authenticate the https://www.intelligentlookup.com site
and prevent unauthorized "hackers" from masquerading as the ILS site.
If another web site
attempts to falsely identify itself as http://www.intelligentlookup.com, your
web browser will display a warning indicating that there is a problem with the
digital certificate for http://www.intelligentlookup.com . Do not log in to the
ILS site if you see any such warning.
21. ILS Data Center Security
Our ILS data center
is located in a highly secure facility guarded electronically 24 hours a day.
We log the movement of all authorized visitors via badges and your data is
located in a separately locked area within our secure facility.
Our Intelligent
Lookup Services, Inc. data center computers communicate with each other using a
private network behind a "firewall" that prevents any unauthorized
access to our machines. Even with all this protection, Intelligent Lookup
Services, Inc. only stores credit card information for active orders on its
servers in encrypted form, thereby adding yet another measure of protection for
our customers.
22. How You Can Help Keep Your Information
Secure?
The most important
step you can take to keep your information secure is to keep your password
secure. Do not give your password to other people and avoid choosing
"easily guessed" passwords (e.g. any single word in the dictionary,
proper names of people and places easily associated with you, etc.). Change
your password immediately if you suspect someone has been accessing your
account without your permission (click on the "Update Account"
section of the ILS web site after logging in).
If for any reason
you suspect a security violation has occurred, please immediately send an email
to CustomerCare@intelligentlookup.com with a description of the situation.
23. Your Consent
In addition to the
circumstances described above, Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc. may disclose
or release information when we, in good faith, believe that doing so is
reasonably necessary to (i) comply with the law, (ii) enforce or apply the
terms of any of our user agreements, or (iii) protect the rights, property or
safety of Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc., our users, or others. By using our
web site, you consent to the collection and use of information by ILS as
described in our Privacy Policy. If we decide to change our policy, we will
post those changes here so you will always know what information we gather, how
we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Search for:
Send A File To Process
Mailing Lists for Home Service Industries
Intelligent Lookup Services
2 Professional Drive, Suite 212 - Gaithersburg, MD 20879-3420
Home
About Us
Products & Services
How It Works
Testimonials
FAQs
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms
© 2020 Copyright Intelligent Lookup Services. All Rights Reserved.