https://interfaceforce.co.uk/privacy-policy/
interfaceforce.com
interfaceforce.de
amti.biz
xsensor.com
gp50.com
emis-turkey.com
Search for:
Go
Privacy Policy
+44 1344 776666
Interface Force Measurements Limited understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used. We respect and value your privacy and will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a way consistent with our obligations and your legal rights.
1. Information About Us
Interface Force Measurements Limited
Registered in England under company number 03000521
Registered address: 11A Belmont Road Crowthorne Berkshire RG45 6LS
Main trading address: 19 Wellington Business Park Dukes Ride Crowthorne RG45 6LS
VAT number: GB604099353
Data Protection Officer: Neil Johnstone
Email address: dpo@interface.uk.com
Telephone number: 01344 776666
2. What Does This Notice Cover
This Privacy Information explains how we use your personal data, how it is collected, how it is held, and how it is processed. It also explains your rights under the law relating to your personal data.
3. What Is Personal Data?
Personal data is defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679) (“GDPR”) as ‘any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified by reference to an identifier’.
Personal data is, in simpler terms, any information about you that enables you to be identified. Personal data covers obvious information such as your name and contact details, but it also covers less obvious information such as identification numbers, electronic location data, and other online identifiers.
The personal data that we use is set out in Part 5, below.
4. What Are Your Rights?
Under the GDPR, you have the following rights, which we will always work to uphold:
a) The right to be informed about our collection and use of your personal data. This Privacy Notice should tell you everything you need to know, but you can always contact us to find out more or to ask any questions using the details in Part 11.
b) The right to access the personal data we hold about you. Part 10 will tell you how to do this.
c) The right to have your personal data corrected if any of your personal data held by us is inaccurate or incomplete. Please contact us using the details in Part 11 to find out more.
d) The right to be forgotten, i.e. the right to ask us to delete or otherwise dispose of any of your personal data that we have. Please contact us using the details in Part 11 to find out more.
e) The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data.
f) The right to object to us using your personal data for a particular purpose or
purposes.
g) The right to data portability. This means that, if you have provided personal data to us directly, we are using it with your consent or for the performance of a contract, and that data is processed using automated means, you can ask us for a copy of that personal data to re-use with another service or business.
h) Rights relating to automated decision-making and profiling. We do not use your personal data in this way. For more information about our use of your personal data or exercising your rights as outlined above, please contact us using the details provided in Part 11.
Further information about your rights can also be obtained from the Information Commissioner’s Office or your local Citizens Advice Bureau.
If you have any cause for complaint about our use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
5. What Personal Data Do We Collect?
We may collect some, or all, of the following personal data, this may vary according to your relationship with us, we do not hold any credit/debit card data electronically:
Name
Business/Trading Address
Email address
Telephone number
Business name
Job title
Profession
6. How Do We Use Your Personal Data?
Under the GDPR, we must always have a lawful basis for using personal data. This may be because the data is necessary for our performance of a contract with you, because you have consented to our use of your personal data, or because it is in our legitimate business interests to use it. Your personal data may be used for one of the following purposes:
Providing and managing your account.
Supplying products and/or services to you. Your personal details are required in order for us to enter into a contract with you.
Personalising and tailoring our products and/or services for you.
Communicating with you. This may include responding to emails or calls from you.
Supplying you with information by email and/or post that you have opted-in to,
you may unsubscribe or opt-out at any time by sending us an email or following a link on any marketing email.
With your permission and/or where permitted by law, we may also use your personal data for marketing purposes, which may include contacting you by email, telephone, text message or post with information, news and offers on our products and/or services. You will not be sent any unlawful marketing or spam. We will always work to fully protect your rights and comply with our obligations under the GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, and you will always have an opportunity to opt-out.
7. How Long Will We Keep Your Personal Data?
We will not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected or, where there is no fixed period, the following factors will be used to determine how long it is kept:
Client contract obligations.
Supplier existing commercial relationship.
Marketing to contacts that have expressed an explicit consent to receive
marketing communications and related topics.
8. How and Where Do We Store or Transfer Your Personal Data?
We will only store or transfer your personal data in the UK. This means that it will be fully protected under the GDPR.
Where we transfer your data to a third party based in the US, this may be protected if they are part of the EU-US Privacy Shield. This requires that third party to provide data protection to standards similar levels of data protection to those in Europe. More information is available from the European Commission.
Please contact us using the details below in Part 11 for further information about the particular data protection mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data to a third country.
The security of your personal data is essential to us, and to protect your data, we take a number of important measures, including the following:
Data encryption
Password protection
Safe storage
9. Do We Share Your Personal Data?
We may share your personal data with other companies in our group.
We may sometimes contract with third parties to supply products and services to you on our behalf. These may include payment processing, delivery, and marketing. In some cases, those third parties may require access to some or all of your personal data that we hold.
If any of your personal data is required by a third party, as described above, we will take steps to ensure that your personal data is handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, our obligations, and the third party’s obligations under the law, as described above in Part 8.
If any personal data is transferred outside of the EEA, we will take suitable steps in order to ensure that your personal data is treated just as safely and securely as it would be within the UK and under the GDPR, as explained above in Part 8.
In some limited circumstances, we may be legally required to share certain personal data, which might include yours, if we are involved in legal proceedings or complying with legal obligations, a court order, or the instructions of a government authority.
10. How Can You Access Your Personal Data?
If you want to know what personal data we have about you, you can ask us for
details of that personal data and for a copy of it (where any such personal data is held). This is known as a “subject access request”.
All subject access requests should be made in writing and sent to the email or postal address shown in Part 11.
There is not normally any charge for a subject access request. If your request is ‘manifestly unfounded or excessive’ (for example, if you make repetitive requests) a fee may be charged to cover our administrative costs in responding.
We will generally respond to your subject access request within 14 days and, in any case, not more than one month of receiving it. Normally, we aim to provide a complete response, including a copy of your personal data within that time. In some cases, however, particularly if your request is more complex, more time may be required up to a maximum of three months from the date we receive your request. You will be kept fully informed of our progress.
11. How Do You Contact Us?
To contact us about anything to do with your personal data and data protection, including to make a subject access request, please use the following details for the attention of Data Protection Officer
Email address: dpo@interface.uk.com
Telephone number: 01344 776666
Post: Interface Force Measurements Ltd. 19 Wellington Business Park Dukes Ride Crowthorne Berkshire RG45 6LS
12. Changes to this Privacy Notice
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. This may be necessary, for example, if the law changes, or if we change our business in a way that affects personal data protection.
Any changes will be made available on the Interface Force Measurements website and you will be informed by email of such changes.
Industrial Sensors Virtual Expo
25/02/2021																 - 25/02/2021
Virtual
Interface at EIS, Silverstone March 2020 Cancelled
31/03/2020																 - 31/03/2020
Silverwing Building, Silverstone Circuit
British and Irish Airports Expo - Postponed to 2021
05/10/2020																 - 06/10/2020
ExCel Centre, London
Advanced Engineering 2020 - Postponed 2021
04/11/2020																 - 05/11/2020
National Exhibition Centre (NEC) Birmingham, United Kingdom
Subscribe to our newsletter
Complete the below form to subscribe.
First Name*
Last Name*
Company name*
Email address*
Close
x