https://interconnectsystems.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy policyHome
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
This statement sets out Interconnect Systems’ policies relating to the privacy of your personal information.
Statement to users
Users should note there are inherent risks associated with transmission of information via the Internet. Therefore, users should make their own assessment of the potential risks to the security of their information when making a decision as to whether or not to utilise our website facilities.
For those users who do not wish to use public networks such as the Internet, there are alternative ways to obtain information from us, and transact business with us.
Information we collect
When you visit our website, our Internet Service Provider can automatically record your visit and log the following information for statistical purposes:
Your IP address
Your top level domain name (e.g. .com, .net, .gov etc)
The date and time of your visit to the site
The pages accessed and documents downloaded
Time spent on individual pages
Time spent overall on the site
Browser type and version
Referring site (eg search engine)
This information is analysed to determine the site’s usage statistics.
No attempt will be made to identify users or their browsing activities except, in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect our service provider’s logs.
Interconnect Systems retains the e-mail address of people who send an e-mail to us via the “Contact Us” facilities, for the purpose of sending a response. They will not be used for any other purpose nor disclosed without your consent.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information placed on your PC either to store information required to operate a function, or to record your preferences when browsing a site.
In general, this website is a cookie-free site, but from time to time some functions may use cookies to record information necessary for the proper functioning of the site.
Interconnect Systems will not retain information from cookies.
Users seeking more information about cookies in general are referred to W3C “The World Wide Web Consortium”, where a search on the word “cookie” will provide current discussions.
Menu
Please fill out the form below to subscribe to our newsletter
First name*Last name*Email*
PhonePhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
CLOSE