http://intelligentlookup.com/privacy-policy/
(240) 243-4457
Skip to content
Home
About Us
Data Append
Network Appliance
Phone Append
Phone Verification
Reverse Lookup
Email Append
Do-Not-Call Indicator
NCOA by the US Postal Service
Consumer Demographics
Marketing Lists
Industry Solutions
Call Centers
Recruiters & Hiring Agencies
Voter & Constituent Files
Loyalty & Retention Programs
Insurance & Warranty Programs
Financial Communications
File Transfer
Send a File
FAQs
Satisfaction Guarantee
Imperfect Data
Reviews
Contact Us
Send a File
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Request A Quote
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Overview
This policy covers how Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc treats business information that Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc collects and receives, including information related to your past use of Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc products and services. Business information is information like contact name(s), address, email address(es), or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
This policy covers how Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc handles customer files and information contained within those files.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc does not own or control, or to people that Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc does not employ or manage.
Customer Information
Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you’ve requested. We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc communicate with you about offers from Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information. The collection and use of personal or company identifiable information from files is for service purposes only. All information disclosed within files is held in strict confidence and under NO circumstances are reproduced for commercial purposes.
File Transfer Security
Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc takes your security seriously and takes reasonable steps to protect your information. No data transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. The following is a summary of the measures Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc takes to protect your information and descriptions of ways we implement these measures for different types of information you may provide to us. Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc uses GlobalSCAPE’s EFT Server’s FIPS certified encryption for transmitting files through the ILS Secure Site. An icon resembling a padlock is displayed on the bottom of most browsers window during SSL transactions. The information you upload will be stored securely on our servers.
Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc maintains reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.
Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc works with vendors and partners to protect the security and privacy of user information.
Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc limits access to personal information about you to those employees who we reasonably believe need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
Credit Card Payments
Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc uses PayPal, Inc to receive payment for services rendered. PayPal’s legal agreements and privacy policies can be found on this link
Our Website
When you browse the Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc web site, you do so anonymously unless you choose to provide us information about yourself. If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the Web site—reading pages, viewing photographs, or downloading information for example—we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally, you do so anonymously. Personal information — including your E-mail address– is not collected.
Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc provides you with the opportunity to opt out of receiving general and marketing communications. All such communications provide an opt-out option. Simply click on the opt-out link included in the footer of each message.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc., please contact:
Privacy Officer
Intelligent Lookup Services, Inc.
2 Professional Dr Ste 212
Gaithersburg, MD 20879-3420
Search for:
Send A File To Process
Mailing Lists for Home Service Industries
Intelligent Lookup Services
2 Professional Drive, Suite 212 - Gaithersburg, MD 20879-3420
Home
About Us
Products & Services
How It Works
Testimonials
FAQs
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms
© 2020 Copyright Intelligent Lookup Services. All Rights Reserved.