http://internetmarketingengine.com/privacy-security.html
Privacy
HomePrivacy Policy and Security
Privacy Policy and Security
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. Internet Marketing
Engine does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you
with other people or organizations.
Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable
such as your name, address, phone number and email address and that
is not otherwise publicly available.
As a visitor to this site, you can engage in many activities without
providing any personal information. We do not collect personal information
about you in respect of any of our free online tools and services, nor
about your use of our website.
When a person orders our products or services online, we must collect
the purchaser's name, email address, mailing address, credit card number,
and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill orders, to
provide notification of the order status, to enable us to verify transactions
and customer details and to retain accurate records for legal and accounting
purposes.
We will keep your information secure. Only properly authorized people
are permitted to see or use it. No record of the purchaser's credit
card number and/or expiration date is retained on our web server.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse
and alteration of the information under our control.
About to commence or update your own online store?
Features of an effective online store
Planning your store
Our Services
Building Site Traffic
Online Advertising
Converting More Sales
Ecommerce Analysis
Online Store & Shopping Cart
Development
Miva Merchant Store and Shopping
Cart for Australia
Web Site Evaluation
Competitive & Market Research
Web Business Tools and Tips
OAC's Web Page Analyzer
Website Management Tips from OAC
Internet Marketing Engine - Web business consultants to small & mid-size organizations
Privacy and Security
Phone: Chicago +1 (708) 401-0421 or Melbourne, Australia +61 (3) 9670-1165
Copyright © 2000-2008 Internet Marketing Engine Australia USA. All rights reserved.
Our policies:About Us|Contact Us|Site Map|Home