https://intercom.help/oneliner/nl/articles/3435726-privacybeleid
Alle verzamelingen
Juridisch
Privacybeleid
Privacybeleid
Wat is Oneliners privacybeleid?
Geschreven door
Jeroen De Smet
Meer dan een week geleden bijgewerkt
Privacy PolicyLast updated on September 4th, 2019.Oneliner Translations (“Oneliner,” “we,” or “us”) knows that you care how information about you is used and shared. This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by Oneliner when you use Oneliner.be and/or related Oneliner software and services (the “Service”), how the information will be used, and how you can control the collection, correction and/or deletion of information. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.Information We CollectUser-Provided Information: As part of using the Service, you may be required to provide certain information in order to register and set up an account (“Registration Data”). If you correspond with us by email, we may retain the content of your email messages, your email address and our responses.Cookie Information: When you visit Oneliner.be, we may send one or more cookies – a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters – to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. A cookie does not collect personal information about you. Oneliner uses both session cookies and persistent cookies. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Service may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.Log File Information: Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page. When you view Oneliner.be or our related websites, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.How We Use Your InformationUser-Provided Information: By providing Oneliner your email address you consent to our using the email address to send you Service-related notices, including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail. As part of our registration process we will also ask your permission to use your email address to send you other messages, such as newsletters, changes to features of the Service, or special offers.Oneliner may use certain information about you without identifying you as an individual to third parties. We do this for purposes such as analyzing how the Service is used, diagnosing service or technical problems, maintaining security, and improve the Service.We use cookies and log file information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our service; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors and traffic; and (e) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP.How We Share Your InformationPersonally Identifiable Information: Oneliner will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others and will not share it with others except as provided herein. Oneliner may share your personally identifiable information with third parties solely for the purpose of providing services to you. If we do this, such third parties’ use of your information will be bound by this Privacy Policy. We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of Oneliner (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers).As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Customer, email, and visitor information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions. We may also transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, or dissolution.Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, Oneliner will not disclose personal information to any third party unless required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the law, comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities; (b) to enforce our rights, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, or to protect the security or integrity of our site; and (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Oneliner, our users or others.Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third parties to help them and us understand usage of the Service.How We Protect Your InformationOneliner makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Oneliner and you do so at your own risk.Compromise of Personal InformationIn the event that personal information is compromised as a result of a breach of security, Oneliner will promptly notify those persons whose personal information has been compromised, in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise required by applicable law.Your Choices About Your InformationYou may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable information to Oneliner, in which case Oneliner will not be able to provide the Service to you. You can review and correct the information about you that Oneliner keeps on file by contacting us directly at info@oneliner.be.Children’s PrivacyProtecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, Oneliner does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 is allowed to provide any personal information to or on Oneliner. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at info@oneliner.be.Notification ProceduresIt is our policy to provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to you via email notice or through conspicuous posting of such notice on our Website page, as determined by Oneliner in its sole discretion. We reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you, provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in this Privacy Policy.Based in BelgiumOur center of operation is in Belgium. Your data is held in Belgium and transactions are processed in € on servers in Belgium. As such, all data is held in accordance with Belgian laws and procedures which differ from those in other regions of the world, such as the US. By using this service, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to these data policies.Changes to Our Privacy PolicyIf we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our website. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or Oneliner's privacy practices, please contact us at info@oneliner.be.
Heeft u het antwoord gevonden?