http://interiorsofmaryland.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy:
Interiors of Maryland ("Interiors of Maryland")
operates http://interiorsofmaryland.com/ and may operate other websites. It
is Interiors of Maryland's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Interiors of Maryland collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Interiors of Maryland's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Interiors of Maryland's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Interiors of Maryland may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Interiors of Maryland also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://interiorsofmaryland.com/
blogs/sites. Interiors of Maryland only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Interiors of Maryland's websites choose to interact
with Interiors of Maryland in ways that require Interiors of Maryland to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Interiors of Maryland gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at http://interiorsofmaryland.com/ to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Interiors of Maryland are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Interiors of Maryland collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Interiors of Maryland. Interiors of Maryland does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Interiors of Maryland may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Interiors of Maryland may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Interiors of Maryland does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Interiors of Maryland discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Interiors of Maryland's behalf or to provide services available
at Interiors of Maryland's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Interiors of Maryland's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Interiors of Maryland will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Interiors of Maryland discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Interiors of Maryland believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Interiors of Maryland, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Interiors of Maryland website and have supplied your email address, Interiors of Maryland
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Interiors of Maryland and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Interiors of Maryland takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Interiors of Maryland uses cookies to
help Interiors of Maryland identify and track visitors, their usage of Interiors of Maryland
website, and their website access preferences. Interiors of Maryland visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Interiors of Maryland's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Interiors of Maryland's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Interiors of Maryland, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Interiors of Maryland goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Interiors of Maryland may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Interiors of Maryland and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Interiors of Maryland may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Interiors of Maryland's sole
discretion. Interiors of Maryland encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a http://interiorsofmaryland.com/ account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search for:
Categories
Business
Business Plans
Busniess
Children
Construction
E-Commerce Business
Entrepreneurship
Guide
Home
Import Business
Interior
Invention
Monitor Review
productivity
Project Risk
Real Estate
Tips and Tricks
Recent Posts
Lehigh Valley Etsy Shops
Put the Green Movement in Your Home Improvement
A Gazebo Will Enhance the Enjoyment of Your Outdoor Activities
American Icon Paul Newman Succumbs to Cancer at 83
Construct with Care – a “Real” Real Estate Checklist
TagsAccountability
brabble
Building Construction
business management models
Business Plan
Business Plans
Climate Science
Come Together
Competition Research
Construction
Customer Complaints
Customer Feedback
Decision Making
effective community business
Employee Volunteering Programs
Energy Efficiency
entrepreneuriship
entrepreneurship
Essential Plan
Ethical business practices
Expensive Technology
Human Resources
learning organization
manufacturing
Marketing
Merchant Account
Navigational Tool
Open Communication
patrick mackaronis
product launch
Products and Services
Qualitative Approach
Quantitative Approach
real estate
Reasons to Import
Reconstruction
reputation management
Risk Analysis
Risk Factors
Strategic Planning
stress
stress management
strong partnership
Support and Education
Time Management