https://intumescentseals.co.uk/privacy-policy/
01223 832851
info@intumescentseals.co.uk
×
Login
|
Register
Menu
Home
About
All Products
Fire Door Seals
Fire Glazing Seals
Ironmongery Protection
Structural Fire Seals
Technical Downloads
FAQ
News
Contact
Privacy Policy
DIG Third Party Privacy Notice
Our commitment to your privacy
This note explains:
From where we collected your personal data.
The personal data we collect.
Your personal data rights.
Your right to withdraw your consent to us processing your personal data.
How we use your personal data.
Sharing of your personal data.
How long we keep your personal data.
How you can access your personal data.
If you have any questions about this notice please email sales@dig.co.uk
From where we collected your personal data
If you make a purchase or an enquiry requesting information from Dixon International Group Limited we collect from you and store, in our database, your name, postal and email addresses, telephone numbers, name of your employer and job title.
If you are a supplier we will also collect from you and store in our database your organisation’s bank details.
We always ensure that we have a lawful basis for processing personal data that we collect. In this case the lawful basis is: performance of a contract the individual is a party to; compliance with a legal obligation.
Your personal data rights
Your have the right to request access to your personal data, amendments to it and for it to be deleted.
Further information about these rights can be found in our data protection policy.
How we use your personal data
We store your personal data in the UK and use it data only responsibly and lawfully:
To endure we deal efficiently with your enquiries/purchases/supply arrangements.
To help us maintain the accuracy of the personal data we hold please let us know if the data we hold becomes out of date or inaccurate.
Sharing your personal data
We only share your personal data with a third party only in limited circumstances:
When we are required to disclose it by law.
With our professional advisers who are required, by law, to keep your data confidential.
The data controller collecting your personal data is Dixon International Group Limited.
How long we keep your personal data
We retain your data only as long as is necessary to comply with our legal obligations and our obligations to you.
How you can access your personal data
You can ask us for a copy of your personal data that we hold on you by emailing sales@dig.co.uk. We will ask you for identity confirmation in order to process your request. You can also ask us to make corrections to data you consider to be inaccurate using the same procedure.
Our website does not require you to input personal data to use it. You may however volunteer personal data such as your name and email address to request information.
Sales and Technical Support
An Intumescent Seals expert is on standby with all the information you need for your sales related enquiries and to provide you with all the technical information you need for your bespoke solution or product.