https://investorsheritage.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Effective date: September 7, 2018
Investors Heritage Life Insurance Company (“Investors Heritage”, “us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the investorsheritage.com website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and communicate with us by email and the choices you have associated with that data. It pertains only to the Service, and not to collection, use, or disclosure of personal data offline. This Privacy Policy supplements any privacy policy you may receive as a customer and should be read together with such policy.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions of Use, accessible from investorsheritage.com.
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page and noting the effective date of the modified version of the Privacy Policy above. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ Personal Data (as defined below), we will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are responsible for ensuring we have current active and deliverable email address for you and for visiting the Service and this Privacy Policy periodically to check for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
By accessing or using the Service or affirmatively indicating agreement, you agree to this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy constitutes acceptance of those changes. If you do not agree to be bound by the Privacy Policy, your choice is not to use the Service.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
We collect data directly when you provide it to us and automatically as you navigate the Service. Some of the information we collect may be Personal Data (as defined below) and some may be about you though it does not identify you individually. We also collect information about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access the Service, and usage details.
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, City State, ZIP/Postal code
Policy numbers
Usage Data
We collect information about how you access and use the Service (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. We collect this information through automatic data collection technologies as you navigate and interact with the Service.
Even if the information we collect automatically does not include Personal Data, if we maintain it or associate it with Personal Data we collect in other ways or receive from third parties, we treat it all as Personal Data.
Other Data
We may also collect information about your internet connection and the equipment you use to access the Service. We collect information from you through correspondence you send and you provide information to us when you complete and submit the “Find an Agent,” “Service Request,” “Contact Us,” and/or other forms on the Service.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
A cookie is a small data file that we store on your computer to keep track of what happens during your visit and to recognize the computer.   A cookie is not a program and does not contain viruses. Cookies are required to make the website work and they also help us to gain an overview of your use of the website so that we can continually optimize and focus the website to your needs and interests.  Examples of Cookies we use include:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service. Session cookies expire when you close your browser.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes, such as authenticating users.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use certain parts of our Service. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our website.
We also use beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service. A web beacon is a graphic image placed on a web site or an email and used to monitor the behavior of the user visiting the website or sending the email.
We may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services.
How We Respond to Do Not Track Signals
We engage in online behavioral advertising. We track your browsing activities when we serve you content so that we can tailor the display of advertisements for our services to you on third party websites. This information may identify a browser, but is not personally identifiable. Please see the section below entitled “Service Providers” to see how third parties may collect information about your activities over time and across websites when you use our Service.
California law requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals. Some web browsers allow you to set a feature that will cause the browser to send a DNT signal to websites you visit to indicate you do not wish to be tracked, but not all websites respond to DNT signals and the standards regarding the DNT signals and appropriate responses are not defined. Investors Heritage responds to DNT signals. If the DNT signal is set before a device visits the Service, the Service will not set cookies unless you log in. If you log in to the Service, you are opting to allow the Service to ignore the DNT setting and use cookies in order to provide you with a personalized experience.
Use of Data
Investors Heritage uses the collected data for various purposes, including:
To provide, maintain, and improve the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To track interest in our career opportunities
To provide you with advertisements and promotional materials
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and Investors Heritage
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide the data
For any other purpose with your consent
To market our products and services to those customers who use the Service
Transfer of Data
This Service is intended only for users in the United States. Anyone who accesses the Service from outside the United States does so at their own risk.
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information to the Service represents your agreement to that transfer.
Investors Heritage will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
We may disclose aggregated information about our users and information that does not identify an individual without restriction.
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or that you provide to us as described in this Privacy Policy
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties who provide us with services and/or support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Data confidential and to use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them, including without limitation membership organizations to which you belong that may market our services to you
To a buyer or other successor in interest in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Investors Heritage’s assets
To third parties when necessary to fulfill the purpose for which you provide the Personal Data
For any other purpose we disclose when you provide the information
As permitted by law
With your consent
We do not disclose Personal Data to third parties for them to use in marketing their own goods or services.
Legal Requirements
In addition to disclosing Personal Data for the reasons described above, Investors Heritage may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation (including by responding to any government or regulatory request)
To enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions of Use, of which this Privacy Policy forms a part and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes
To protect and defend the rights or property of Investors Heritage (including for the purpose of exchanging information with third parties for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction)
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
We will not disclose your Personal Data to any other person except our affiliates and other nonaffiliated third parties that perform marketing and other services on our behalf and with whom we have joint marketing or service agreements and who have agreed to follow appropriate standards of security and confidentiality.
Security of Data
Investors Heritage protects the information it collects by maintaining physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that meet or exceed requirements of applicable federal and state law.
The security of your information also depends on you. Where you have been given (or have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of the Service, you are responsible for keeping the password confidential. Do not share your password with anyone.
While the security of your data is very important to us, you must remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data and comply with all applicable laws and regulations, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Any transmission of Personal Data is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Career
We may use third party service providers to facilitate our recruitment efforts.
Indeed
Indeed is a service that connects job seekers with employers offering career opportunities. In the course of performing services for Investors Heritage, Indeed may collect data and process data about job seekers who visit the job opportunities pages of our Service: https://www.ihlic.com/job_opportunities.php. Indeed may use cookies. Indeed uses the data collected to track the visitors to the Service and to provide information to us about visits to our job opportunities page
Indeed’s privacy policy applies to the data it collects and processes. For more information about the privacy practices of Indeed, please visit the Indeed privacy policy: https://www.indeed.com/legal#cookies
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
You can set your browser to refuse some or all browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, some parts of the Service may be inaccessible to you or may not function properly.
Some web browsers allow you to set a feature that will cause the browser to send a DNT signal to websites you visit to indicate you do not wish to be tracked. If your browser sends a DNT signal to our Service, the Service will not set cookies unless you log in. If you log in to the Service, you are opting to allow the Service to ignore the DNT setting and use cookies in order to provide you with a personalized experience.
If you do not want us to use your email address to promote our products or services, you can opt-out by by sending us an email stating your request at the email address set forth in the Contact Us section below. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future promotional email distributions.
You may send us an email at the email address set forth in the Contact Us section below to request access to, correct, or delete any Personal Data you have provided to us. We cannot delete your Personal Data except by also deleting your account and possibly by discontinuing other services. We may not accommodate a request to change Personal Data or other information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. If we do not agree that the information you want to correct is incorrect, you have the right to submit a short statement of dispute, which we will place in your file and include in any future disclosure of information.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, do not use or provide Personal Data through this Service. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers. If you believe we may have any information from or about a child under the age of 18, please contact us using the contact information set forth in the Contact Us section below.
California Privacy Rights
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: ihlic@ihlic.com
By visiting this page on our website: ihlic.com/contact-us
By phone number: 800-422-2011
By mail: PO Box 717, Frankfort, KY 40602-0717