https://investorsheritage.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Last Modified: May 31, 2019
These Website Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms of Use”) are entered into by and between you and Investors Heritage Life Insurance Company (“We” or the “Company”). The Terms of Use, together with the Privacy Policy and other documents expressly incorporated by reference (collectively, the “Agreement”) govern your access to and use of ihlic.com, investorsheritage.com, doorway.ihlic.com, and client.ihlic.com (collectively, the “Site”). These Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy apply to ihlic.com, including all subdomains.
Please review the Agreement carefully before you access or use the Site. By using the Site or by clicking to agree to the Agreement when this option is presented, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by the Agreement. If you do not want to agree to this Agreement, you must not access or use the Site.
1. The Site is offered and available to users who have reached the age of majority and reside in the United States (including its territories or possessions). By using this Site, you represent and warrant that you have reached the age of majority and reside in the United States. If you do not meet all these requirements, you must not access or use the Site.
2. Modifications to Terms of Use. We may modify these Terms of Use from time to time in our sole discretion. All changes will be effective immediately upon posting and applying to all access to and use of the Site thereafter. By continuing to use the Site after the modified Terms of Use are posted, you agree to be bound by the modifications. Check this page periodically so that you are aware of any changes as they are binding on you.
3. Access to Site. We may modify the Site and any part of the service or material we provide on the Site in our sole discretion and without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Site is unavailable at any time for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Site or the entire Site to users, including registered users. You are solely responsible for making all arrangements necessary to access the Site. You are solely responsible for ensuring that anyone who accesses the Site through your Internet connection is aware of this Agreement and complies.
4. Accuracy and Security.
o Accuracy. To access some of its features on the Site, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. You represent that all the information you provide on or through the Site is correct, current, and complete. You acknowledge that this is a condition of your use of the Site.
o Security. If you choose or are provided with a user name, password, or credentials as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to this Site or portions of it using your user name, password, or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. We have the right to disable any user name, password, or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any reason or no reason, including if in our opinion you have violated any provision of this Agreement.
5. Intellectual Property Rights.
o General. You acknowledge that the Site and its entire contents, features, and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video, and audio, and the design, selection, and arrangement of the foregoing) are owned by the Company, its licensors, or other providers of such material and are protected by U.S. and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
o Trademarks. The Company name, INVESTORS HERITAGE LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, the mark INVESTORS HERITAGE, the tag lines YOUR FUTURE. OUR LIFE’S WORK, and YOUR LEGACY. OUR LIFE’S WORK, the Company’s logos/design marks, and other indicia are marks solely owned by the Company or its affiliates or licensors. You must not use such marks. Other names, logos, tag lines, and product or service names on the Site may be marks of their respective owners.
6. Permission and Limitations.
o Permission. This Agreement permits you to use the Site solely for non-commercial purposes, including (a) accessing agent materials and information for internal business uses (if you are an agent) and/or (b) accessing your policy information for personal uses (if you are a policy holder). Materials expressly made available for download by agents may be downloaded and shared with customers at no charge, but not modified in any way. Materials expressly made available for download by policy holders may be downloaded, but
o not be modified in any way. You must not otherwise reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store, or transmit any of the material on our Site except: (a) your computer may temporarily store copies of such materials in RAM incidental to your accessing and viewing those materials; (b) you may store files that are automatically cached by your web browser for display enhancement purposes; and (c) you may print one copy of a reasonable number of pages of the Site for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for further reproduction, publication, or distribution.
o Limitation. You must not modify copies of any materials from this Site, and you must not delete or alter any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices from copies of the materials from this Site. You must access and use the Site and any services or materials available through the Site only for the non-commercial, internal business or personal purposes set forth above and you may not commercialize the Site or its materials in any way. If you violate this Agreement, your right to use the Site will terminate immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. No right, title, or interest in or to the Site or any content on the Site is transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted are hereby expressly reserved by the Company. Any use of the Site not expressly permitted by this Agreement is a breach of this Agreement and may violate intellectual property and other laws.
7. You may use the Site only for lawful purposes in accordance with this Agreement. You shall not use the Site (a) in any way that violates any applicable laws or regulations; (b) to exploit, harm, or attempt to exploit or harm others in any way; (c) to send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use, or re-use any material that is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory, promotes sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age, infringes any intellectual property or other rights of any third party, violates the legal rights (including rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contains any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations, that is likely to deceive a person, that promotes any illegal activity or advocates, promotes, or assists any unlawful act, that causes annoyance, inconvenience, or needless anxiety or is likely to upset, embarrass, alarm, or annoy another person or may otherwise conflict with this Agreement; (d) to transmit, procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material, including any junk mail, chain letter, spam, or any other similar solicitation; (e) to impersonate or attempt to impersonate (or create the misimpression of endorsement by) the Company, a Company employee, another user, or any other person or entity (including without limitation by using email addresses or user names associated with any of the foregoing); (f) to engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone’s use or enjoyment of the Site, or may harm the Company or users of the Site or expose them to liability as determined in our sole discretion; (g) in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the Site or interfere with any other party’s use of the Site; (h) by accessing it via robot, spider, or other automatic device, process, or means to access the Site for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material of the Site; (i) by using any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Site or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent; (j) by using any device, software, or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Site; (k) by introducing any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful; (l) by attempting to gain unauthorized access to, interfering with, damaging, or disrupting any parts of the Site, the server on which the Site is stored, or any server, computer, or database connected to the Site; (m) by attacking the Site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack; (n) by otherwise attempting to interfere with the proper working of the Site.
8. Suspension and Termination. We have the right to take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law enforcement for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to cooperate fully with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone transmitting any materials through the Site. You agree to hold harmless the Company and its affiliates, licensees, and service providers from any claims resulting from any action taken by the foregoing parties as a consequence of investigations by either such parties or law enforcement authorities. We have the right to terminate or suspend your access to some or all of the Site for no reason or any reason, including without limitation any violation of this Agreement. We assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications, or content provided by any user or third party. We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities described in this section. We may disable, suspend, or remove any part of the Site or its content at any time if we are required to do so by one of our licensors or suppliers, if we determine that such portion of the Site or its content violates applicable law or third-party rights, if you have breached your obligations under this Agreement or for other reasons.
9. No Reliance. The information presented on or through the Site is made available solely for general information purposes. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of this information. We are under no obligation to update material on the Site or keep it current. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by you or any other visitor to the Site, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
10. All information we collect on this Site is subject to our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into these Terms of Use by this reference. By using the Site, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information that are consistent with the Privacy Policy.
11. You may link to our home page, so long as you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it by implying any endorsement or association. The Site may provide certain social media features. You may use these features solely as they are provided by us and solely with respect to the content they are displayed with (and subject to any additional terms and conditions we may provide in connection with such features). You shall not establish a link from any website that you do not own, cause the Site to be displayed on or appear to be displayed by any other site through framing deep linking, or in-line linking, link to any part of the Site other than the homepage, or take any action with respect to the materials on the Site that is inconsistent with any other provisions of this Agreement. You shall cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or link immediately to stop. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. If the Site contains links to other websites and resources provided by third parties, these are provided for your convenience only. We have no control over the contents of those websites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. If you decide to access any of the third-party websites inked to this Site, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites.
12. United States Based. We are based in the Commonwealth of Kentucky in the United States. We provide this Site for use only by persons located in the United States. We make no claims that the Site or any of its content is accessible or appropriate outside of the United States. Access to the Site may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Site from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
13. Representations, Warranties, Disclaimers.
o Representations and Warranties. You represent and warrant that you are in the United States and that you have reached the age of majority. You represent and warrant that you have the legal power and authority to enter into this Agreement without consent from any third party, that you have not falsely identified yourself nor provided any false information to us or through the Site, and that all information provided is true, accurate, unaltered, complete, and correct, and will contain no untrue statement or omission of material fact. You warrant that you will comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
o Disclaimer. You understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading from the Internet or the Site will be free of viruses or other destructive code. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures to satisfy your particular requirements for anti-virus protection and accuracy of data input and output and for maintaining a means external to the Site for reconstructing lost data. To the maximum extent permitted by law, we make no representation or warranty regarding the Site or the information and content provided through the Site and we expressly disclaim all other warranties, whether express or implied, including any warranty of non-infringement, any implied warranty of merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose, any warranty regarding information accuracy, any warranty that access to the Site will be uninterrupted or error-free, any warranty regarding quality, accuracy, timeliness, suitability, usability, completeness, security, availability, or condition of the Site or information, and any warranty that the Site will operate with any particular hardware, software, system, or data. Your use of the Site and any information or content obtained through the Site is at your own risk. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Site and related content and information are provided on an “as-is” and “as available” basis with all faults. We shall not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other forms of contamination or destructive materials that affect your computer equipment, software, data, or other property on account of your access to or use of the Site or your downloading of any documents posted on the Site or on any website linked to the Site. The foregoing does not affect any warranties that cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
14. Limitation of Liability. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, to the maximum extent permitted by law, under no circumstances will we or our licensors be liable to you for any incidental, special, indirect, punitive, exemplary, or consequential damages of any kind or nature, including without limitation, loss of revenues, business or profits, loss of data, business interruption, regardless of the form of action, whether in contract, tort, strict product liability, or otherwise, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. We assume no responsibility and shall not be liable for any damages caused by viruses or other forms of contamination or destructive features that may affect your computer equipment, software, data, or other property as a consequence of your access to or use of the Site. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, to the maximum extent permitted by law, under no circumstances will we be liable to you for any damages in excess of the amount you paid to us under this Agreement during the twelve-month period immediately preceding the cause of action. The foregoing does not affect any liability that cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law, including gross negligence or willful misconduct.
15. You shall indemnify, defend, hold harmless, and reimburse us for all claims, judgments, settlements, causes of action, damages, deficiencies, fines, penalties, losses, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and disbursements of counsel) arising out of or related to any third party claim that (a) if true, would indicate that you breached the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and (b) arises out of or relates to your use of the Site.
16. Governing law and Venue. This Agreement is governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky (without regard to conflicts of laws). You hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in Franklin County, Kentucky for all disputes arising out of this Agreement or the relationship between us.
17. No Assignment. This Agreement is binding on and benefits the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. You shall not assign or delegate any of your rights or obligations under this Agreement.
18. Limitations on Actions. You must bring any cause of action or claim you may have that arises out of this Agreement or your use of the Site within one year of the date the cause of action accrues, otherwise, such cause of action will be permanently barred.
19. Waivers. None of this Agreement’s provisions may be waived except in writing signed by the party charged with waiving its rights. No waivers shall be implied, whether from any custom or course of dealing or any delay or failure in a party’s exercise of its rights and remedies hereunder or otherwise. Any waiver granted by a party shall not obligate such party to grant any further, similar, or other waivers.
20. Remedies. Except as otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement, all remedies are cumulative, and the exercise or partial exercise of any such right or remedy shall not preclude the exercise of any other. You acknowledge that the covenants contained in this Agreement are reasonable and necessary to protect our legitimate business interests. A breach or threatened breach of the intellectual property provisions of this Agreement may irreparably harm us. Accordingly, in the event of an actual or threatened breach of this Agreement, we shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief, specific performance, or both in addition to all other remedies available to us at law or in equity in such circumstances.
21. Relationship. The parties are independent contractors. Nothing in this Agreement shall create any partnership, agency, or other fiduciary relationship between them.
22. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by a tribunal of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be limited to the minimum extent necessary to allow the remaining provisions of the Agreement to remain in full force and effect.
23. Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including the documents incorporated by reference) is the entire agreement between the parties, superseding any and all other prior or contemporaneous agreements, promises or representations between them regarding the subject matter of this Agreement.
24. Contact. This Site is operated by Investors Heritage Life Insurance Company. All communications relating to this Site should be directed to:
By email: ihlic@ihlic.com
By visiting this page on the Site: investorsheritage.com/contact-us
By phone number: 800-422-2011
By mail: PO BOX 717 200 Capital Ave, Frankfort, KY 40602-0717