https://involve.vc/privacy-notice/
Who we are
What we do
What we’ve done
What we know
Contact Us
×
Search
Find more information on any product or service and articles from our knowledge base.
Search
×
Search
Find more information on any product or service and articles from our knowledge base.
Latest from the knowledgebase
G-Cloud 12: Involve & G...
Posted on 16 October 2020By
Jason Ward
North West Boroughs Healthcare NHS...
Posted on 9 September 2020By
Amy Redfearn
Microsoft Teams Interoperability by medio.link
Posted on 19 August 2020By
Kev Talbot
×
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"]
contact details
Contact Name:
Alison Horsfield
Address:
Involve Visual Collaboration Ltd
Martin Dawes House
Europa Boulevard
Warrington
WA5 7WH
E-mail:
ahorsfield@involve.vc
Tel. No.:
01925 918187
From receipt of your request and relevant proof of ID, Involve has one month to respond with the appropriate information. Involve will keep you informed if there any delays in this process due to additional complexities or requests at the time.
If Involve has to refuse your request, we will provide you with a reason why. You have a right to lodge a complaint directly with the UK Supervisory Authority. Please see Complaints below.
Other Important Information
Information Security
Involve have an Information Security Management System which is accredited to ISO27001 Information Security Management Standards. This means that Involve uses appropriate secure methods to store, use and delete your information, using restricted access, password protection and encryption techniques to reduce the risks of a data breach; accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration or unauthorised disclosure of information.
Lawful Basis for Processing Your Information
Involve collects and processes your information using one of the following lawful reasons:
Consent – you have freely given informed, clear consent for us to process your information for a specific purpose; you can withdraw consent at any time by using the unsubscribe option in any marketing email or through the Involve Data Subject Consent Withdrawal form by contacting the Data Protection Officer
Contract – collecting and processing your information is necessary for the preparation or performance of a contract for Involve products and services
Legal obligation – collecting and processing your information is necessary to comply with UK Law, such as tax records
Legitimate interests – collecting and processing your information is necessary for the legitimate interests of Involve and staff members of limited companies, incorporated partnerships, local authorities and government institutions, who need to kept informed as they may potentially require Involve products and services
Complaints
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how your information is being collected and processed by Involve, or how your information request has been handled, you have a right to lodge a complaint directly with either Involve’s Data Protection Officer or the UK Supervisory Authority. Their contact details for your information:
UK Supervisory Authority
Involve Data Protection Officer
Contact Name:
Information Governance Department
Alison Horsfield
Address:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Involve Visual Collaboration Ltd
Martin Dawes House
Europa Boulevard
Warrington
WA5 7WH
E-mail:
accessicoinformation@ico.org.uk
ahorsfield@involve.vc
Tel. No.:
0303 123 1113
01925 918187
Cookies
Website usage information is collected using cookies.  We use cookies to track your browsing and optimise our website and marketing efforts by using visitor tracking software.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings.  To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and to manage and delete them visit www.aboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Below are the types of cookies being used on our website:-
User identification cookie – This holds a unique reference which identifies the visitor each time that they return to the site.  This cookie is held for a 10 year duration.  If a user upgrades their browser within this time, the cookies will be cleared.
Session identification cookie – This holds a unique reference which allows the current tracking to be related to a single session. This cookie is held for 30 minutes.
Pop-up window – This records the current state of the pop-up window.  This cookie is held for the duration of the user’s session.
Temporary cookies – These are used to ensure that the data which has been captured is recorded and transmitted to the servers. These cookies are deleted after a positive response is received from the tracking servers.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites.  This Privacy Notice only applies to this website so when linked to other websites you should read their own privacy notices.
Contact
If you would like any further information about this Privacy Notice, please contact the Involve Data Protection Officer, Alison Horsfield, who can be contacted by email ahorsfield@involve.vc or telephone on 01925 918187.
Our address is Involve Visual Collaboration Ltd, Martin Dawes House, Europa Boulevard, Westbrook, Warrington, WA5 7WH.
Our Accreditations
© Involve 2020
Terms & Conditions
This website use's cookies. You can opt out from using cookies clicking no, however this may have an impact on the quality of experience you may have from using this website.OkNoRead more