https://iprex.com/privacy-policy/
hi
Privacy Policy
Who is the controller? IPREX Inc., Manor Oak Two, Suite 990, 1910 Cochran Road, Pittsburgh, PA 15220, USA
1. Website visitors
This privacy policy sets out how IPREX uses and protects any information provided and/or
collected when you use the website www.iprex.com.
All information provided will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy. We may change this policy by updating this page. Please check regularly to be informed of any modifications. This policy is effective from 22 May 2018.
What data do we process and why?
Our website offers you the opportunity to contact us or agencies whose details appear on the site.
We only process identification data you provided us with when contacting us (such as your name, surname, position, professional email address, postal address, phone number and any relevant information) for the purposes of answering your questions and maintaining contact with you.
We also use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive in an area specifically designated for cookies. You can see our cookie policy here.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer:
Internet Explorer
Google Chrome
Firefox
Safari
Please be aware that disabling cookies can affect the functionality and features of this website and may prevent you from taking full advantage of it.
Data are not sold or communicated to third parties unless it is required by law or by judicial or administrative authorities.
Your rights as data subject
In all the above-mentioned cases and in compliance with the conditions set out in the GDPR, you may at any time obtain information on the processing performed, the rectification of inaccurate data we may hold, the erasure of data or the restriction of the processing. You may also exercise your right to data portability or object to the processing of your personal data.
In such cases, please email the Executive Director or write to us at IPREX Inc., Manor Oak Two, Suite 990, 1910 Cochran Road, Pittsburgh, PA 15220, USA. We will promptly address your request.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is processed in a safe and secure way when stored in our computers. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. These technologies and measures are tested on a regular basis and updated if necessary.
Other websites
Our website contains links to enable you to visit websites of interest easily. However, you should note that we do not have any control over those other websites and cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites, which are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
2. Employees of IPREX partner agencies
In May 2018, new EU General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) came into force. Under the terms of this Regulation we are required to inform you about the data that we hold about you, how we use it and how you can access it.
PERSONAL DATA
This means data which can be used to identify individuals, such as names, surnames and email addresses.
What we use it for
To maintain contact with you – to send you invitations to webinars and meetings, alerts about new information on the intranet, news about IPREX developments etc. You can opt into or out of all elements of the intranet alerts system using the specifically-designed tools on the site.
To manage your IPREX membership – your subscription and event attendance, and to inform you about IPREX events and activities.
To track your engagement with IPREX (meetings attended, committees served on etc) to help you derive the maximum benefit from your relationship with IPREX
Where we store it and who has access
We store your data on the database that supports our online platform, where we retain only as much contact information as you have input. Only IPREX contracted staff can access this data, and we do not supply it to anyone outside IPREX.
AGENCY DATA
While this data is not specifically covered by GDPR, this policy also covers any agency contact details, information about your agency capabilities (agency description, client list, case studies, credentials decks etc) and any additional information you provide when responding to surveys.
For each agency, we also store the personal data of two main contacts (name, surname, contact details and brief biography – supplied by you) which are processed as mentioned above (see Personal Data) in compliance with GDPR.
What we use it for
To provide other IPREX partners and visitors to the IPREX website with basic information about your agency when they look for particular skills, experience and locations in order to conduct business with your agency.
Where we store it and who has access
We store your data on the database that supports our online platform. We do not supply it to anyone outside IPREX.
Contact details of two main agency contacts are available to visitors to the IPREX website. When your agency leaves IPREX your details are deleted.
CONTACTS
To find out more about the data we hold, to request changes to your data or to ask questions, please contact David Watson, Executive Director, and Gilly Lloyd, Global Administrator by emailing update@iprex.com
Last updated 27th July 2018