https://irata.org/page/terms-and-conditions-of-use/
Sign up
Data Privacy
Contact Us
Sign up
Contact Us
Data Privacy
en
English
Login
+44 (0)1233 754 600
info@irata.org
Menu
Toggle navigation
HomeAboutHealth & SafetyPublicationsMembershipTechniciansExaminationsNews & MediaEvents
Search
Terms and Conditions of use
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our PRIVACY NOTICE govern IRATA International’s (herein known as ‘IRATA’) relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not continue to use our website.
The term ‘IRATA’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is IRATA International, 1st and 2nd, Floor Unit 3, The Eurogate Business Park, Ashford, Kent TN24 8XW. Our company registration number is 03426704. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
We do not guarantee that the website or any content on it will always be available or be uninterrupted. The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely and it is subject to change without notice. This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, the following personal information may be stored by us for use by third parties: information related to the browser or device you use to access our website; internet browser and operating system; information relating to your IP address
If you are provided with a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures or to enable you to log into the members’ area, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any other party unless it is someone in your organisation that you have authorised to use it, made them aware of these terms and accept responsibility for any breach by them of these or other terms on our website. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password at any time if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use. Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law. Whilst we do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so, your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements. We exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms that may apply to our site or any content on it and have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, loss of business opportunity or any indirect or consequential loss or damage. This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the COPYRIGHT NOTICE, which forms part of these terms and conditions. All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website. Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence. From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s). Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England and Wales.
Newsletter Sign Up
Become an IRATA Member
Verify a Technician
Visit our Gallery
Quick Links
+44 (0)1233 754 600
+44 (0)1233 754 601
info@irata.org
IRATA 1st and 2nd Floor, Unit 3,
The Eurogate Business Park,
Ashford, Kent TN24 8XW
Data Privacy
Terms and Conditions of Use
Copyright Notice
IRATA International © 2017. All Rights Reserved.
Company no. 03426704.
×
Search IRATA International Website