https://iti-ny.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | ITI
Upcoming CoursesValatie09/30/2020 - 10/28/2020Saratoga - New Location10/15/2020Long Island - Carle Place10/19/2020Staten Island10/20/2020View All Events
ITI News
Find a Class
Contact Us
Home
Course Schedule/Register
Course Description
Pricing
NYSDFS Links
ITI Blog
Privacy Policy
Home
Course Schedule/Register
Course Description
Pricing
NYSDFS Links
ITI Blog
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to www.ITI-NY.com
These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of the Insurance Training Institute’s
Websites https://iti-ny.com and http://itiny.com, herein referred to as iti-ny.com.
Insurance Training Institute
20 Spruce Street
Valatie, NY 12184
United States
By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms and conditions in full.
Do not continue to use Insurance Training Institute’s website if you do not accept all of the terms and
conditions stated on this page.
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice
and any or all Agreements: “Client”, “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website
and accepting the Company’s terms and conditions. “The Company”, “Ourselves”, “We”, “Our” and “Us”, refers
to our Company. “Party”, “Parties”, “Student” or “Us”, refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client
or ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake
the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings
of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respect
of provision of the Company’s stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing law
of United States. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural,
capitalization and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
Cookies
We may employ the use of cookies. By using Insurance Training Institute’s website you consent to the use of cookies
in accordance with Insurance Training Institute’s privacy policy.
Most of the modern day interactive web sites use cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit.
Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting.
Some of our affiliate/advertising partners may also use cookies.
License
Unless otherwise stated, Insurance Training Institute and/or it’s censors own the intellectual property rights for
all material on Insurance Training Institute. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may view and/or print
pages from https://iti-ny.com for your own personal use subject to restrictions set in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
Republish material from https://iti-ny.com
Sell, rent or sub-license material from https://iti-ny.com
Reproduce, duplicate or copy material from https://iti-ny.com
Redistribute content from www.iti-ny.com (unless content is specifically made for redistribution).
Hyperlinking to our Content
The following organizations may link to our Web site without prior written approval:
Government agencies;
Search engines;
News organizations;
Online directory distributors when they list us in the directory may link to our Web site in the same
manner as they hyperlink to the Web sites of other listed businesses; and
System wide Accredited Businesses except soliciting non-profit organizations, charity shopping malls,
and charity fundraising groups which may not hyperlink to our Web site.
These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Web site information so long
as the link: (a) is not in any way misleading; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or
approval of the linking party and its products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking
party’s site.
We may consider and approve in our sole discretion other link requests from the following types of organizations:
commonly-known consumer and/or business information sources such as Chambers of Commerce, American
Automobile Association, AARP and Consumers Union;
dot.com community sites;
associations or other groups representing charities, including charity giving sites,
online directory distributors;
internet portals;
accounting, law and consulting firms whose primary cents are businesses; and
educational institutions and trade associations.
We will approve link requests from these organizations if we determine that: (a) the link would not reflect
unfavorably on us or our accredited businesses (for example, trade associations or other organizations
representing inherently suspect types of business, such as work-at-home opportunities, shall not be allowed
to link); (b)the organization does not have an unsatisfactory record with us; (c) the benefit to us from
the visibility associated with the hyperlink outweighs the absence of www.iti-ny.com; and (d) where the
link is in the context of general resource information or is otherwise consistent with editorial content
in a newsletter or similar product furthering the mission of the organization.
These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Web site information so long as
the link: (a) is not in any way misleading; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval
of the linking party and it products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party’s
site.
If you are among the organizations listed in paragraph 2 above and are interested in linking to our website,
you must notify us by sending an e-mail to a “mailto:info@iti-ny.com”.
Please include your name, your organization name, contact information (such as a phone number and/or e-mail
address) as well as the URL of your site, a list of any URLs from which you intend to link to our Web site,
and a list of the URL(s) on our site to which you would like to link. Allow 2-3 weeks for a response.
Approved organizations may hyperlink to our Web site as follows:
By use of our corporate name; or
By use of the uniform resource locator (Web address) being linked to; or
By use of any other description of our Web site or material being linked to that makes sense within the
context and format of content on the linking party’s site.
No use of Insurance Training Institute’s logo or other artwork will be allowed for linking absent a trademark license
agreement.
Without prior approval and express written permission, you may not create frames around our Web pages or
use other techniques that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of our Web site.
Reservation of Rights
We reserve the right at any time and in its sole discretion to request that you remove all links or any particular
link to our Web site. You agree to immediately remove all links to our Web site upon such request. We also
reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions and its linking policy at any time. By continuing
to link to our Web site, you agree to be bound to and abide by these linking terms and conditions.
Removal of links from our website
If you find any link on our Web site or any linked web site objectionable for any reason, you may contact
us about this. We will consider requests to remove links but will have no obligation to do so or to respond
directly to you.
Whilst we endeavor to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness
or accuracy; nor do we commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on the
website is kept up to date.
Content liability
We shall have no responsibility or liability for any content appearing on your Web site. You agree to indemnify
and defend us against all claims arising out of or based upon your Website. No link(s) may appear on any
page on your Web site or within any context containing content or materials that may be interpreted as
libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or
other violation of, any third party rights.
How do We Collect Information?
We collect Your Data in the following basic ways:
You give it to us when you register as a Student for an event including but not limited
to webinars, signing up for a newsletter or making a comment on a blog or social media;
You give it to us in email inquiries or in your public comments;
We automatically collect Technical Information when you visit our Sites; and
We may obtain legally available information from outside sources, including State Regulatory Agencies, commercially available geographic and demographic information along with other publicly available information, such as public posts to social networking sites.
How Do We Use Your Data Collected at Our Sites?
We do not sell or rent any Personal Data supplied by you. We occasionally work with other companies, consultants, and contractors to provide limited services on our behalf, such as website hosting, public relations, mailing, answering customer questions about products and services, and sending information including but not limited to our research, white papers, policy positions and events. We will only provide those companies the Personal Data they need to perform the service for which they are retained and they agree to treat information confidentially and to only use it for the purposes of providing services under our agreement with them.
We may use Your Data to provide you with more effective customer service and to improve the Sites and any related products or services we may provide or make available.
We may use your Personal Data to provide you with important information about your license status.
We may use Technical Information to periodically analyze Site logs to assess aggregate usage trends in order to better serve the needs of Visitors and Students and maximize the user viewing experience. Under some circumstances this information may be used for purposes of systems administration, fraud prevention or server troubleshooting and security. This information may also be used to help improve the Sites, analyze trends, and administer the Sites.
We may disclose Your Data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the requirements of the law or comply with legal process served on us or the Sites; (b) protect and defend our rights or property, (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our employees and staff, agents, users of our products or services, or members of the public, or (d) effect any merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, in which case you will be provided notice of the following via email and/or a prominent notice on the relevant Site, (i) the change in ownership, (ii) the uses of Your Data in the transaction, and (iii) choices you may have regarding Your Data. To the extent we are legally permitted to do so, we will take reasonable steps to notify you in the event that we are required to provide Your Data to third parties as part of legal process.
In addition, we will use Your Data to:
Provide information or a service requested or consented to by you.
Assist in the performance of our activities and public interest functions.
Comply with relevant contractual obligations with you and other third parties.
Improve Site performance and content, including trouble shooting and diagnostics.
Improve your engagement and interaction with other Members of our community.
Improve our engagement and interaction with you.
Facilitate your attendance at and participation in our events, communities or blogs.
Confirm your identity.
Process a request or payment / donation submitted to us.
Comply with legal requests.
We realize that unwanted and non-relevant email notices and communications can be unwelcome. Every promotional, event or related communication we send to you via email contains instructions and an easily discover-able link that will allow you to unsubscribe and stop all subsequent commercial or marketing messages and/or direct you to a preference center to select topics of interest to you. Unless you consent (opt in) to the receipt of commercial or marketing emails, we will not use your email address for such purposes.
Students and visitors may receive periodic email or postal mailings from us with information about us, upcoming events, or issues related to the Internet including but not limited to news, public policy and emerging best practices and standards. We offer you the opportunity to select which, if any, of these communications you would like to receive.
All of our practices are designed and intended at a minimum to satisfy state, national, provincial and federal legal requirements limiting email communications. In addition to these laws and regulations governing email marketing there are other laws and regulations governing telemarketing and direct mail. As a general rule, we do not engage in those types of targeted marketing activities including but not limited to device finger printing, profiling and or cross device tracking.
Credit Card Information
Credit card information is not collected or stored on our servers.
When you conduct transactions through a Site, payment and payment card information for transactions with us is entered directly into a third-party processor’s systems and is not transmitted through or stored by us. The card processor provides us with an authorization code which is securely stored with the payment record on our servers.
Data Security
While no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure, we take reasonable and appropriate measures designed to protect the security of data transmitted to us upon receipt.
Our databases and system administration logs, are restricted to access by authorized and authenticated users. We use reasonable industry security standard safeguards (which may include physical, procedural and technical measures) to protect against the unauthorized disclosure of Personal Data. We take reasonable steps to ensure that Your Data is complete and relevant to its intended use. We will take reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of Your Data.
Links
The Sites contain links to other sites, organizations and resources. Please be aware that we cannot be and are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of such other sites. We encourage you, when you leave our Site(s), to read the privacy statements of those other sites that collect personally identifiable information and have up-to date security and anti-virus software on all of your devices.
This Privacy Statement applies only to the Sites iti-ny.com.
Accessing and Updating Personal Data
Users may request access to their Personal Data collected and stored by us (if any) to verify if it is complete and accurate or to request that it be deleted. At a minimum, we will respond to your request within any applicable timeframe required by law and will otherwise take reasonable steps to respond to legitimate requests to access, correct, delete or update any such information retained by us. Requests may be sent by email to info@iti-ny.com.
Data Retention
We will only retain Your Data stored on our servers in accordance with the legitimate needs of our business and as required or permitted by applicable law. We will not retain any unused Personal Data on our systems longer than necessary for legitimate business purposes.
Disclaimer
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating
to our website and the use of this website (including, without limitation, any warranties implied by law in respect of
satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill).
Nothing in this disclaimer will:
limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;
limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a)
are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer or
in relation to the subject matter of this disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort
(including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty.
To the extent that the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge,
we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
Download the 2020 Course here. Our goal is to ensure that every student gets the information they need. Choose a file format below to download the course textbook.
Download 2020 book PDF
Download 2020 book mobi
Download 2020 book epub
Welcome New York State Insurance Producers! ITI continues to provide insurance producers with easy and convenient access to Approved CE Credit at more than 25 locations across New York.
(Licensed by New York State Insurance Department as a
Continuing Education Provider - NYPO - 100210)
All Courses Approved through 11/30/2021
Quick LinksHome
Course Schedule/Register
Course Description
Pricing
NYSDFS Links
ITI Blog
Privacy Policy
Email Us
518-758-6609
© ITI
HomeCourse Schedule/RegisterCourse DescriptionPricingNYSDFS LinksITI BlogPrivacy Policy