https://iticsoftware.com/en/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how BJF Trading Group inc. uses and protects any information that you give BJF Trading Group inc. when you use this website. BJF Trading Group inc. is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. BJF Trading Group inc. may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
BJF Trading Group's Privacy Statement
Protecting the privacy and safeguarding the personal and financial information of our clients and website visitors is one of our highest priorities. The following Privacy Statement explains how BJF Trading Group collects and protects your personal information. References to "BJF Trading Group" in this Privacy Statement include all BJF Trading Group websites.By opening a BJF Trading Group account or by using BJF Trading Group Web sites, you give your consent to the collection and use of personal information by BJF Trading Group as explained in this privacy statement.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at admin@iticsoftware.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to 3397 Mistwell cres., Oakvile, ON, L6L 0A2, Canada
.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Usage of personal information
BJF Trading Group may use the information collected from you to verify your identity and contact information. This information helps us improve our services to you, customize your browsing experience and inform you about additional products, services or promotions that may be of interest to you.
BJF Trading Group affiliates and partners
BJF Trading Group may share information with affiliates if the information is required to provide the product or service you have requested or to provide you the opportunity to participate in the products or services our affiliates offer.
Non-affiliated third parties
BJF Trading Group does not sell, license, lease or otherwise disclose your personal information to any third party for any reason, except as described below.BJF Trading Group reserves the right to disclose your personal information to third parties where required by law to regulatory, law enforcement or other government authorities. We may also disclose your information as necessary to credit reporting or collection agencies, or when necessary to protect our rights or property.
Opting out of disclosures of non-public personal information
You may direct us not to disclose non-public personal information to certain third parties. To opt out of sharing non-public personal information with third parties, please contact BJF Trading Group as stated in the contact information listed below.If we propose to share information in a manner not covered in this Privacy Statement, we will notify you of this change by posting an addendum on the BJF Trading Group Web site, a notice in the "What's New" section of the Web site, and if appropriate, provide you an opportunity to opt out of such use.
The security of your personal information
We employ security software, systems, and procedures to offer you a safe and secure trading environment and protect your personal information.BJF Trading Group may share Web site usage information about visitors to the Web site with reputable advertising companies for targeting our Internet banner advertisements on this site and other sites. For this purpose, pixel tags (also called clear gifs or web beacons) may be used to note the pages you've visited. The information collected by the advertising company through the use of these pixel tags is not personally identifiable.To administer and improve the BJF Trading Group Web site, we may use a third party to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information, including page requests, form requests, and click paths. The third party may use cookies to track behavior and may set cookies on behalf of BJF Trading Group. These cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
In the event BJF Trading Group materially changes this Privacy Statement, the revised Privacy Statement will promptly be posted to the Web sites and we will post a notice on our Web sites informing you of such changes. You agree to accept posting of a revised Privacy Statement electronically on the Web site as actual notice to you. Any dispute over our Privacy Statement is subject to this notice and the BJF Trading Group Customer Agreement. If you have any questions that this statement does not address, please contact a Client Services representative.You may contact BJF Trading Group for any reason under this Privacy Policy, or otherwise, as follows:
Email:
info@iticsoftware.com
Postal:
BJF Trading GroupAttention: Privacy Issues3397 Mistwell cresn., Oakville, ON, Canada
Last Updated: Feb. 29, 2016
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Our website uses cookies. By continuing to browse this website, you accept that cookies are used to help us analyze how the website is used and to offer you a better experience, such as enhanced navigation. If you do not agree to the use of cookies, you may disable them in your web browser as explained in our Privacy Policy.
Accept