https://itma-europe.com/terms/
Sign up to our e-newsletter
Name
Email
Home
About ITMA
News
Membership
Contact Us
Member Login
You are here: Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Imported Tyre Manufacturers’ Association Trading as the International Tyre Manufacturers’ Association (ITMA) takes its duty to process your personal data very seriously. This policy explains how we collect, manage, use and protect your personal data.
We do occasionally update this Policy, latterly for the implementation of GDPR in May 2018, so please do return and review this Policy from time to time.
Refer to the sections below for more details on how and why we use your personal information:
Who are we?
The personal data we collect and how we use it
What are your rights?
Legitimate interests
Retaining your information
Who are we?
In this policy references to ‘we’ or ‘us’ are to the ITMA Ltd, Belmont House, London Road, Billericay, Essex, CM12 9HJ, Company Registration No. 1824999; VAT No. 627 5422 39.
What personal data we collect and how we use it
What we need
The ITMA is what’s known as the ‘controller’ of the personal data you provide to us. We will usually collect basic personal data about you like your name, postal address, telephone number, email address and your bank details for subscription fees and ad hoc payments such as events.
We will be very clear with you if we wish to collect further information, such as date of birth, and include our reason for collecting such information.
ITMA members’ data is held on secure servers for the purpose of conducting membership business only. ITMA engages an agency (CJ Association Management Ltd) to provide its administrative secretariat support.
If you do not want us to use your data then you have the option to object to such use.
Why we need it
We collect your personal data for specific activities, such as project updates, newsletters, registration or membership requests, surveys and events. These are summarised as:
To provide you with information that we feel may be of interest to you (for example, to notify you about a forthcoming event).
To meet our contractual obligations to you.
To notify you about any changes to our website, including improvements, and service or product changes that may affect our website.
The information is either needed to fulfil your request or to enable us to provide you with membership services. If you choose to withhold requested information, we may not be able to provide you with all the member benefits.
Our marketing
Sometimes, we will process your personal data to provide you with information about our work or our activities that you have requested or are expecting.
On other occasions, we may process personal data when we need to do this to fulfil a contract or where we are required to do this by law or other regulations.
The ITMA also processes your data when it is in our legitimate interests to do this and when these interests do not override your rights. Those legitimate interests include providing you with information on our activity updates, newsletters, registration or membership requests, feedback, and events. We may also include information on work with ITMA partners, of direct relevance and interest to you. Please see the section on ‘Legitimate Interest’ for more information.
How we obtain your details
We will also hold information about your details so that we can respect your preferences for being contacted by us.
We collect your personal information in a number of ways:
When you provide it to us directly
When you provide permission to other organisations to share it with us (including Facebook or Twitter)
When we collect it as you use our websites or apps (see website policy below)
When you have given it to a third party and you have provided permission to pass your information on to us
From publicly available sources
We combine the information from these sources with the information you provide to us directly.
Membership applications
When submitting a membership or supporter application, personal data will be required. Should an application be successful, all the policies and procedures outlined in this document will apply with regard to personal data retention. For those whose applications are unsuccessful, we only hold the information for a limited period after refusal and any personally identifiable details are removed.
Children
If you are under 18 years of age please ensure you obtain your parent/guardian’s consent before sending any personal information to ITMA. Please note we will not knowingly communicate to persons under 18 years without that written consent.
Geographic location of data storage
All the personal data we process is processed by our staff in the UK or the EU, including our website hosting.
What are your rights?
GDPR, implemented on 25th May 2018, gives all individuals a number of rights relating to their personal data held by companies, organisations and other third parties. These are right of…
Access: Giving transparency over the information held about you, which will be provided to you within one month
To be informed: Giving transparency over how your personal information is used
Of rectification: The right to have your information updated or amended if it is wrong
To restrict processing: You may ask to stop third parties using your information
To be ‘forgotten’: Ask us to remove your personal information from our records
To object: Object to the processing of your information for marketing purposes
Of data portability: To obtain and reuse your personal data for your own purposes
To withdraw from automated decision making and profiling: Not be subject to a decision when it is based on automated processing
If you would like to know more about your rights under the data protection law see the Information Commissioners Office website.
If you would like to change the way you hear from us or no longer wish to receive direct marketing communications from then use the contact form on our ‘Contact Us’ page.
Legitimate interests
There are a number of lawful reasons that mean we can use (or ‘process’) your personal information, including ‘legitimate interests’. Broadly speaking Legitimate Interests means we can process your personal information if:
We have a genuine and legitimate reason to do so
and
We are not harming any of your rights and interests.
Sharing your information
We will never sell your personal information to other organisations.
We only disclose information to third parties or individuals when obliged to by law, for purposes of national security, taxation and criminal investigations, and the following:
If you have agreed we may do so.
When we use other companies to provide services on our behalf, e.g. processing, mailing or delivering orders, answering questions, sending mail and emails or processing credit/debit card payments.
If we receive a complaint about any content you have posted or transmitted to or from one of our sites, to enforce or apply our Terms & Conditions or if we believe that we need to do so to protect and defend the rights, property or personal safety of the ITMA, our websites or our visitors and for other lawful purposes.
If we merge with another organisation to form a new entity, information may be transferred to the new entity.
We may disclose aggregate statistics about our site visitors, to describe our services and operations to prospective partners, advertisers and other reputable third parties and for other lawful purposes, but these statistics won’t include any personally identifying information.
Retaining your information
We hold your information only as long as necessary for the purpose of completing the activity for which it was collated.
If decide not to support the ITMA any more or request that we have no further contact with you, we will keep some basic information in order to avoid sending you unwanted materials in the future and to ensure that we don’t accidentally duplicate information.
Access to Information
All individuals have the right to access personal information that is held about them. You can request a copy of any information that we hold about you. Please contact us if you wish to make such a request by emailing agraham@itmaeurope.com
Information Collected from Website Visitors
In running and operating this website ITMA may collect and process certain data and information relating to you and your use of this site. This information is anonymous and is used for analysing website traffic. For details, please see our Cookie Policy below.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password so that you can access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
Third Party Links
You may from time to time find links to third party websites on our website. These websites should have their own privacy policies which you should check. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them.
Cookie policy
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small text files sometimes used to improve the website experience of a visitor to a website. We may sometimes use cookies on this website to record aggregate statistical information about the visitors to our site and the use that our visitors make of the website. When collected this information is used by us to improve our website. Please note that no personally identifiable information is recorded.
All computers have the ability to decline cookies. You can easily decline or remove cookies from your computer using the settings within the Internet Options section in your computer control panel.
This data and information is detailed below:
When someone visits itma-europe.com we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. Personally identifiable information will only be collected in a manner in which the site visitor is aware of, and will explain what we intend to do with it. You can find out more by visiting the Google Analytics Cookie policy page.
Information that users provide to us as a result of filling in forms on our website, such as when a visitor registers for information. This is considered a conscious opt-in to receive communications from IFSF on matters relating to the organisation, its news and events.
Managing your cookies
The links below will take you to the web browser’s help page where you can manage your cookies:
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
Opera
Safari
Safari iOS
Android
Blackberry
Windows Phone
To manage your Google Analytics cookies, you can visit the Google Analytics help page, however please keep in mind that information we obtain from Google Analytics goes towards improving the user experience on our site.
Access to Information
All individuals have the right to access personal information that is held about them. You can request a copy of any information that we hold about you. Please contact us if you wish to make such a request.
Home
About ITMA
News
Membership
Contact us
Terms and conditions
Belmont House, London Road, Billericay, Essex, CM12 9HJ
Tel: 01277 659222
E-mail: agraham@itmaeurope.com
© Imported Tyre Manufacturers' Association
Company Registration No. 1824999
VAT No. 386 4063 34