https://iwalk-free.com/privacy-policy/
iWALKFree Privacy Policy
Welcome. Privacy is a top priority for iWALKFree, Inc. We recognize that for us to do business, you need to have a clear understanding of how we collect and use your personal information.
We’ve done our best to write this privacy policy in plan, clear language, and whenever possible, we’ve tried to avoid being too technical or employing what you might call legalese.
At bottom, this Privacy Policy describes how we handle personal information collected, used, and shared when you access our website.
We hope you’ll take just a few minutes to read this privacy notice and that you will contact us if you have any further questions or concerns.
WHO WE ARE
We are iWALKFree, Inc. We are located at 130 N. Marina Drive, Long Beach, CA 90803.  In this privacy policy, you will find that we refer to ourselves as “iWALKFree”, “we”, “us”, or “our.”
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information you can complete a data request form or contact our Data Protection Officer at admin@iwalk-free.com or by mail at 130 N. Marina Drive, Long Beach, CA 90803.
ABOUT PRIVACY LAWS
Your personal information is protected. Whether you’re in the United States, Canada, the European Union, or somewhere else, you have specific privacy rights.
One of the most comprehensive privacy laws found anywhere is the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The GDPR deals with:
your right to privacy;
your rights to information about, and relating to, you – and how it is used; and
your rights to data security.
In general, we’ve used the GDPR as our guide for developing our internal privacy culture and this privacy policy. If you want to learn more about your privacy rights, please take a look at these links.
The text of the GDPR, https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/HTML/?uri=CELEX:32016R0679&from=EN
A Westlaw article describing privacy law in the United States, https://content.next.westlaw.com/Document/I02064fbd1cb611e38578f7ccc38dcbee/View/FullText.html?contextData=(sc.Default)&transitionType=Default&firstPage=true&bhcp=1
A summary of Canadian Privacy Law, https://www.priv.gc.ca/en/privacy-topics/privacy-laws-in-canada/02_05_d_15/
WHY ARE WE ALLOWED TO USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
The basic answer is that when you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address, telephone number, and email address. Data collected during a transaction is stored securely for 36 months.
When you browse our store, we also receive your computer Internet protocol (IP) address in order to learn about your browser and operating system. Browsing data is keep for up to 90 days from the date of your last visit.
With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products, and other updates.
The legal answer is that privacy legislation, like the GDPR, provides for some specific reasons we can collect and process your information. According to the GDPR, there are a total of six of these reasons. Of these four will typically apply to our site, so we may collection and process your data if:
We have your consent,
We have a contract with you (this includes making an ecommerce purchase),
We have a legitimate interest (like the need to conduct business),
If the law requires us to.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT & HOW DO WE USE IT
We collect your information both directly and indirectly. This includes personal data like your name and activity information that describes how you interact with our website.
Some information we collect from everyone who visits our website and other information is specific to whether you register with our site, subscribe to email messages, or make a purchase.
Here are a few examples.
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase on our website, we store and transmit your payment card data. This data is encrypted in accordance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS) for your protection.
Your payment data (like your payment card number) is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After your transaction is complete, that information is deleted.
Our website uses “Cookies” which are tiny text files placed on your device or computer. Cookies often include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies help us save items to your shopping cart and and track your preferences. Cookies may improve your shopping experience, and cookies can be used to help us provide more relevant advertising. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
This table outlines specifically the information we collect and why.
What we collect
How we use it
IP Address or mobile identification
Used to provide you with a better shopping experience, to improve advertising, and to prevent fraud.
Your name
If you make an online purchase, we need to know who you are. We will also collect your name if you register with our website or request email marketing messages
Your email address
If you register with our site, make a purchase, or request email marketing messages, we will need your email address. In the case of an online purchase we will send you email notifications confirming that we’ve received, processed, or shipped your order.
Password
If you create an account on our website, we will store your password for future access.
Your physical address
We will need your physical billing and shipping addresses to complete some ecommerce transactions.
Your telephone number
When you make a purchase we collect your telephone number. Many carriers like UPS or FedEx require this information, and we use it to contact you with questions or for verification.
Your geolocation
We use third-party tools, like Google Analytics, which collect your geolocation. We use this information to improve our business and provide you with better service and more relevant advertising. Often this data is store in aggregate.
Demographic information
When you register with our website, add items to a wishlist or make online purchases we may need to collect information like your age or sex.
Behavioral Data
Using third-party tools like Google Analytics or tools for personalization, we monitor how you interact with our website. We will also track the items you add to your shopping cart, place in wishlists, or visit.This includes tracking visit duration, mouse movement, and swipe actions. This information is used for personalization, improving marketing, and providing you with a better shopping experience.
Your communications
When you contact us, we log that information to comply with audit requirements and to ensure we are providing you with great customer service.
WHEN DO WE SHARE INFORMATION
Sometimes we may share your information with third parties. Any business or service we share your information with must treat it in accordance with the GDPR or other applicable privacy laws, and this Privacy Policy.
Here are some specifics.
We share information with third parties that help us operate our business. For example, we share information with payment processors and package carriers to fulfil your ecommerce orders. We share data with an email service provider to send you transactional and marketing messages, and we share data with other service provides like Google to gather business intelligence.
Bottom line, if we share your information, we do it to complete ecommerce orders, communicate with you, improve how our business operates, or improve the relevancy and effectiveness of our marketing.
WHERE DO WE PROCESS YOUR DATA
We may send your information internationally for the purposes described above. This may include processing in the United States, Canada, a European Union member state, or elsewhere.
If you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you place an order), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your payment card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100 percent secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
WE USE COOKIES
As mentioned above, our website uses “Cookies” placed on your device or computer. These cookies often include an anonymous unique identifier.
A cookie is a text file stored on your computer. It helps our website and some of the third party services we use recognize you each time you visit. You can learn all about cookies at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
We may use a few different types of cookies, including:
Cookies for basic functionality. These cookies are essential to make our site work. For example, without them you might not be able to place an online order.
Cookies for performance and optimization. With these cookies the goal is to collect aggregate information about how the site is performing, so that we can make improvements.
Cookies for advanced features. Some cookies help with personalization and improving your online shopping or browsing experience. These cookies are not strictly necessary for the site to operate, but they make using the site better.
Cookies for advertising. Finally, we do use cookies to help us improve our advertising. These may limit how many times you see a particular ad or impact which ads you see from us.
If you’re located in the European Union, we will not use cookies without your specific consent. In other regions, we compile with applicable cookie regulations.
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
Is the iWALK2.0 Right For You?
Is the iWALK2.0 Right For You?
Take our quick online test to find out if iWALK2.0 will work for you:
Take the online test
×