https://iwpa.com.au/privacy
Privacy
Please note that this website privacy statement does not apply to linked web sites, however we do not link knowingly to sites that are privacy-invasive. When you link to another site, we recommend you read the privacy statement of that site to familiarise yourself with its privacy policy.
Anonymous access to our site
You can access Inspired Workforce Performers® home page and browse our web site anonymously, without disclosing your personal information.
Collection and use of personal data
The Inspired Workforce Performers® web site does not collect or record personal information, other than information you choose to provide through our enquiries. On-line surveys may collect personal information as and when they occur (note on-line surveys are in the form of a secure transaction).
Inspired Workforce Performers® staff use personal information collected from email and online survey sources to respond to individuals and discuss their particular enquiries. Email addresses and any other contact details you provide will not be added to a mailing list without your consent.
Disclosure
We will not disclose your personal information to a third party without your consent, unless we are required or authorised to do so by law or other regulation. In the event of an investigation into suspected unlawful or improper activity, a law enforcement agency or government agency may exercise its legal authority to inspect the web server’s records (eg. in relation to hacking or abusive messages).
Collection and use of site visit data
We do not use cookies on our site. A cookie is a block of data that is shared between a web server and a user’s browser. Cookies give the server information about a user’s identity and website visiting patterns and preferences. You can find more information about cookies on sites such as Cookie Central.
The following non-personal information is automatically recorded by this site’s web server for statistical and system administration purposes only:
your server address;
your top level domain name (e.g. .com, .au, .gov);
the date and the time of your visit to the site;
the pages you accessed and downloaded;
the address of the last site you visited;
your operating system;
the type of browser you are using.
To the extent that this data could make you identifiable, Inspired Workforce Performers® will not attempt to identify individuals from the records the server automatically generates unless that is necessary to investigate a breach of law or regulation.
Security of your personal data
All employees of Inspired Workforce Performers® have a statutory duty to deal with your personal information confidentially (Information Privacy Act 2000, section 67).
This web site uses secure transmission facilities when appropriate. You should be aware that there are risks in transmitting information across the Internet. If you are concerned about conveying sensitive material to Inspired Workforce Performers® over the Internet, you might prefer to contact us by telephone or mail.
More Information
If you would like to know more about on-line privacy, visit the Office of the Privacy Commissioner