https://jacketshop.com/privacy-policy
SALE ENDS DECEMBER 13TH
World's Largest Selection Of Varsity Letterman Jackets
About Us
About Stewart & Strauss
Testimonials
Customer Photos
Contact Us
Build-A-Jacket
IN-STOCK JACKETS
GROUP DISCOUNTS
OVERSTOCK SALE
SIZE CHART
PATCH SHOP
LETTER STYLES
PHOTO GALLERY
SHIPPING TIMES
SATIN JACKETS
FABRIC COLORS
JACKET CARE
GIFT CERTIFICATES
Privacy Policy
At Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com), we believe your privacy is important. This Privacy Policy is applicable to the the Website and the Application all of which will be called "Services" throughout this Privacy Policy. It describes what information we collect, how we may use that information and the choices we offer for you to manage the information we collect related to your use of our Services.
Most frequently asked customer questions:
What type of personal information do we collect through our services?
To make use of select, special or enhanced elements of the Services, you will need to share with us certain personal information so those elements may function properly. When you use certain enhanced elements within our Services (eg, create a profile, register for a promotion, or publish a comment), the personal information we collect may include, but is not limited to:
Full name
Email address
Password
Street address
Telephone number(s)
Birth date
Location data
Contacts (as stored in your wireless device)
Other personal data as detailed in this Privacy Policy and data that may be requested from and provided by you.
If we collect such information, in most instances, the applicable page(s) or location(s) within the Services will include statements regarding what information is required for the elements of the Services to function properly and functionality for you to submit the requested or required information. In addition to the list above, there may also be opportunities for you to grant permission for use of other of your information in a manner set forth on the applicable page(s) within the Services.
How is my personal information collected?
You may opt to join our mailing list. When you submit your email address to use we assume that you want to be contacted regarding promotions and offers at Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com). When you join our mailing list we respect your privacy and we do not share your address with any third party companies without your permission. If you at any time decide that you don't want to receive any future mailings, simply unsubscribe.
When you sign up to participate in a contest on Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com), you provide us with information that allows us to enter you into the contest, verify eligibility and contact you if you win. We also use the information to communicate with you about our products, services and promotions, provided that you choose to join our mailing list at the time of entry.
We may also collect certain non-personally identifiable information from you when you visit our website, such as the type of browser you are using (i.e.: Safari, Firefox or Internet Explorer), the type of operating system (i.e.: Windows or MAC), the domain name of your Internet service provider and your entire query (if any) that was entered into a search engine which led you to the current site and any other "click stream" data. This information is stored in our log files. We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to rate and improve the design and content of our website and to enable us to personalize your experience. We may also use this information in the aggregate to analyze how our site is used, as well as to offer you products, services and promotions.
How do we use and share your personal information?
If you submit personal information to us, or to any third party acting on our behalf, we may use and share your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. We will not sell, lease, publish or share your personal information with or to anyone else, except as set forth in this Privacy Policy. We may use and share your personal information as described above and we may:
Use your information to provide services you've requested or provide you with offers, promotions (e.g., contests, goods or services, etc.) or content or to add you to our mailing list if requested;
Share your information with certain third parties, including Service Providers, Sponsors and Promotional Partners, so they may help us provide services, offers, promotions or content you've requested or otherwise in accordance with the applicable rules of a promotion or terms presented at the time you submit personal information, so the third party can administer the promotion, send you offers or content or add you to their postal mailing list if requested;
Share your information upon notice posted on an applicable location of our Services where we collect your personal information related to a specific promotion and notify you that we will be sharing such information with a third party;
Use your information to provide services you've requested or provide you with offers, promotions (e.g., contests, goods or services, etc.) or content or to add you to our mailing list if requested;
Use and share your information in connection with online loyalty, membership or rewards programs operated from our Services or with a third party from which you may receive goods or services in connection with such a program; or
Use and share your information with permission from you.
Share your information amongst the business assets in the unlikely event of a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition (including without limitation in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings) of all or any portion of the business, assets or stock of Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) or any of our businesses.
Use your information to: (1) protect the legal rights, privacy or safety of Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) or our employees, agents and contractors; (2) protect the safety and security of visitors to our websites or other properties; (3) protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes; (4) respond to inquiries or requests from government or public authorities in any country in which we operate, including the U.S.; (5) permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain; (6) enforce our Terms of Use or the terms and conditions applicable to any contest, promotion or program; or (7) comply with the law or legal process.
How does Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) safeguard my personal information?
At Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com), the security of your personal information is a high priority. We maintain appropriate safeguards and current security standards to protect your personal information, whether recorded on paper or captured electronically, against loss or theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, or misuse.
How can I contact the Chief Privacy Officer?
Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) is responsible for all personal information under its control. Our Chief Privacy Officer is accountable for company compliance with the principles described by our Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about the privacy policies stated here, you can:
Send us an email at:
privacy@Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com).com
Call us at:
1-800-725-2943
Write us at:
Info@JacketShop.com
How does Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) collect and use cookies and other tracking technologies?
In order to enhance and personalize your interactive experience, our site does use cookies. The cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information. If you wish to limit the number of cookies that your browser accepts or prevent your browser from accepting cookies, you can set your browser to alert you each time you are about to receive a new cookie or you can turn off your cookies completely. This however will not allow you to take full advantage of all of the features available to this site.
Further, when you use our Service we may solicit your permission to collect your location data. Please be advised, for some features within our Applications to function we must confirm your current location and therefore some features will not be available if you choose not to provide your location data to us. The specificity of the location data collected may depend on a number of factors, including the device you are using (e.g. desktop, laptop, smartphone, tablet) and how you are connected to the internet (e.g. via cable broadband connection, WiFi, etc.). If you enable location services for our Applications, we may collect location data (e.g. Zip/Postal Code) periodically as you use or leave open our Applications. We may also use this data internally or in conjunction with our third party service providers to customize your experience and provide offers that may be relevant to you. Depending on the platform you use to access our Applications (e.g., Apple's iOS, Google's Android, Windows, etc.) you may be able to control from within the settings on your wireless device or the Application(s) whether location data is collected.
Fraud prevention
We reserve the right to co-operate with local, state, national and international authorities in investigations of improper or unlawful activities and this may require the disclosure of personal information. We may also report to other organizations about improper or unlawful activities on any Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) website and this disclosure may include disclosure of personal information relating to those individuals conducting such improper or unlawful activities.
In addition, in order to protect you and Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) from fraudulent transactions, we may provide your online shopping related information to a reputable outside organization to perform address verification. This address verification is intended to ensure that the "bill to" address that you provide matches your credit card address. The outside organization does not store any personal information that we provide from shopping transactions.
Changes to the privacy policy
We reserve the right to change our privacy policy at any time. Accordingly we recommend that you check this page periodically in order to review our current policies.
Website legal terms of use
Limitation of liability
Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com), its affiliates and related companies take no responsibility for the accuracy or validity of any claims or statements contained in the information or related graphics of this site. Further, Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) makes no representations whatsoever about the suitability of any of the information contained in the information or graphics on this site for any purpose. All such information and related graphics are provided  without warranty of any kind. Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) makes no representations whatsoever about any other Web site which you may access through this site. When you access a non-Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) Web site, you understand and acknowledge that it is independent from Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com), and that Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) has no control over the content on any such Web site. In addition, a link to a non-Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) Web site does not mean that Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use, of such Web site. It is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use by you is free of such items such as viruses, worms, trojan horses, and other items of a destructive nature.
IN NO EVENT WILL Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE OR REFERRED TO ON THIS SITE.
Use of the site
While visiting the Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) site, you may not: post, upload, publish, reproduce, transmit, or otherwise distribute information or other material: (a) constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability; (b) which is protected by copyright, or other intellectual property right, or derivative works with respect thereto, without obtaining permission of the copyright owner or rightholder; (c) otherwise use this site in a manner which is contrary to law, including the posting or transmitting of any information or software which contains a virus, cancelbot, trojan horse, worm or other harmful or disruptive component.
Copyright
All materials published or otherwise accessible through this site including, but not limited to, news articles, text, photographs, images, illustrations, audio clips, video clips, software, and other materials (the "Content") are protected by copyright, and are owned or controlled by Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) and any others which may own copyright or the party credited as the provider of the Content. All visitors shall abide by all additional copyright notices, information, and restrictions contained in the Content. All visitors shall abide by all additional copyright notices, information, and restrictions contained in any content accessed through this site.
Trademarks
The trademarks, logos, and service marks, including but not limited to, "Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com)” and other names, logos, and icons identifying the products and services (collectively the "trademarks") displayed on the site, are registered and unregistered trademarks of Stewart & Strauss, LLC, and others. Nothing contained on the site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on the site without the written permission of Stewart & Strauss, LLC or such third party that may own the trademarks displayed on the Site. Your misuse of the trademarks displayed on the site, or any other content on the site, except as provided in these Legal Terms of Use, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that Stewart & Strauss, LLC will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution.
Confidential information
You authorize Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) to collect from any party and to retain all relevant information relating to your use of this site, and you hereby authorize any party to provide us with such information. You understand and agree that unless you notify Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) to the contrary by e-mailing us, or writing to us using the address provided above you further authorize Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) to disclose, on a confidential basis, to any necessary parties with whom Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) has business relations all necessary information relating to your dealings with us and this site.
Recourse
If you are dissatisfied with the Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) site or with any terms, conditions, rules, policies, guidelines, or practices of Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) in operating this site, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using this site.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) and its affiliates and related companies harmless from any and all liabilities, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, related to the violation of this Agreement by you or users of your account, or in connection with the use of this site or the placement or transmission of any information or other materials on this site by you or users of your account.
Miscellaneous
This Agreement, including any and all documents referenced herein, constitutes the entire agreement between Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) and you pertaining to the subject matter hereof. Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any provisions or right. If any of the provisions contained in this Agreement be determined to be void, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such determination shall not affect the remaining provisions contained herein. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Arizona and the federal laws of the United States applicable therein. The parties have requested that this Agreement and all documents relating thereto be drawn up in English.
Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) has no obligation to monitor this site. However, you agree that Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) has the right to monitor this site electronically from time to time and to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation, or other governmental request, to operate this site properly, or to protect itself or its subscribers. Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) reserves the right to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, that, in its sole discretion, are unacceptable, undesirable, or in violation of this Agreement.
The site and app may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) therefore reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions (including after an order has been submitted) and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. Please note that such errors, inaccuracies or omissions may relate to pricing and availability, and to the extent permitted by applicable law, Stewart & Strauss, LLC (JacketShop.com) reserves the right to cancel or refuse to accept any order placed based on incorrect pricing or availability information.