http://jamaicapress.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - Jamaica Press
Menu
Jamaica Pressdelivering print and stationery since 1961
Search for:
Facebook Twitter Email LinkedIn
Primary Menu
Skip to content
Welcome
Services
Design
Print
Signs
Web
Office Supplies
Furniture
Promotional Items
Shop
About
History
Privacy Policy
Contact
Search
Search for:
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Version 3.0
Updated: 13th August 2019
Maintaining your privacy and your trust is very important. We strive to be especially clear on how we use your personal information if and when we collect it, and on the ways in which we can work together to protect your privacy.
Data Protection Act 2018 & General Data Protection Regulation (also known as Regulation (EU)2016/679 or “GDPR”).
This Privacy Policy explains the:
Identity and contact information of the data controller
Purpose of the processing and the lawful basis for the processing
Legitimate interests of the data controller or third party (if applicable)
Categories of personal data to be processed
Details of whether personal data came from direct or indirect sources
Recipients or categories of recipients of the personal data
Details of data transfers to a third country and safeguards
Length of time personal data is processed and any criteria used to establish the length of time the data is processed
Data Subject’s Rights (Your rights)
Right to complain to the supervisory authority/regulator
Details of any part of a statutory or contractual requirement and possible consequences of failing to provide the personal data
The existence of any automated decision making, including profiling and information about how decisions are made
What products and services are covered by this policy?
This Privacy Policy applies to the information that we may obtain from you through the promotion and use of the services we offer or website(s), collectively called the “Services”. If you have any questions or need more information about these Services, please contact us at the email address in the section below.
Data Controller
For the purposes of the data protection & privacy legislation the Data Controller is:-
Philip Mitchell, Paul Mitchell
(“I”,”we,” “us,” “our”)
Legal Status:
Partnership
Trading as:
Jamaica Press
Postal Address:
Mambury Moor Estate
Buckland Brewer
Bideford
EX39 5NL
Email:
info@jamaicapress.co.uk
Purpose and lawful basis
The personal data that we process is:
necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract and/or;
necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the controller is subject and/or;
necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data, in particular where the data subject is a child.
Special category personal data is processed as:
necessary for the purposes of carrying out the obligations and exercising specific rights of the controller or of the data subject in the field of employment and social security and social protection law in so far as it is authorised by Union or Member State law or a collective agreement pursuant to Member State law providing for appropriate safeguards for the fundamental rights and the interests of the data subject and/or;
necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person where the data subject is physically or legally incapable of giving consent.
How do we use the information we collect?
We may use the information we collect for a variety of purposes, including to:
Make our Services work for you;
Provide, operate, maintain, improve, personalise, and promote our Services;
Develop new products, services, features, and functionality;
Process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including purchase confirmations and invoices;
Communicate with you, including responding to your comments, questions, and requests; providing customer service and support;
Providing you with information about services, transmitting technical notices, updates, security alerts, administrative messages, or advertising or marketing messages;
Providing other news or information about us;
Monitor and analyse trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services;
Investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorised access to our Services and other illegal activities;
Categories of personal data and Sources
What information do we collect from you, and how is it used?
Direct:
You can visit our website without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information about yourself. To provide full service however, we will most often need to collect some personal information. For instance, we collect information about you when you register for an account and when you create or modify your personal data on one of our Services. The types of Information we collect may include name, location address, email address, country of residence, and phone number.
We do not process personal data nor facilitate processing personal data of data subjects under the age of consent (children).
Indirect:
From cookies: We may also collect “cookie” information that we may save to your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory. We use cookies to improve and customise our Services and your experience; to allow you to access and use our Services without re-entering your username or password; to log visits and to understand which areas and features of the Services are most popular. We may also associate the information we store in cookies with personal information you submit while using our Services. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all aspects of our Services.
For specific information on cookies, please read our cookie policy.
Logs: We may record certain information and store it in log files when you interact with our Services. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) or other device addresses or ID numbers as well as browser type, Internet service provider, URLs of referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, information you search for, locale and language preferences, your mobile carrier, and system configuration information.
Analytics: We and our analytics providers also collect and store analytics information when you use our Services to help us improve our Services. We make sure this data is anonymous by not connecting any analytics data to personally identifiable data such as a name, email address, physical address, or phone number.
How might we share information?
We are not in the business of selling your personal information. We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your personal information with third party data processors, as set forth below:
With your consent: We will not share your personal information with companies, organisations, or individuals who are not associated with us unless we have your affirmative consent to do so.
Payment Processing: We use a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing. This service provider is not permitted to store, retain, or use billing information except for the sole purpose of credit card processing.
Newsletter Service: We may use a commercial application to facilitate a newsletter service.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement Requests; Protection of Our Rights: We may disclose your information (including your personal information) to a third party if:
We believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request
To protect the security or integrity of our products and services
To protect our property, rights, and safety and that of our customers or the public from harm or illegal activities
To respond to an emergency which we believe in the good faith requires us to disclose information to assist in preventing the death or serious bodily injury of any person; or
To investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations.
Business Transfers:
We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. We will notify you of such a change in ownership or transfer of assets by posting a notice on our website.
Data Transfers
Any data transfers and/or data processors acting on behalf of the data controller have appropriate safeguards in place.
How long will we keep the personal data?
Retaining some data is subject to a statutory retention period and this must be adhered to, (to keep certain data for a minimum period of time). This may include personal data (name, address, contact details), but on expiry of such statutory requirement, such data can be destroyed securely. Where possible any personally identifiable data willbe anonymised or pseudonymised.
Your information we use for marketing purposes will be kept with us until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive this information.
Statutory or other requirements
The data controller does not require personal data to be supplied as part of any contractual agreement, however in respect of the controllers services, certain communications may not be possible without such personal data being supplied, for example an email to furnish with updates information etc.
Profiling and Automated Decision Making
No profiling or automatic decision making processes are undertaken by the data controller in respect of any personal data processing activities.
Your rights
Your fundamental rights as a Data Subject are:
The right to be informed
The right of access
The right of rectification
The right of erasure (often known as the right to be forgotten)
The right to prevent processing
The right to data portability
The right to object
Rights in relation to automatic decision making and profiling
Under the right of access (2), you have the right to obtain:-
– confirmation that your data is being processed;
– access to your personal data; and
– other supplementary information
So that you are aware of and can verify the lawfulness of the processing
Your right to access can be exercised by contacting the data controller as above.
Fundamental rights are not absolute.
Your right to complain to the supervisory authority/regulator
You have the right to complain about organisations processing your personal data.  You can exercise this right by contacting the supervisory authority of the data controller as follows:-
Head office
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Tel: 0303 123 1113 (local rate) or 01625 545 745 if you prefer to use a national rate number
Print, signs, banners and posters with web design/optimisation and the supply of office products (stationery), office furniture and promotional items throughout Bideford, Barnstaple, Holsworthy, Bude, Torrington, South Molton and the surrounding areas of North Devon and North Cornwall.
Jamaica Press, Mambury Moor Estate, Buckland Brewer, Bideford, North Devon, EX39 5NL
Scroll UpWelcome
Services
Design
Print
Signs
Web
Office Supplies
Furniture
Promotional Items
Shop
About
History
Privacy Policy
Contact
Privacy Preference Center
Options
Consent Management
Cookie Settings
https://jamaicapress.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Consent Management
https://jamaicapress.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Required
Please confirm that you have read and agree to our Privacy Policy
Necessary
Advertising
Analytics
Other
OK