https://jaygoinc.com/privacy-policy
Double Arm Mixer- chewing gum, cookie dough, candy re-work, energy bars.Turbulent Blenders - powdered drink mixes, powdered food coatings, breakfast cereals, artificial sweeteners.Vacuum Deaerator - condiments, syrup flavoring, fish brine suspensions, toothpaste, salad dressingRibbon Blenders - tea mixes, dry soup mixes.Ribbon Blenders - tea mixes, dry soup mixes
Pharmaceutical
Pharmaceutical
Conical Screw Blenders - gelatin capsules, active pharmaceutical ingredients, nutraceuticals.Vee Blenders - multi-vitamins, granulations, pain relief medicationsDouble Planetary Mixers - dental compounds, specialty toothpastes, medicated ointments,Agitated Pressure Filter - active pharmaceutical ingredients, filterDouble Arm Sigma Blade Mixers - medicated chewing gum, transdermal patches, medical adhesives
Cosmetic
Cosmetic
Altern Mill - lipstick, cover-up, liquid foundation, body make-upMulti-Shaft Mixers - shampoo, conditioner, hair gel, body lotion, lip balmDouble Planetary Mixers - mascara, mud masks, facial scrubNovamix Granulator - blush, eye shadow, face powderVee Blender - scented powders, foundation, powdered concealers.
Paint and Coatings
Paint and Coatings
Double Arm Sigma Blade Mixers - pigment salt grinds, ink flushesMulti-Shaft Mixers - polyurethane, pigment dispersions, dyesAltern Mill -artists paintsDouble Planetary Mixers - resins, plastisol, silicone.
Industries Served
We manufacture, import and sell some of the finest processing equipment produced in the world. This equipment includes Conical Screw Processors, Double Arm Sigma Blade Mixers & Extruder Mixers, High Shear Mixers, Planetary Mixers and Grinding Media, Pressure Vessel Clamps and other Process Equipment.
About us
News
Download
Reference Links
Contact us
Toggle navigation
Home
Product
Agitated Filtration & Drying Systems
Altern-Mill-Batch Mills
Ball Segment Valves
Conical Screw Blenders
Double Arm Mixers
Double Arm Mixer Extruders
Double Planetary Mixers
Double Ribbon & Paddle Blenders
Dual Shaft Variable Speed Mixers
Equipment Rental & Testing Facilities
Grinding Media
Multi-Shaft Mixers
Plough & Turbulent Blenders
Pressure Vessel Clamps
Process Equipment Parts & Service
Proportioning Discharge Press
Rebuilt & Refurbished Mixers
Refurbished Process Equipment
Sampling Valves
Used / Refurbished Equipment
Vee/Double Cone Blenders & Dryers
Liquid Vacuum Deaerators
Industries Served
Chemicals
Food
Pharmaceuticals
Cosmetics
Paints & Coatings
About us
News
Download
Contact Us
Jaygo, Inc. respects your privacy and our site visitors’ information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.Information Collected
If you request or submit information to us by sending an Email via sales@woocommerce-391951-1490431.cloudwaysapps.com or by filling out a “contact” form, we may save your Email address as well as any other information you provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, Email, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your Email and other information will not be sold to any third party.Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only Jaygo, Inc.’s website policy, and does not apply to sites that users access via links from our site. Jaygo, Inc. is not responsible for the information collecting policies of other sites, for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, or for the information or content contained therein. Often, links to other websites are provided solely on the basis that they may contain useful information for our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.Cookies
Jaygo, Inc.’s website does not use cookies.Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information
If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an Email with “Remove personal information” in the subject line.Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
Jaygo, Inc. may disclose information when legally compelled to do so: when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so or for the protection of our legal rights.Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that Jaygo, Inc. reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.This policy statement is made in the name of Jaygo, Inc. and is effective as of Mar 28, 2013. This statement does not create an agreement between Jaygo, Inc. and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.Jaygo, Inc.
7 Emery Avnue
Randolph, New Jersey 07869
Toll Free: 1-888-81-JAYGO
Phone: 908-688-3600
Email: sales@woocommerce-391951-1490431.cloudwaysapps.com
Website: www.jaygoinc.com
© 2020 Jaygo Incorporated, All Rights Reserved