https://jbn-duraline.com/site-map/privacy-policy/
386-873-2990
Inquire@JBN-Duraline.com
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
Duraline a Div of J. B. Nottingham & Co., Inc is committed to respecting your privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate protection and management of personal information you share with us (the phrase “personal information” means any information by which you can be identified, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, etc.). The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you what personal information we may collect from you, how we use such information, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to review and correct, the information. This policy applies only to customers in the United States.
Collecting Information About You
There may be times (such as when you purchase or order a product or to participate in contests, sweepstakes or promotions, etc.) when we ask you to provide certain information about yourself, such as your name, shipping/billing address, telephone number, email address, credit card information, birth date, gender, occupation, personal interests, etc. We may also maintain a record of your product purchases.
Whether or not to provide such information is completely your own choice. But if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to purchase products, or access certain services, offers and content on our web site. In addition, we may need to contact you via phone, email or mail to address questions or issues specific to your order, entry, etc., even if you have opted to not receive communications from us.
In general, you can visit many of our web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We may track the Internet domain address from which people visit us and analyze this data for trends and statistics, but individual users will remain anonymous, unless you voluntarily tell us who you are.
Using Information About You
We use the personal information you provide for internal purposes, such as confirming and tracking your order, subscription or registration, analyzing trends and statistics, informing you of our new products, services and offers, and providing you with information from and about Duraline.
We may contract with companies or persons to provide certain services including credit card processing, shipping, data management, promotional services, etc. We call them our Service Providers. We provide our Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform these services. We also ask our Service Providers to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with ours.
Although unlikely, in certain instances we may disclose your personal information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to Duraline. Brands or to others. We may also disclose your personal information when we believe the law requires it.
Editing, Updating, Correcting and Deleting Information About You
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive information from Duraline please let us know by calling us at 631-234-2002, or by sending us an email. Please be sure to include your email address, mailing address, full name, and specifically what information you do not want to receive. If you would like to update or correct your email address, mailing address or other personal information with us please contact us the same way.
Please note that any requests to remove or update your personal information may take up to ten days for your email request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request.
Cookies
Our web sites use “cookies.” A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Generally, we use cookies to remind us of who you are, tailor our products and services to suit your personal interests, estimate our audience size, assist our online merchants to track visits to and sales at our sites and to process your order, track your status in our promotions, contests and sweepstakes, and/or analyze your visiting patterns. You can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it.
Security
We take precautions, including use of sophisticated encryption and authentication tools, to protect the security of your personal information that you share with us. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our web sites, and you do so at your own risk.
We urge you to keep your password in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone. Also remember to log off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit. This is to ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place such as a library or Internet cafe.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web sites may contain links to web sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked sites may be different from our privacy policy. You access such linked sites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked site before disclosing any personal information on such site.
Policy Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting a notice on our web site. Those changes will go into effect on the date posted in the notice. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our web site and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent. This policy was posted in December 2006.
Copyrights
Copyright 1995-2003 Duraline. All Rights Reserved. The text, images, graphics, sound files, animation files, video files and their arrangement on Duraline Internet sites are all subject to copyright and other intellectual property protection. These objects may not be copied for commercial use or distribution, nor may these objects be modified or reposted to other sites. Some Duraline Internet sites also contain images that are subject to the copyright rights of their providers. No license to Duraline’s intellectual property has been granted by thisInternet site.
Download Our Brochure Click to download:
Updates Come visit us at the PowerGen Tradeshow in Orlando, FL!
March 30th – April 1st, 2021
Booth# 9066
Join our email list
First Name
Last Name
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
IndustriesMilitary
Construction
Mining
Transportation
Aviation
Outdoor Events
Entertainment
Shipbuilding
Marine
Safety
Education
Automotive
Office Hours Mon-Thur: 8:00am – 5:00pm
Fri – Sun: Closed
All times are Eastern Time Zone
Search...