https://jeffersonelectric.com/welcome/privacy-policy
Skip to content
PrivacyAs a trusted name in the electrical industry for over 100 years, Jefferson Electric’s relationship with its customers is paramount. In an attempt to get to know our visitors better, we may use “cookie” technology only to obtain non-personal information from our online visitors in order to improve their online experience. Cookies send a small amount of data to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive so we can recognize you without bothering you with another request to register. If you do not wish to be recognized refer to your Internet Browser to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, set your computer to block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored.
Information Collected from the SiteAny communication or material you post or transmit to Jefferson Electric is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. By transmitting or posting any communication or material to this site you agree that Jefferson Electric may use your communication for any purpose. The information contained herein is believed to be reliable. It is intended as a guide for use by persons having technical skills at their own discretion and risk. We do not guarantee favorable results or assume any liability in connection with its use. Dimensions provided herein are for reference purposes only. For specific dimensional requirements, consult the factory.
Disclaimer of WarrantiesThe information included on this website is to be used for informational purposes only. The information is provided on an “AS IS” basis only; while we have attempted to provide accurate and timely information, we do apologize for any inadvertent technical or factual inaccuracies and typographical errors, and reserve the right to make changes and corrections at any time, without notice. Jefferson Electric does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, text, graphics or links available on or through this site and expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions therein. Jefferson Electric hereby disclaims all warranties and conditions with respect to the content of this website, including, but not limited to all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and title. Jefferson Electric shall not be liable for any special, indirect, exemplary, or consequential damages or any other damages whatsoever, including but not limited to loss of use, data, or profits, arising out of access to or use of any content of this site or the content of any site or sites linked to this site.
HyperlinksA restricted number of hyperlinks are provided on this website for linking the user to other Internet sites/resources; such links to other sites are provided solely for the convenience of the user. Jefferson Electric has no control over the content, development and maintenance of such sites; the inclusion of such links does not imply endorsement, authorization, sponsorship or affiliation by Jefferson Electric with respect to such sites, their owners or providers. Jefferson Electric has neither tested nor verified the content, accuracy, opinions expressed or other links provided by such sites and disclaims any warranty or liability for damages associated therewith.
TrademarksJefferson Electric, the “J” logo, as well as products referenced in this website are registered or unregistered trademarks of Jefferson Electric. Other products and company names referenced on this website may be the trademarks of their respective owners. No permission is granted for using the company/product names, trademarks or trade names included on this website for any reason other than for non-commercial, informational purposes. Nothing contained on Jefferson Electric’s website should be construed as granting by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Jefferson websites without the written permission of Jefferson Electric. Misuse of any Trademarks, or any other content, displayed on Jefferson’s website is prohibited. Jefferson Electric aggressively enforce intellectual property rights, including via civil and criminal proceedings.