https://jeffmunnsagency.com/privacy-policy/
402-436-2140
Get a Free Quote
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy For Jeff Munns Agency
Privacy Policy
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
WHAT DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information.
DO WE DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website or one of our blogs. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We, therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We, therefore, will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
CHILDRENS ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products, and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
YOUR CONSENT
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
CONTACTING US
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Jeff Munns Agency, Inc.
1617 Normandy CT Ste 102
Lincoln, NE 68512
info@jmains.com
Get Your Personalized Quote!
Let us help you find insurance policies for your needs
Contact Our Agency
Get a Free Quote
FollowFollowFollow
I Need Insurance For
VehiclePropertyBusinessLife
Quick Links
HomeAboutInsuranceServiceBlogContactPrivacy PolicyDisclaimer
Contact Us
1617 Normandy CTSte 102Lincoln, NE 68512
Phone: 402-436-2140Fax: 402-436-2142