https://jelsert.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Effective Date February 20, 2017 (last updated February 20, 2017)
This Privacy Policy applies to the sites where it appears.
This Policy describes how we treat personal information on the websites where it is located. It also applies to our mobile sites. It also applies to the websites for certain Jel Sert brands. This Policy does not apply to the websites and practices of our other licensed brands which are covered by the Privacy Policies of the owners of those brands.
These sites are not intended for children.
Our sites are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 without permission from a parent or guardian. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us information, you can email us at customerservice@jelsert.com . You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this Policy. Please mark your inquiries “COPPA Information Request.” Parents, you can learn more about how to protect children's privacy on-line here.
We collect information from and about you.
We collect contact information. For example, we collect your name and email addresses if you contact us or enter a promotion. We may also collect your zip code.
We collect information you submit or post. We collect the information you post in a public space on our site. We also collect information when you contact us.
We collect demographic information. We may collect information like your gender and age. We may also collect your zip code. We might collect this when you contact us or enter a promotion.
We collect other usage information. If you use our website, we may collect information about the browser you’re using. We might look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us. We might also collect device identifiers.
We collect information in different ways.
We collect information directly from you. For example, if you sign up for our marketing emails or enter a promotion. We also collect information if you contact us.
We collect information from you passively. We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons. We do this on our websites and in emails that we send to you. We collect information about users over time when you use this website. We may have third parties collect information this way. Learn more about these tools and how you can control them, here.
We get information about you from third parties. For example, our business partners may give us information about you. Social media platforms may also give us information about you.
We use information as disclosed and described here.
We use information to respond to your requests or questions. For example, we might use your information to respond to your customer feedback. We may use your information to notify you if you win a contest or sweepstakes.
We use information to improve our products and services. We may use your information to make our website and products better. We might use your information to customize your experience with us.
We use information for security purposes. We may use information to protect our company, our customers, and our websites.
We use information for marketing purposes. For example, we might provide you with information about new products and special offers. We might also use your information to serve you ads about products and offers. We might tell you about new features or updates. These might be third party offers or products we think you might find interesting. If you enter one of our promotions, we may enroll you in our email newsletter. To learn about your choices for these communications, read the “Choices” section below.
We use information to communicate with you. For example, we may communicate with you about your feedback or our relationship. We might also contact you about this Policy or our website Terms.
We use information as otherwise permitted by law or as we may notify you.
We may share information with third parties.
We will share information within the Jel Sert family of brands.
We will share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, we share information with vendors who send emails for us. We may also share information with companies that operate our websites or run a promotion.
We may share information with third parties for their marketing purposes. These third parties may include our retail partners and licensed brands. They may include third parties who co-sponsor one of our promotions. They may also include third parties in whose products or services we believe you may be interested. These third parties may send you marketing communications by mail or email. These third parties may also share your information with others. These third parties may use the information for their own marketing purposes or the marketing purposes of others. This may include the delivery of interest based advertising.
We will share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves. For example, we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may share it if a government agency or investigatory body requests. We might share information when we are investigating potential fraud. This might include fraud we think has happened during a sweepstakes or promotion. Or we may share your information if you are the winner of a sweepstakes or other contest with anyone who requests a winner’s list.
We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business is sold we may give our customer list as part of that transaction.
We may share information for other reasons we may describe to you.
You have certain choices about how we use your information.
You can opt out of receiving our marketing emails. To stop receiving our promotional emails, follow the instructions in any promotional message you get from us. Even if you opt out of getting marketing messages, we will still send you transactional messages. These include responses to your questions.
You can control cookies and tracking tools. To learn how to manage how we – and our vendors – use cookies and other tracking tools, and to read our Do Not Track policy, please click here.
Your California privacy rights.
If you reside in California, you have the right to ask us one time each year if we have shared personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make a request, please send us an email at customerservice@jelsert.com , or write to us at the address listed below. Indicate in your letter that you are a California resident making a “Shine the Light” inquiry.
We use standard security measures.
The Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our sites will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. This includes not sharing your passwords.
We may link to other sites or apps or have third party services on our platforms we don’t control
If you click on a third party link, you will be taken to a platform we do not control. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of that website or platform. Read the other companies’ privacy policies carefully. We are not responsible for these third parties.
Feel free to contact us if you have more questions.
If you have any questions about this Policy, please email us at customerservice@jelsert.com.
You can also write to us or call at: The Jel Sert Company
501 Conde St.
West Chicago, IL 60185
Phone: 1(630) 231-7590
Toll Free: 1 (800) 323-2595
We may update this Policy.
From time to time we may change our privacy policies. We will notify you by email of any material changes to our Policy as required by law. We will also post an updated copy on our website. Please check our site periodically for updates.
© 2017 The Jel Sert Company. All rights reserved.