https://jerseymortgage.com/privacy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Legal
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy ("policy") will help you understand how Jersey Mortgage Company uses  and protects the data you provide to us when you visit and use JerseyMortgage.com.
We reserve the right to change this policy at any given time. Please visit this page to remain updated on changes to our privacy policy.
Restrictive Laws
Laws prohibit us from sharing certain information within our affiliated family of banks and companies without your express written or oral consent or, in a few cases, under any circumstances.
What User Data We Collect
When you visit the website, we may collect the following data:
Your IP address.
Your contact information and email address.
Data profile regarding your online behavior on our website.
Why We Collect Your Data
We are collecting your data for several reasons:
To better understand your needs.
To improve our services and products.
To send you promotional emails containing the information we think are in line with your interest in mortgage financing.
To customize our website according to your online behavior and personal preferences.
Safeguarding and Securing the Data
Jersey Mortgage Company is committed to securing your data and keeping it confidential. We do all in our power to prevent data theft, unauthorized access, and disclosure by implementing the latest technologies and software, which help us safeguard all the information we collect online.
Our Cookie Policy
Once you agree to allow our website to use cookies, you also agree to use the data it collects regarding your online behavior (analyze web traffic, web pages you spend the most time on, etc). The data we collect by using cookies is used to customize our website to your needs. Please note that cookies don't allow us to gain control of your computer in any way. They are strictly used to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not so that we can provide a better experience for you.
Contact Jersey Mortgage Company
If you have a question or concern about your data with us, please contact us by using the information below:
511 South Avenue East
Cranford, New Jersey 07016
info@jerseymortgage.com
(800) 342-6597   toll free
Cookie Declaration
INQUIRE HERE!
First Name*
Last Name*
Email*
Phone
Message
Send
Thank You!
Someone will reach out to youas soon as possible.
INQUIRE HERE!