https://jesma.com/en/jesma-a-s-weighing-solutions-privacy-directive/
Jesma A/S weighing solutions Privacy Directive
Privacy Policy
Based on EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which is valid from 25th May 2018. Jesma Vejeteknik A/S believes that your personal data belongs to you. We aim to respect and process your personal data with due care at all times. When visiting our website, you shall feel confident that your privacy is respected.
The purpose of this policy is to inform you of the types of Personal Data we collect when use one of the Jesma Vejeteknik A/S web sites and the steps we take protect and safeguard your personal information.
We only collect and process personal information where we have lawful grounds to do so, and in accordance with Data Privacy Laws.
On request, Jesma Vejeteknik A/S will provide you with further information regarding our processing and protection of your personal data when visiting our websites or communicating with us through other channels. Please see the contact section below.
Just visiting our website
IP Addresses, Internet Browsers, Operating Systems, Domain Names: By accessing and browsing our website, we do not require personal identifiable information. We may collect limited non-personal identifying information your browser makes available whenever you visit a website.
For example, we may collect your computer’s IP address. The IP address does not identify you as an individual but does identify your Internet service provider. Other non-personally identifiable information that we may collect include the type of Internet browser used, browser language, the type of computer operating system used, and the domain name of the website from which you visited our site. The information is aggregated to provide broad demographic information, such as the geographic location of visitors and how long they stay on our site. Collecting this type of information allows us to administer our site, diagnose server problems, analyze trends and statistics, and provide better customer service. All of this is collected via Google Analytics.
Cookies
When you visit our website, we may send “cookies” to your computer. A cookie is a small text file or piece of data that a website that you visit can place or save onto your computer. Cookies do not themselves contain any personally identifiable information.
However, if you provide such personally identifiable information to us (such as by registering for an Internet related service or password provided by us), such information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
There are two types of cookies:
The first type saves a file for a longer period of time onto your computer, and it can remain on your computer after you shut it off. Such cookie could, for example, be used to tell a visitor what information on the website has been updated since his or her last visit to that website.
The second type of cookie is called “session cookie.” While you are visiting a website, session cookies are temporarily stored in your computer’s memory. This could be done, for example, to keep track of what language you have chosen at the website. Session cookies are not stored for a long period of time on your computer since they disappear when you close your web browser.
We may use third parties to assist us in collecting or processing information obtained through cookies.
We may use cookies for a number of reasons, such as: to compile anonymous statistics related to patterns and trends of browsing; to store preference data.
How to Avoid Cookies
With most Internet browsers, you can set the browser to block cookies, erase cookies from your computer hard drive, or notify you that a web page contains cookies before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. Please note that some of our web pages may not work properly without the use of cookies.
Changes to this Notice
Jesma Vejeteknik A/S reserves the right to amend this policy from time to time. We expect most such changes to be minor, but there may be changes that are more significant. The date of the last modification is stated at the end of this document.
We will post those changes on this page and we will also provide a more prominent notice if the changes are significant. Each version will be noted at the top of the page. Prior version of this Privacy Policy will be kept in an archive to view.
Contact
If you have any additional questions or wish to exercise your rights, please feel free to contact us any time at kln@jesma.dk or dk@jesma.dk
You can find more help on how to turn off the cookies on your browser here.
Please note that some of our web pages may not work properly without the use of cookies.
Version
This policy was published on 24th May 2018.
Cart
Item Removed.
Undo
No products in the cart.
Subtotal
DKK 0,00
Total
DKK 0,00
Proceed to checkout
Checkout -
DKK 0,00
0
1
We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience.
By clicking any link on this page you are giving your consent for us to set cookies. Privacy policyI Understand