http://jessupbrothers.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
Below is a summary of our online privacy policy
Your privacy is important to you, and to Jessup. We will take every step to keep your information private. Jessup uses modern, secure, industry standard systems that achieve a high level of security. We also have an independently audited ISO9001-2015 Quality Management Process that ensures we deliver consistently high quality processes to manage data, and we are fully compliant with the Data Protection Act 2018, which incorporates General Data Protection Regulation. We also have confidential shredding/waste management for disposal of paper information.
What personal information do we collect?
In general, when you visit our web site and access information you remain anonymous. Should you choose to contact us, by email, post, or phone, you will be required to provide basic contact information in order for us to respond to your query. We do not use this information for any other purpose, nor pass that information on to any third party, except where a sub-contractor may need to be involved to fix a defect reported on your home. In this case we will pass the minimum amount of your contact details required for the sub-contractor to arrange a visit to your home. Telephone calls to/from our office may be recorded for security purposes to help eliminate fraud. These call recordings are retained for 30 days maximum and general staff do not have access to call recordings. Your information will only be retained for as long as is required to adequately respond and will then be confidentially deleted in full compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our construction sites may operate CCTV for Health and Safety and Security purposes. This CCTV covers the site area and access points on to and off the site. The CCTV systems are password protected and not generally accessible to staff. CCTV recordings are deleted automatically after 30 days, or sooner.
GDPR gives you the right to request from us what information we hold about you, and to request that we delete it if needed. We commit to complying with your request whilst considering any contractual or legal obligation to retain and/or process your information.
Jessup is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office, registration number ZA369297
CookiesThis site uses cookies to help you anonymously navigate around the site. It does not hold any personal information. Find out more.Okay, thanks