http://jessupbrothers.co.uk/home-user-guide-app/home-user-guide-app-help/
places to LIVE
places to WORK
places to THRIVE
places to ENJOY
Home User Guide App help The Home User Guide Application is intended for residents and homeowners of properties built by Jessup since June 2014. If your paper Home User Guide contains a page with your “Plot Reference” and details about the app on it, you should be able to download the app and view your details on your mobile device. If your paper Home User Guide does not contain these details it is likely that your Home Use Guide cannot be viewed via the application.
If you are experiencing problems, the following details may help. If not, please email us at enquiries@jessupbrothers.co.uk
I can’t find the app on Google Play Store or iTunes Store
On your mobile device, open up the Google Play Store or iTunes Store, and search for “Jessup Home User Guide”. If the app listing does not appear to include the Jessup Home User Guide app, showing the logo at the top of this page, you can scan the QR codes below which should take you to the appropriate item in the store. NOTE: you will need to download a barcode scanner app in order to scan these QR codes. There are several free scanner apps on the app stores, which can be found by searching for “barcode scanner”.
How do I view my Home User Guide?
I have entered my Plot Reference but my Home User Guide is not available
Once you have launched the Home User Guide app, the front screen should show a list of links, the top one being “View Your Home User Guide”. Pressing this link will either retrieve your Home User Guide (if you have previously entered your Plot Reference code), or will take you to a screen which asks you to enter your Plot Reference code. For properties built since June 2014, your paper Home User Guide should contain a page detailing your Plot Reference, and how to access the app. If it does not contain these details your Home User Guide cannot be accessed via the app. Enter the Plot Reference as shown in the paper Home User Guide (in the format “A0000” where “A” is an alpha character and “0000” is a 4 digit number). Once you have entered the reference, press “Save” to retrieve your Home User Guide. You will receive an error response if your Home User Guide cannot be found. If it isn’t found, check that you have entered the Plot Reference correctly. If you believe you have entered the correct Plot Reference and still cannot retrieve the Home User Guide, email or call us at the contact details shown below.
NOTE: You need to have an active data connection to view your Home User Guide. This can be either a wifi internet connection, or mobile data connection (2G, 3G, 4G).
I have downloaded the Home User Guide and the details are incorrect
If you have retrieved your Home User Guide and you believe the details are incorrect you can email or call us at the contact details shown below. Before you do, ensure that the Plot Reference you entered matches the one shown in your paper Home User Guide document.
I have downloaded the app but it won’t install correctly
Occasionally an app might not install if there is insufficient space on your device, or there is a problem downloading the app. If this happens, try again, and consider creating space on your device (by deleting unwanted apps, photos, videos, etc). If you still cannot install the app, you can email or call us at the contact details shown below.
I can’t see the map
If the app correctly retrieves your home user guide but the map appears blank you may need to clear your location preferences (this applies to specifically to Apple devices – when you install an app that accesses location you should get a warning asking if you want to let it access your location. If you don’t accept the warning the maps will not show). On your Apple device (iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch) try clearing the location preferences via: Settings -> General -> Reset -> Reset Location & Privacy. Note that clearing this location privacy will clear the setting for all apps which access location. You can reset these in each application next time you use them.
The app crashes when I report a defect
When you report a defect, you have the option to upload images. On Android devices specifically, there can be a problem where the device internal memory cannot handle large images. This causes the app to close and restart. If this occurs on your device, try taking photos at lower resolution. If you are unable to send images at all via the app, just submit the defect description and, if required, you will be contacted for further information.
If you are still having problems, call us on 01543 462 468 or email enquiries@jessupbrothers.co.uk
QR Codes for accessing the app on the app stores:-
Google Play QR code (scan this if you have an Android device)
Apple iTunes QR code (scan this if you have an Apple device)
CookiesThis site uses cookies to help you anonymously navigate around the site. It does not hold any personal information. Find out more.Okay, thanks