http://jimtunney.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Jim Tunney
Jim Tunney Youth Foundation
Foundation Events
Programs
Customer Care
Leadership
Power of the WILL
T.E.A.M Building
Wellness
Audience Comments
Meeting Planners
Clients
Honors and Awards
NSA Awards & Designations
Designations
Speaker Client List
Speaker Testimonials
Submit Testminonial
Videos
Media
Photo Gallery
Store
Blog
Contact
Home »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage, at the bottom of each page and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on this website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
E-mail Address
Phone Number
Fax Number
Company Name
On some pages, you may submit information about other people. For example, if you refer a page on our site to a recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s e-mail address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
E-mail Address
Message
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself in various forms on our website only for the purpose stated on the form. We do not share this information with outside parties. We use the information you provide about someone else in the same manner.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Newsletters
Information you provide about yourself when you register for our e-mail newsletter is used to distribute our newsletter. At a minimum we require your e-mail address, and possibly other information. We will not send this newsletter to you unless you’ve subscribed or someone has subscribed you to our newsletter. At anytime you should not want to receive our newsletter, we provide an opt-out form on the subscribe page that allows you to remove yourself from our distribution list.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please refer to our Contact section for a phone number or e-mail address.
Tunney Youth Foundation
Jim’s Store
Books
DVD's
Jim Tunney
Join Me on Facebook
Testimonials