https://jingtea.com/terms-and-condition
Back
Terms & Conditions of Sale
GBP
Terms and Conditions of Website Sale
JING Tea Ltd provides access to the jingtea.com website (the “website”) and sell our products to you subject to the conditions set out on this page. Our aim is to provide the very best customer service that we can.
1. Despatch
Goods should be despatched within three business days of ordering. If an item is out of stock and we are unable to despatch within five business days, we will advise you by email as soon as possible after receipt of your order and offer you a full refund or partial shipment of your order.
Delivery times and estimates are subject to receipt of an order before the daily cut-off point. Find out more about our delivery costs and arrival times.
All goods purchased by you will be delivered within 30 calendar days of our order confirmation unless otherwise agreed.
2. Cancellation
You may cancel your order at any time within 14 days, beginning on the day after you received the goods. In this case, you will receive a full refund of the price of the original goods and standard delivery charges.
To cancel your order, you must inform us in writing. You must also return the goods to us at your own cost. For further details, please see clause 3.5.
3. Returns
JING Tea aims to always provide high quality goods that are fault free and undamaged.  On occasion however, goods may need to be returned. Returns are governed by these Terms and Conditions.
3.1 If you receive goods which do not match those that you ordered, you should contact us within 30 calendar days to arrange collection and return. You will be given the option to have the goods replaced with those ordered (if available) or to be refunded through the payment method used by you when purchasing the goods.  Replacements will be issued upon our receipt of the returned goods. We are fully responsible for paying shipment costs. Goods must be returned in their original condition with all packaging and documentation. The packaging does not need to be unopened. Refunds will be issued within 14 days and in any event no later than 30 calendar days after receipt of the returned goods. Refunds will include standard delivery charges. We regret that additional costs such as express delivery and gift-wrapping cannot be refunded.
3.2 If goods are damaged in transit and the damage is apparent on delivery, you should sign any applicable delivery note to the effect that the goods have been damaged. To return the damaged goods, please contact us within 30 calendar days to arrange collection and return. We are fully responsible for paying shipment costs.  You will be given the option to have the goods replaced or to be refunded through the payment method used by you when purchasing the goods. Replacements will be issued upon Our receipt of the returned goods. Refunds will be issued no later than 30 calendar days after receipt of the returned goods and will include standard delivery charges. We regret that additional costs such as express delivery and gift-wrapping cannot be refunded.
3.3 If any goods you have purchased have faults when they are delivered to you, you should contact us within 30 calendar days to arrange collection and return. You will be given the option to have the goods replaced or to be refunded through the payment method used by you when purchasing the goods. We are fully responsible for paying shipment costs. Replacements will be issued upon our receipt of the returned goods.  Refunds will be issued within 14 days and in any event no later than 30 calendar days after receipt of the returned goods. Refunds will include standard delivery charges. We regret that additional costs such as express delivery and gift-wrapping cannot be refunded.
3.4 If any goods you have purchased develop faults within 30 calendar days of delivery, you may be entitled to a replacement but not a refund. In order to arrange for such a replacement you should contact us within the 30 calendar day period to arrange collection and return. We will assess the goods and alleged faults upon receipt and if we conclude (at our sole discretion, acting reasonably and in good faith) determine that the fault is not a result of mistreatment by you (deliberate, negligent or otherwise), we will issue replacement goods at no additional cost to you.
3.5 If you are a consumer based within the European Union, you have a statutory right to a “cooling off” period. This period begins once your order is complete and ends 14 calendar days after the goods have been delivered to you. If the goods are delivered to you in instalments, the 14 calendar day period begins on the day that you receive the final instalment. If you change your mind about the goods within this period, please inform us within 14 calendar days of receipt. Goods must be returned to us within 14 calendar days of the day on which you inform us that you wish to return the goods. You are responsible for paying return shipment costs if goods are returned for this reason. Find out more about the estimated rates for return. Refunds will be issued no later than 14 calendar days after receipt of the returned goods. We regret that additional costs such as express delivery and gift-wrapping cannot be refunded.
3.6 JING Tea may not be able to accept returns under the cooling off period of the following types of goods and/or taking into account the following circumstances:
3.6.1 Goods made to your specifications or that have been personalised;
3.6.2 Goods which are liable to deteriorate or expire rapidly;
3.6.3 Goods which are sealed for health or hygiene reasons that have been unsealed after delivery;
3.6.4 Goods which are, after delivery, according to their nature, inseparably mixed with other items;
3.6.5 Any use or enjoyment that you may have already had out of the Goods beyond handling them to the extent necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of them (such as you would, for example, handle a display item in a shop). Please note that opening packaging does not prevent you from returning Goods unless the Goods fall under sub-Clauses 3.6.3 or 3.6.4 and in any event does not include the opening of delivery packaging, only the packaging of the product itself.
4. Pricing and availability
While we make every effort to ensure the accuracy of the pricing and availability information on the website, there may be occasions when these are not up to date and we reserve the right to change them without notice.
Postage is calculated according the weight of the order and the destination. We try to ensure that this is current and accurate for the destination but reserve the right to amend if necessary.
5. Currency
Please note that prices shown in currencies other than GBP are indicative values based on exchange rates that are updated regularly. All transactions on the website are processed in GBP.
6. Customs
When ordering goods for delivery outside the UK , you are responsible for ensuring compliance with the laws of the importing country and for paying all applicable customs duties, taxes and import charges.
7. Your Account
If you use the website, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer to prevent unauthorised access to your account. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. You should take all necessary steps to ensure that the password is kept confidential and secure and should inform us immediately if you have any reason to believe that your password has become known to anyone else, or if the password is being, or is likely to be, used in an unauthorised manner.
Please ensure that the details you provide us with are correct and complete and inform us immediately of any changes to the information that you provided when registering. You can access and update much of the information you provided us with in the ‘my account’ area of the website.
JING reserves the right to refuse access to the website, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders at our discretion. If we cancel an order, it will be without charge to you.
Only consumers may purchase products from us on this website. If you are a business wishing to purchase these products for resale please contact us on +44 (0) 207 183 2113 or at customerservices@jingtea.com.
8. Your Conduct
You must not use the website in any way that causes, or is likely to cause, the website or access to it to be impaired in any way. Neither may you cause it to be changed or modified in any way.
9. Losses
JING will not be responsible for any loss arisiing from the use of this website or in repsect to the purchase of any goods hereunder.
10. Governing law and jurisdiction
These conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
11. Alteration of Service or Amendments to the Conditions
We reserve the right to make changes to our website, policies, and these Conditions at any time.
12. Digital Gift Cards (DGC)
You can redeem DGC online (www.JINGTEA.com) only as part or full payment.
The following exclusions apply to use of our DGC: they may not be used for JING Tea subscription services, booking retail tea flights on our website or in store, or for payments taken over the telephone. Currently we are unable to accept DGC in our St Christopher’s Place retail store, over the telephone or via any third-party outlets or partnerships.
Please protect your DGC and look after it as you would for your cash; we cannot replace lost, stolen or damaged cards.
DGC will expire automatically 24 months from date of purchase if not already fully used. Upon expiry we will not refund any balance remaining and we will invalidate the DGC.
DGC can be purchased on our website, www.JINGTEA.com, with a minimum value of £20. DGC have a maximum value of £200.
All balances on a DGC are in GBP (Sterling).
DGC cannot be exchanged for cash. We do not give change or cash refunds on DGC.
If you are using a DGC online and the total order value is less than the DGC value, any balance will remain on the DGC and may be applied to future purchases, provided that the DGC has not expired.
If you return goods you have purchased online using a DGC, we’ll credit monies owing back to your DGC. This does not affect your statutory rights.
If a partial refund is made for any purchase using a DGC and another method of payment, then any refund amount owing will be credited to the DGC in the first instance.
Products purchased with a DGC cannot be returned to JING Tea’s retail stores for exchange or refund. Refunds and exchanges are handled through the Customers Services team.
If the total to be refunded is more than originally paid by DGC, then the remaining refund balance will be refunded to the other method of payment used (debit/credit card).
We reserve the right to refuse to accept a DGC which we deem to be tampered with, duplicated or which otherwise is suspected to be affected by fraud.
13. Offers & Promotional Codes
Only one eligible Discount Code may be applied to a single order at any time at the Checkout.
Offer-specific terms and conditions may apply (e.g. expiry date, country restriction) – see offer for details.
All promotional offers are contingent on availability, we may change the terms of special offers and promotional codes, or withdraw them altogether, at any time, and without prior notice.
Free delivery offers only available to UK mainland addresses.
All in-store tea flights are excluded from any marketing promotional codes or offers.
Black Friday is an online promotion only. Digital Gift Cards and recurring & subscription payments are excluded from Black Friday promotions. Customers can not redeem Black Friday promotions in our retail store, nor are they valid for use on the Trade portal (jingtea.com/tradeportal).
14. The JING Store & Tea Flights
We are working hard to make it possible to purchase online and collect in store. We apologise that this facility is not yet available.
Every person who purchases a £25 tea flight may redeem £10 of their ticket price to spend in store on the day of their tea flight.
Every person who purchases a £100 Essence tea flight will be gifted a Tea Master Set on the day of their tea flight.
This cannot be redeemed in conjunction with any other offer and cannot be redeemed on any other date, other than the original date of the tea flight.
Present a copy of your tea flight booking receipt at the till to make the redemption.
15. JING Tea Bag Sample Set
Complimentary delivery applies to orders of the Tea Bag Sample Set only.
Details of how to redeem your £5 back will be included in your order.
This product cannot be redeemed against further sample sets, gift cards or in conjunction with another code.
One sample set per order.
Additional shipping charges may apply if additional products are added at Checkout.
JING reserves the right to amend the terms of use of the code at any time.
16. Recuring Payments and Subscription Services (see next section for Explorer & Adventurer Subscriptions)
To benefit from recuring and subscription payments, you must pay the applicable product charges. The charges must be paid during checkout. We will send you an acknowledgement of your order. The contract between us for the supply of the product(s) shall come into force upon the issue of the order acknowledgement.
Your first subscription payment for monthly or quarterly will be taken at the time of the order being placed by you on our website. Subsequent payments for monthly subscriptions will be taken at a similar point each month. Subsequent payments for quarterly subscriptions will be taken at a similar point during the third month after your subscription has started and subsequently thereafter.
You will have the opportunity to identify and correct input errors during the order checkout process.
For so long as your account and subscription remain active in accordance with these Terms & Conditions, you will benefit from the features specified on our website in relation to your subscription type.
We will dispatch your subscription items in and around the same date every month, or quarter, provided that you are an active subscriber to either our monthly or quarterly plan and we were able to successfully collect your monthly or quarterly subscription payment.
Subscription plans exclude delivery charges. These are calculated, and the additional costs will be displayed, during the checkout process.
You are responsible for keeping your delivery address details up to date on your account section of our website or by notifying us by using the contact details on our website. Your notification of change of delivery of address must reach us 10 working days prior to the start of the month you want the change to take effect in.
We may from time to time vary the benefits associated with a subscription by posting a new subscription description on our website, providing that if in our reasonable opinion such a variation results in a substantial loss of value or functionality, you shall have the right to cancel your subscription, and we will refund to you a pro rata amount of the fee paid in respect of your subscription, such amount to be calculated by us using any reasonable methodology.
If you wish to cancel your subscription, please use the online account management section of our website or contact us using the contact details on our website.
Your services will automatically end at the end of any period of subscription for which you have paid, subject to the other provisions of these Terms & Conditions. We will contact you by email 21 days before the end of your last month to invite you to renew your services.
17. Explorer and Adventurer Subscriptions(see above section for Recurring Payments and Subscription Services)
We provide these three and sixth month subscriptions for customers to explore and enjoy our world of single-garden teas. Our Explorer and Adventurer subscriptions consist of a different tea(s) each month personally selected by us from our range.
Despatch is via Royal Mail and will be processed in and around the third week of each month.
Only available for delivery to UK addresses at this time.
Postage is included in all shipments except for when the subscription plan is purchased as part of an order containing other products and where postage costs are applicable.
You are responsible for keeping your delivery address details up to date by notifying us by using the contact details on our website.
The Explorer and Adventurer subscriptions are for a fixed period of time. They do not renew at the end of the plan.
Should a customer wish to cancel the subscription service before the end date, the customer will not be entitled to any refunds for outstanding amounts.
When purchasing a subscription along with other items, all the subsequent items will be sent along with the 1st months delivery.
18. Virtual Tea Flights
All virtual tea flights are offered subject to the availability of dates and times. We advise booking as early as possible to guarantee the desired date and time.
Virtual Tea Flights are available Monday to Saturday between 9am and 7pm.
The experience is valid for booking for 1 year from the date of purchase.
19. 1-2-1 Consultations
All 1-2-1 consultations are offered subject to the availability of dates and times. We advise booking as early as possible to guarantee the desired date and time.
Consultations are available Monday to Friday between 9am and 6pm.
The experience is valid for booking for 1 year from the date of purchase.
—
If you have any questions regarding our terms of conditions, please don’t hesitate to contact our customer services team
Loading...