https://jingtea.com/terms-of-website-use
Back
Terms of Website Use
GBP
Terms of Website Use
1. Important Notice
This Terms of Website Use incorporating our Acceptable Use Policy (‘Website Terms’), together with our Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy, applies to your use of the JING’s website namely www.jingtea.com (‘our site’), whether as a guest or as a registered user. Use of our site includes accessing, browsing, or registering to use our site.
Please read these Website Terms, as well as our Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy, carefully before you start to use our site. By accessing or using our site, you confirm that you have read, understood and accept these Website Terms and our Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy in their entirety each time you access our site and that you agree to comply with them. If you do not agree to these Website Terms, or our Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy, please do not use our site.
We recommend that you print a copy of this page for future reference.
2. Other applicable terms
These Website Terms:
include our Acceptable Use Policy below which sets out the permitted uses and prohibited uses of our site.  When using our site, you must comply with the Acceptable Use Policy; and
refer to our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy which sets out (i) the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us and (ii) information about the cookies on our site. By using our site, you consent to the processing of your personal data and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
We will only use your personal information as set out in our Privacy Policy.
If you purchase goods from our site, contracts for the supply of goods through our site or as a result of visits made by you are governed by our Terms and Conditions of Website Sale.
3. Information about us
www.jingtea.com is a site operated by JING Tea Limited (‘JING’, ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’ as context requires).  We are a limited company registered in England and Wales under company number 5142045 and have our registered office at Linton Park, Linton, Maidstone, Kent, England, ME17 4AN, United Kingdom.
Our main trading address is Jing Tea Limited, 5 Hobart Place, Belgravia, London, SW1W 0HU, UK. Our VAT number is 846500727.
4. Accessing our site
Our site is made available free of charge. Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to suspend, withdraw, discontinue or amend the service we provide on our site for business or operational purposes without notice.
We may transfer our rights and obligations under these Website Terms to another organisation. We will always tell you in writing if this happens and we will ensure that the transfer will not affect your rights under the contract.
Access may be terminated or suspended in relation to specific or to all users or customers who have registered with us.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. To the extent permitted by law, we will not be liable to you if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these Website Terms and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
5. Your account and password
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose such information to any third party. In the event that a third party gains access to your user name or password, you should notify us immediately by emailing customer services.To the extent permitted by law, we are not liable for any loss resulting from your failure to protect the confidentiality of your username or password.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Website Terms.
6. Intellectual property rights and trademarks.
The trademarks ‘JING’, ‘Tea-iere’ and ‘Jade Sword’ are, inter alia, owned and registered by us both in the UK and as Community Trademarks. ‘JING’ is also owned and registered by us in multiple other jurisdictions worldwide. You are not permitted to use any of our trademarks without our approval.
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material (including text, photographs, images and designs) published on it. Those works are protected by trademarks, design rights, copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
If you acquire any rights in or to our site or materials on it, you agree to transfer those rights, on a worldwide basis, to us and unconditionally and irrevocably to waive all moral and other rights you may have acquired.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to material posted on our site.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without first contacting us and obtaining an express licence to do so from us or from our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these Website Terms, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
7. No reliance on information
The content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action based on the content on our site. We disclaim to the fullest extent permitted by law all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on the content on our site by any visitor to our site, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
8. Limitation of our liability
If we fail to comply with these Website Terms, we are responsible for any loss or damage you suffer that is a foreseeable result of our breach of these Website Terms or our negligence. Loss or damage is foreseeable if they were an obvious consequence of our breach or if they were contemplated by you and us at the time you accessed or used our site and accepted these Website Terms in doing so. We do not accept liability for any loss or damage which was not foreseeable.
To the extent we may lawfully do so we exclude liability for any implied terms and conditions including those implied by statute, common law or the law of equity.
We only provide our site for domestic and private use. You agree not to use it for any commercial, business or re-sale purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
However, nothing in these Website Terms shall affect our liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, nor our liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Nothing in these Website Terms affect your legal rights as a consumer. Advice about your legal rights is available from your local Citizens’ Advice Bureau or Trading Standards office.
Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result of the supply of any goods by us to you, which will be set out in our Terms and Conditions of Sale.
9. Uploading content to our site
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to our site, or to make contact with other users of our site, you must comply with the content standards set out in the Acceptable Use Policy within these Website Terms.
You warrant that any such contribution complies with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. If you are a consumer user, this means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.
Any content you upload to our site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and you grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable licence to use, store, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any such content for any purpose. You may request the removal of content you have uploaded to our site by contacting customer services and we shall endeavour to remove it as soon as practicable.
We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to our site constitutes a violation of their rights (including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy).
We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any content posted by you or any other user of our site.
We have the right to remove any posting you make on our site if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.
The views expressed by other users on our site do not represent our views or values.
10. Viruses, hacking and other offences
We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.  You are accessing our site at your own risk and, to the extent permitted by law, we will not be liable for any loss or damage suffered by you as a result of viruses or other harmful material which you access from our site.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, Trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed-denial-of-service attack.
By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach or potential breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities, and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
11. Linking to our site
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you
Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
If you wish to make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact customer services.
12. Third party links and resources in our site
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have not reviewed and have no control over the contents of those sites or resources and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. The presence of links to third party sites is not intended to and shall not constitute a recommendation by us of such sites nor of any advice or information posted on them.
Additionally, our site may include information and materials uploaded by other users of the site, including reviews. This information and these materials have not been verified or approved by us. The views expressed by other users on our site do not represent our views or values.
If you wish to complain about information and materials uploaded by other users please contact us on customer services.
13. Changes to these Website Terms
We may revise these Website Terms at any time by amending this page.
These Website Terms were most recently updated on 21 February 2020.
Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. By continuing to access our site after the Website Terms have changed, you are agreeing that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by the updated Website Terms.
Some of the provisions contained in these Website Terms may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
14. Changes to our site
We may update our site from time to time without notice and may change the content at any time to reflect changes to our products, our users’ needs and for other business or legal reasons.
However, please note that any of the content on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update it.
Our site and the information contained in it is provided for your use “as is” without any warranty (whether express or implied) of any kind.  We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will be free from errors or omissions.
15. Laws
The courts of England and Wales will have jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our site and you hereby irrevocably submit to that jurisdiction, although:
We retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these Website Terms in your country of residence or any other relevant country.
If you are a consumer and you are a resident of Northern Ireland, you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are a resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
These Website Terms, the Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy, and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
If any of the Website Terms is or becomes invalid or contravenes any law then the remaining provisions shall not be affected.
No failure by us in exercising a right or remedy of these Website Terms shall constitute a waiver of such right or remedy or of any other rights or remedies.
16. Contact us
If you have any concerns about material which appears on our site, please email customer services.
ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY
You may use our site for lawful purposes only. You must not use our site in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation or which is in any way unlawful or fraudulent, or has an unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.
You must not use our site:
For the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way.
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our content standards (as set out below).
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam).
To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
You also agree not to:
Reproduce, duplicate, copy (including storing and downloading), print or re-sell any part of our site except as expressly permitted in these Website Terms.
Access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:
(a)     any part of our site;
(b)     any equipment or network on which our site is stored;
(c)     any software used in the provision of our site; or
(d)     any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
Interactive services
We may from time to time provide interactive services on our site, including, without limitation:
Bulletin boards; and
Rating and Reviews pages, (each, ‘interactive services’).
Where we do provide any interactive service, we will provide clear information to you about the kind of service offered, if it is moderated and what form of moderation is used (including whether it is human or technical).
We will do our best to assess any possible risks for users (and in particular, for children) from third parties when they use any interactive service provided on our site, and we will decide in each case whether it is appropriate to use moderation of the relevant service (including what kind of moderation to use) in the light of those risks. However, we are under no obligation to oversee, monitor or moderate any interactive service we provide on our site, and we expressly exclude our liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of any interactive service by a user in contravention of our content standards, whether the service is moderated or not.
The use of any of our interactive services by a minor is subject to the consent of their parent or guardian. We advise parents who permit their children to use an interactive service that it is important that they communicate with their children about their safety online, as moderation is not fool proof. Minors who are using any interactive service should be made aware of the potential risks to them.
Where we do moderate an interactive service, we will normally provide you with a means of contacting the moderator, should a concern or difficulty arise.
Content standards
These content standards apply to any and all material which you contribute to our site (‘contributions’), and to any interactive services associated with it.
You must comply with the spirit of the following standards. The standards apply to each part of any contribution as well as to its whole.
Contributions must:
Be accurate (where they state facts).
Be genuinely held (where they state opinions).
Comply with applicable law in England and Wales and in any country from which they are posted.
Contributions must not:
Contain any material which is defamatory of any person.
Contain any material which is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory.
Promote sexually explicit material.
Promote violence.
Promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
Infringe any copyright, database right, trademark or any other intellectual property (whether registered or unregistered) of any other person.
Be likely to deceive any person.
Be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence.
Promote any illegal activity.
Be threatening, abuse or invade another’s privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety.
Be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person.
Be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person.
Give the impression that they emanate from us, if this is not the case.
Advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
Suspension and termination
We will determine, in our discretion, whether there has been a breach of this Acceptable Use Policy through your use of our site. When a breach of this Acceptable Use Policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate.
Failure to comply with this Acceptable Use Policy constitutes a material breach of our Website Terms upon which you are permitted to use our site, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:
Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our site.
Immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to our site.
Issue of a warning to you.
Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach.
Further legal action against you.
Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of this Acceptable Use Policy. The responses described in this Acceptable Use Policy are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
You warrant that you will comply with the above standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. This means that you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.
—
If you have any questions regarding our terms of website use, please don’t hesitate to contact our customer services team
Loading...