https://jksmfg.com/p-9426-privacy.html
Album is empty. Click Here to edit and add images »
Scroll to top
Open
Close
JKS Manufacturing - Privacy Policy
Effective Date: December 30, 2019
Last Update: December 30, 2019
Privacy Policy
If you are a California resident, please click here for more information about your specific privacy rights.
ACCESSIBILITY - If you are having any trouble accessing this Privacy Policy or the website,please email us at stusa-webmaster@ridefox.com
Table of Contents 1. INTRODUCTION 2. SOURCES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION 3. CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT 4. PURPOSES OF PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION 5. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION 6. SECURITY AND RETENTION 7. COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TOOLS 8. CONTACT DETAILS 9. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE 10. COOKIE POLICY
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1 Fox Factory, Inc., headquartered at 6634 Highway 53, Braselton, GA 30517, U.S.A., together with its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Fox,” “we,” “our” or “us”), collects information from and about you through this website, through email and communications with you, and from other sources (collectively, the “Services”).
1.2 This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes how we collect, use, share or otherwise process your Personal Information (defined below), and what your rights are with respect thereto.
1.3 This Policy does not apply to job applicants or Fox employees.
1.4 Fox may update this Policy from time to time. The current Policy will be effective when posted. Please check this Policy periodically for updates. If any of the changes are unacceptable to you, you should cease using the Services. When required, we will notify you of any changes to this Policy by posting the changes on this website. When required under applicable law, we will seek affirmative consent from you before making material changes to how we handle data previously collected from you. If you do not provide such consent, we will continue to use Personal Information in a manner that is consistent with the version of this Policy under which it was collected, or the information will be deleted.
1.5 Whenever you interact with Fox on behalf of another individual or entity, such as by providing or accessing Personal Information about another individual, you represent that your interactions and exchanges comply with applicable data protection laws. You shall have sole responsibility for any violation of privacy laws as a result of a failure to inform the other individual about how their Personal Information will be processed or to obtain any necessary consent from such individual.
2. SOURCES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal Information (“Personal Information”) is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person or household.
2.1 Information you provide to us directly. We process information we collect from you when you register for an account, communicate with us, purchase, access, or otherwise use our Services, complete a survey, participate in a promotion or otherwise interact with us.
2.2 Information we obtain from business affiliates, subsidiaries, partners or other companies. We may receive information about you from third parties such as if you link your social media account with our Services we may receive information about you from your social media account, or from organizers of events or trade shows that you attend. Note that we do not control the privacy practices of such third parties.
2.3 Information collected automatically or inferred with our Services. Through our Services, we may collect technical information about you and your computer or device, such as your IP address and browsing preferences.
We may combine information that we receive from the various sources described in this Policy, including third party sources and public sources, and use or disclose it for the purposes identified below.
3. CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The types of information we collect about you include:
3.1 Identifiers, such as your name, alias, postal address, country of residence, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, email address, account number, account name, username and password, account creation date, phone number, social media identifiers (e.g., Twitter handle, Instagram name, etc.), or other similar identifiers.
3.2 Financial information, such as your credit card number, debit card number, credit worthiness, security code, billing address, or any other financial information.
3.3 Protected class and demographic information, such as age and gender.
3.4 Commercial information and preferences, including what product category applies to you, where you ride, how often you ride, shop name, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
3.5 Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as your browsing history, search history, type of web browser, operating system being used, domain name or your Internet service provider, cookie ID, websites you visit before coming to our website, other websites you visit and the data and duration of your visit, and information regarding your interactions with Fox (including interacting with Fox online and through advertisements).
3.6 Professional or employment information, such as job title, business address, employment history, or other professional information.
3.7 Inferences drawn from any of the information we collect to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
4. PURPOSES OF PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Fox generally processes your Personal Information for the purposes of providing you with and improving our Services. More specifically, we process your Personal Information to:
4.1 To provide products and Services and maintain your account, including the online store portion of the website. Communicate with you in the context of your use of our Services (so as to obtain additional information where necessary and to provide you with information relating to the Services), and to fulfill your requests or answer your questions, including regarding warranty claims.
4.2 For marketing, such as customizing content you see or offering information on our Services we feel may be of interest to you, including by sending you marketing communications by post, e-mail, online advertising, or similar technology.
4.3 For our own internal business purposes, such as auditing related to current transactions with you, debugging to identify and repair errors that impair the functionality of our systems, to evaluate or audit the usage and performance of our Services and improve the quality of your interactions with Fox, improve and design new Services, operate and maintain our websites, process your responses to surveys or questionnaires, perform internal research, quality assurance, conduct data analysis and testing, provide anonymous reporting, and maintain proper business records and other relevant records.
4.4 For security of Fox, our customers, employees, or others, by detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity.
4.5 For legal and compliance purposes, such as compliance training, investigating and responding to claims against Fox, due diligence purposes, tax requirements, and other such purposes.
4.6 In connection with a transaction, such as if we, or some of our assets, are acquired by another entity, including through a sale or in connection with a bankruptcy, we will share your Personal Information with that entity.
5. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may share your Personal Information with the categories of recipients described below. In some cases, the entities below collect Personal Information directly from you on Fox’s behalf.
5.1 Intra-Group
We share your Personal Information among Fox entities, which includes parents, corporate affiliates, subsidiaries, business units and other companies, some of which share common ownership for the purposes described above.
5.2 Service Providers
We share your Personal Information with third party service providers working on our behalf to provide the products and services you request or support our relationship with you, such as IT providers, accountants, logistics providers, payment processors, analytics companies, and marketing providers.
5.3 For Legal, Security or Safety Purposes
We will also disclose Personal Information when required to do so by law, such as in response to a subpoena, including to law enforcement agencies, tribunals and courts in countries where Fox operates. We may share your Personal Information to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; and to protect our rights and the property or safety of Fox, our employees and users, or third parties.
5.4 In Connection with Corporate Transactions
We will disclose Personal Information to buyers, their lawyers or professional advisors, courts, tribunals, opposing or other related parties to the proceedings and their professional advisors, where needed to affect the sale or transfer of business assets, to enforce our rights and to protect our property, assets or safety of others.
5.5 Third Parties
We may share your Personal Information with third parties to complete a transaction or for the third party’s own purposes, which may include their own direct marketing. To opt out of sharing with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, contact us at privacy@ridefox.com
We may also de-identify, anonymize, or aggregate Personal Information to share with third parties for any purpose. We do not sell your Personal Information.
6. SECURITY AND RETENTION
We retain Personal Information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the stated purpose for which the Personal Information was collected or otherwise processed and thereafter only for legitimate legal or business purposes.
We maintain reasonable security procedures and technical and organizational measures to protect your Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, disclosure, alteration, or use.
7. COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TOOLS
Fox may set and access cookies and other tracking technologies on your computer. For more information, please click here to see our Cookie Policy below.
8. CONTACT DETAILS
Fox Factory, Inc. 6634 Highway 53 Braselton, GA 30517
You may direct questions about our processing of your Personal Information or exercise your rights in relation to your Personal Information by sending an e-mail to privacy@ridefox.com
9. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE
We provide services and products primarily to business customers and generally only collect Personal Information of the employees of those business customers. In limited circumstances, when an individual consumer who is a California resident interacts with us directly, such as through our Services, this section applies.
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, below is a summary of the Personal Information we collected from such California residents, the sources from which we collected the Personal Information, the business or commercial purpose for which the Personal Information was collected and the categories of third parties with whom we share consumer Personal Information. The section references in the chart below relate to the sections in this Policy.
Personal Information
Sources of Personal Information
Business or Commercial Purpose for Collection
With Whom We Share Personal Information
Identifiers (3.1)
2.1, 2.2
4.1, 4.3, 4.3, 4.4, 4.5, 4.6
5.1, 5.2, 5.3
Financial information (3.2)
2.1
4.1, 4.3, 4.5, 4.6
5.1, 5.2
Protected class and demographic information (3.3)
2.1
4.2, 4.3, 4.6
5.1
Commercial information and preferences (3.4)
2.1, 2.2
4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.6
5.1, 5.2
Internet or other electronic network activity information (3.5)
2.3, 11
4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4, 11
5.1, 5.2, 11
Professional or employment-related information (3.6)
2.1
4.1, 4.3, 4.6
5.1, 5.2
We disclosed all of the categories of Personal Information listed above for a business purpose in the past 12 months.
9.1 Your Rights
Subject to certain legal limitations, regarding the collection, use, and sharing of Personal Information, you may exercise the following rights via our webform at www.ridefox.com/ccpa or by calling 1-800-369-7469, extension 5516.
Right to Know. You have the right to request information about the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information, the purposes for collecting the Personal Information, the categories of third parties with whom we have shared your Personal Information, and the purpose for which we shared your Personal Information (“Categories Report”). You may also request information about the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you (“Specific Pieces Report”).
Right to Delete. You have the right to request that we delete Personal Information that we have collected from you.
In accordance with applicable law, we will not discriminate against you for exercising these rights.
9.2 Verification
In order to exercise your rights, we will need to obtain information from you to locate you in our records or verify your identity depending on the nature of the request. If you are submitting a request on behalf of a household, we will need to verify each member of the household in the manner set forth in this section. For a Specific Pieces Report, we will request your name, email address, and phone number or postal address to verify your identity and seek a signed declaration, under penalty of perjury, that you are who you say you are. For a Categories Report, we will request your name, email address, and phone number or postal address to verify your identity. For a Right to Delete request, we will request your name, email address, and phone number or postal address to verify your identity.
9.3 Authorized Agents
You may use an authorized agent to exercise your rights on your behalf. If you are making any of the requests above through an authorized agent, we will request written authorization from you and will seek to verify you as described above or we will accept a legal Power of Attorney under the California Probate Code to the authorized agent. Authorized agents may use the webform at www.ridefox.com/ccpa and upload documentation demonstrating the agent has authority to exercise rights on the requesting consumer’s behalf.
9.4 Timing
We will respond to Requests to Delete and Requests to Know within 45 days, unless we need more time in which case we will notify you and may take up to 90 days total to respond to your request.
10. COOKIE POLICY
This Cookie Policy describes how Fox Factory, Inc., headquartered at 6634 Highway 53, Braselton, Georgia 30517, U.S.A., together with its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Fox,” “we,” “our” or “us”), uses cookies (“cookies”) and other tracking technologies on this website (the “Website”), on which a direct hyperlink to this Cookie Policy is posted. This Cookie Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies and other tracking technologies, how third parties we may partner with may use cookies and other tracking technologies on the Website, your choices, and other information.
10.1 What are Cookies?
Cookies are small files that the Website saves on your computer or mobile device (such as your mobile phone, laptop or tablet) when you visit the Website. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the Website.
These are the different types of cookies we may use on our Website:
(a) Essential cookies are required for the operation of our Website (for example, to remember what policies you accepted, to display appropriate banners, and to facilitate login). These cookies enable you to move around the Website and use its features. Disabling these cookies would impede the Website’s performance and we would not be able to provide you with the features and services offered through the Website.
(b) Analytics cookies (including advertising cookies) allow us to analyze your activities on our Website in order to improve and adapt the way our Website works. For example, we may count visits by traffic source, or analyze the paths used to specific content, provide suggested products and provide targeted advertisements relevant to your visit to our Website. Some cookies record your online activities, including your last visit to our Website. This information allows us to make our Website more relevant to you by displaying appropriate content and delivering communications that are tailored to you.
10.2 Types of Data Held
The types of data Fox collects using cookies and other technologies include: • Cookie Policy acceptance • Privacy Policy acceptance • PHP session ID which consists of a randomly generated sequence of letters and numbers • First name, last name (if typed in by user) • Shipping & billing addresses (if typed in by user) • IP address • Pages visited • Product pages visited • Duration onsite • Referring website • Location
• Items placed in cart • Log In/Log Out Status (if typed in by user)
10.3 How Do We Use Cookies?
Our Website uses cookies to ensure that we give you the best possible experience by providing you personalized information, understanding how you use our Website and helping you obtain the right information.
We use cookies for the below purposes:
(a) Essential Cookies: • Identify the PHP Session used to store login data • Remember whether you accepted cookies • Remember whether you accepted the Privacy Policy • In connection with access to admin • In connection with shopping cart • In connection with checkout
(b) Analytics Cookies: • Track visits on the Website for analytics • Distinguish users and sessions • Determine new sessions/visits • Store the traffic source or campaign that explains how you reached the Website
(c) Advertising Cookies: • Bing Ads: We use Bing Ads to deliver targeted advertisements to individuals who visit our Website • Facebook Custom Audiences: We use Facebook Custom Audiences to deliver targeted advertisements to individuals who visit our Website • Google Ads: We use Google Ads to deliver targeted advertisements to individuals who visit our Website
Through cookies and other tracking technologies, aggregate and other information such as the pages visited on the Website and unique URLs visited within our Website may be obtained and used to enhance your experience and understand traffic patterns. We count the number of users who visit a particular section of the Website or who clicks on links or graphics included in e-mail newsletters received from Fox. We also compile aggregated statistics about how our Website is appreciated by its visitors to optimize and tailor it to your needs.
10.4 Who Sets the Cookies?
Cookies may be placed on your device by us, as the Website operator. These cookies are called “First Party Cookies.” Certain cookies may be placed on your device by a third party other than Fox, such as providers of marketing services and providers of cookies and other tracking technologies related services (e.g., publishers, data management platforms, and demand side platforms). These cookies are called “Third Party Cookies.” For example, a third party such as Instagram or Twitter may place a cookie to integrate the social media platform and be able to share its capabilities with you.
10.5 How Can You Block, Delete or Otherwise Manage Cookies?
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies), you may not be able to access all or parts of our Website.
Please note that your Internet browser allows you to change your cookie settings, including deleting and blocking them. These settings are usually found in the “Options” or “Preferences” sections of the “Settings” menu of your Internet browser. You can use the “Help” option in your Internet browser for more details.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Fox does not respond to Do Not Track (“DNT”) preferences. However, some third party sites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve your content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. If you are visiting such sites, your browser allows you to set the DNT signal on your browser so that third parties know you do not want to be tracked.
10.6 How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments, or requests regarding our use of cookies, please direct your request to:
Fox Factory, Inc. 6634 Highway 53 Braselton, GA 30517 privacy@ridefox.com
10.7 Amendments
Fox will amend this Cookie Policy from time to time and inform you, as required by applicable law, but we will not reduce your rights.
Shop by Vehicle
J-Rated Suspension Systems
Gladiator JT | 2020
Wrangler JL | 2018-2020
Wrangler JK | 2007-2018
Wrangler JK RHD | 2007-2018
Wrangler TJ/LJ | 1997-2006
Wrangler YJ | 1987-1995
Cherokee XJ | 1984-2001
Grand Cherokee WJ | 1999-2004
Grand Cherokee ZJ | 1993-1998
Comanche MJ | 1986-1992
Jeep CJ | 1953-1986
J10/J20 Pickup | 1974-1986
Wagoneer SJ | 1973-1991
Universal
Specialty Tools
Quick Fitment
The Ultimate Lifted Suspension Protection Coverage and it’s FREE!
All JKS products are protected by a limited lifetime warranty to ensure they are free from manufacturer defects in material and workmanship so you can go with confidence knowing your JKS parts are covered.
- 5 Year, 100,000-mile PLUS Protection
- Free, no cost protection for JKS customers
- Could save thousands on possible repairs
- Easy online application process
- Available for most late model vehicles
When you see this symbol you will know with confidence this application has been tested and successfully passed the Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standard (FMVSS) No. 126 test. This highly specialized test was performed to show the installation of this particular J-Rate suspension system, with a specific tire and wheel package would not compromise the performance and effectiveness of the vehicle’s Electronic Stability Control (ESC) system.
The cherry on top for the industry leading Factory Protection Plus Program is the Supplemental Limited Warranty offered at no additional cost to the customer. This warranty is designed to supplement the factory drivetrain warranty on each vehicle and provides the extra peace of mind knowing your Jeep is protected. All J-Rated lift systems include this supplemental coverage to match either the factory 5-year/100,000-mile drivetrain warranty offered.
Learn More at 560Plus.com
JKS Newsletter Sign Up - New product announcements, tech tips and event recaps!
x
Quick Product Search
x
Notice Something New?See what's new at JKSmfg.com!
Shop On Your Phone or Tablet
All new website for fast and easy shopping on any device.
Improved Shopping Experience
Find everything Jeep Suspesion at your fingertips!
Follow JKS on Social Media
Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
Google Plus
x
Get Deals DirectlyBe the first to know of deals at JKS
NEW - Email Sign Up
Name
*
Email
*
Newsletter Subscription
Sign In or Create an Account
Email
Password
Forgot Password »
x
FAQ
Check out popular questions
Contact Us
We'll reply within 24 hours
JKS Manufacturing
(517) 278-1226
x