https://jmoncrieff.co.uk/privacy-policy
Call us: 01577 864870
John Moncrieff Ltd
Menu
Home
About Us
Lighting
Chandeliers
Designer Lights
Discontinued Lights
Pendant Lights
Wall Lights
Table and Floor Lamps
Lanterns
Outdoor Lights
Vintage Lights
Custom-Made
Shades
Globe Light Shades
Tulip Light Shades
Coolie Light Shades
Bankers Lamp Shade
Chandelier Light Shades
Acorn Light Shades
Prismatic Light Shades
Hurricane Lamp Shades
Cylinders Light Shades
Art Deco/Art Nouveau Light shades
Empire Torch Light Shades
Ceiling Light Shades
Diffuser Light Shades
Pre-Loved Light Shades
Acrylic & Polycarbonate
Lighting Parts
Bulb Holders
Cable/Chain
Ceiling Plates
Galleries
Light Bulbs
Parts and Pendants
Oil Lamps
Aladdin Lamps and Spares
Chimneys/Funnels
Complete Oil Lamps
Oil Lamp Parts
Oil Lamp Shades
Oil Lanterns
Pressure Lamp Spares
Custom Made
Repairs
Light Restoration & Repairs
Repair Form
TV/Film
What We Do
Examples / Projects
Contact Us
FAQ
Returns
Blogs
Search
Privacy Policy / Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy / Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Cookies Policy
1.	Introduction
1.1	We
are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and
customers; in this policy we explain how we will handle your personal
data.
1.2	By
using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use
of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
1.3	Our
website incorporates privacy controls which affect how we will
process your personal data. By using the privacy controls, you can
specify whether you would like to receive direct marketing
communications and limit the publication of your information. You can
access the privacy controls within the customer account area of our
website.
2.	How we use your “personal data”
2.1	In
this Section 2 we have set out:
(a)	the
general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b)	in
the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you,
the source and specific categories of that data;
(c)	the
purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(d)	the
legal bases of the processing.
2.2	We
may process data about your use of our website and services ("usage
data"). The usage data may include your IP address,
geographical location, browser type and version, operating system,
referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation
paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern
of your service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics
tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of
analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for
this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and
improving our website and services.
2.3	We
may process your account data ("account data"). The
account data may include your name, email address, telephone number,
fax number, newsletter subscription preference and postal address.
The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our
website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website
and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating
with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate
interests, namely the proper administration of our website and
business and/or the performance of a contract between you and us
and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
2.4	We
may process information that you post for publication on our website
or through our services ("publication data"). The
publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such
publication and administering our website and services. The legal
basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the
proper administration of our website and business and/or the
performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at
your request, to enter into such a contract.
2.5	We
may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us
regarding goods and/or services ("enquiry data").
The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering,
marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you.
2.6	We
may process information relating to transactions, including purchases
of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our
website ("transaction data"). The transaction data
may include your contact details, select payment details and the
transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the
purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping
proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this
processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or
taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our
legitimate interests, namely our interest in the proper
administration of our website and business.
2.7	We
may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of
subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters
("notification data"). The notification data may be
processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications
and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is the
performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at
your request, to enter into such a contract.
2.8	We
may process information contained in or relating to any communication
that you send to us ("correspondence data"). The
correspondence data may include the communication content and
metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate
the metadata associated with communications made using the website
contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the
purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal
basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the
proper administration of our website and business and communications
with users.
2.9	We
may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where
necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims,
whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court
procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate
interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights,
your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
2.10	We
may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where
necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance
coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal
basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the
proper protection of our business against risks.
2.11	In
addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your
personal data set out in this Section 2, we may also process any of
your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance
with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to
protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another
natural person.
3.	Providing your personal data to others
3.1	We
may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of
companies this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company
and all its subsidiaries insofar as reasonably necessary for the
purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
3.2	We
may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional
advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of
obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks,
obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or
defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an
administrative or out-of-court procedure.
3.3	Financial
transactions relating to our website and services may be handled by
our payment services providers as listed within our checkout pages.
We will share transaction data with our payment services providers
only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your
payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and
queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find
information about the payment services providers' privacy policies
and practices on their own company websites.
3.4	We
may disclose your enquiry data to one or more of those selected third
party suppliers of goods and services identified on our website for
the purpose of enabling them to contact you so that they can offer,
market and sell to you relevant goods and/or services. Each such
third party will act as a data controller in relation to the enquiry
data that we supply to it; and upon contacting you, each such third
party will supply to you a copy of its own privacy policy, which will
govern that third party's use of your personal data.
3.5	In
addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this
Section 3, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure
is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are
subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital
interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your
personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the
establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court
proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
4.	International transfers of your personal data
4.1	In
this Section 4, we provide information about the circumstances in
which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the
European Economic Area (EEA).
4.2	We
and our other group companies have offices and facilities in the
United Kingdom. The European Commission has made an "adequacy
decision" with respect to the data protection laws of each of
these countries. Transfers to each of these countries will be
protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data
protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission, a
copy of which can be obtained from the Information Commissioner's
Office.
4.3	The
hosting facilities for our website are situated in the United
Kingdom. The European Commission has made an "adequacy decision"
with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries.
Transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate
safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses
adopted or approved by the European Commission, a copy of which you
can obtain from the Information Commissioner's Office.
4.4	You
acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication
through our website or services may be available, via the internet,
around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such
personal data by others.
5.	Retaining and deleting personal data
5.1	This
Section 5 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which
are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations
in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
5.2	Personal
data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept
for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
5.3	We
will retain your personal data for a minimum period of 30 days
following its provision.
5.4	In
some cases it is not possible for us to specify in advance the
periods for which your personal data will be retained. In such cases,
we will determine the period of retention based on its necessity for
the proper administration of our website and business and/or the
performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at
your request, to enter into such a contract.
5.5	Notwithstanding
the other provisions of this Section 5, we may retain your personal
data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal
obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital
interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
6.	Amendments
6.1	We
may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version
on our website.
6.2	You
should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any
changes to this policy.
6.3	We
may notify you of changes to this policy by email or other means of
communication.
7.	Your rights
7.1	In
this Section 7, we have summarised the rights that you have under
data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of
the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you
should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory
authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
7.2	Your
principal rights under data protection law are:
(a)	the
right to access;
(b)	the
right to rectification;
(c)	the
right to erasure;
(d)	the
right to restrict processing;
(e)	the
right to object to processing;
(f)	the
right to data portability;
(g)	the
right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h)	the
right to withdraw consent.
7.3	You
have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your
personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together
with certain additional information. That additional information
includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of
personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data.
Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will
supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be
provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a
reasonable fee. You can request a copy of the personal data we hold
by contacting us. Please note that we may in return request copies of
valid identification.
7.4	You
have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you
rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to
have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
7.5	In
some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal
data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal
data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which
they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to
consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain
rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct
marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully
processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The
general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for
exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for
compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment,
exercise or defence of legal claims.
7.6	In
some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of
your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy
of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure;
we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our
processing, but you require personal data for the establishment,
exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to
processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where
processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to
store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it:
with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of
legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or
legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
7.7	You
have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on
grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent
that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is
necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public
interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us;
or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a
third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process
the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling
legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests,
rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment,
exercise or defence of legal claims.
7.8	You
have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for
direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing
purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process
your personal data for this purpose.
7.9	You
have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for
scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on
grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing
is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of
public interest.
7.10	To
the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal
data is:
(a)	consent;
or
(b)	that
the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to
which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior
to entering into a contract,
and
such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right
to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used
and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where
it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
7.11	If
you consider that our processing of your personal information
infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a
complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data
protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual
residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged
infringement.
7.12	To
the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal
information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent
at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing
before the withdrawal.
7.13	You
may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by
written notice to us, in addition to the other methods specified in
this Section 7.
8.	Third party websites
8.1	Our
website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites.
8.2	We
have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy
policies and practices of third parties.
9.	Personal data of children
9.1	Our
website and services are targeted at persons over the age of 16.
9.2	If
we have reason to believe that we hold personal data of a person
under that age in our databases, we will delete that personal data.
10.	Updating information
10.1	Please
let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs
to be corrected or updated.
11.	About cookies
11.1	A
cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and
numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored
by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each
time the browser requests a page from the server.
11.2	Cookies
may be either "persistent" cookies or "session"
cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will
remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user
before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will
expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is
closed.
11.3	Cookies
do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a
user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked
to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
12.	Cookies that we use
12.1	We
use cookies for the following purposes:
(a)	authentication
- we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as
you navigate our website.
(b)	status
- we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our
website.
(c)	shopping
cart - we use cookies to maintain the state of your shopping cart as
you navigate our website.
(d)	personalisation
- we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to
personalise our website for you.
(e)	security
- we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to
protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login
credentials, and to protect our website and services generally.
(f)	advertising
- we use cookies to help us to display advertisements that will be
relevant to you.
(g)	analysis
- we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our
website and services.
(h)	cookie
consent - we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the
use of cookies more generally.
13.	Cookies used by our service providers
13.1	Our
service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your
computer when you visit our website.
13.2	We
use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google
Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies.
The information gathered relating to our website is used to create
reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is
available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
13.3	We
may publish Google AdSense interest-based advertisements on our
website. These are tailored by Google to reflect your interests. To
determine your interests, Google will track your behaviour on our
website and on other websites across the web using cookies. We
publish Google AdSense advertisements on our website. To determine
your interests, Google will track your behaviour on our website and
on other websites across the web using cookies. This behaviour
tracking allows Google to tailor the advertisements that you see on
other websites to reflect your interests. You can view, delete or add
interest categories associated with your browser by visiting:
https://adssettings.google.com. You can also opt out of the AdSense
partner network cookie using those settings or using the Network
Advertising Initiative's multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at:
http://optout.networkadvertising.org. However, these opt-out
mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from
your browser your opt-out will not be maintained. To ensure that an
opt-out is maintained in respect of a particular browser, you may
wish to consider using the Google browser plug-ins available at:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996.
14.	Managing cookies
14.1	Most
browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies.
The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from
version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information
about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a)	https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
(Chrome);
(b)	https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
(Firefox);
(c)	http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/
(Opera);
(d)	https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
(Internet Explorer);
(e)	https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411
(Safari); and
(f)	https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy
(Edge).
14.2	Blocking
all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many
websites.
14.3	If
you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on
our website.
15.	Cookie preferences
15.1	You
can manage your preferences relating to the use of cookies on our
website by following the steps in
section 14 most relevant to your web browser software.
15.2	Please
note that if you block cookies, you may not be able to use all of the
features on our website. This may also “break” certain elements
of our website and prevent them from functioning correctly for you
only.
16.	Our details
16.1	This
website is owned and operated by John Moncrieff Ltd.
16.2
Our
principal place of business is at Unit 11 Clashburn Rd, Bridgend Ind
Estate, Kinross, Perthshire, KY13 8GB, Scotland, United Kingdom.
16.3	You
can contact us:
(a)	by
post, to the postal address given above;
(b)	using
our website contact form;
(c)	by
telephone, on the contact number published on our website from time
to time; or
(d)	by
email, using the email address published on our website from time to
time.
17.	Representative within the European Union
17.1	You
can contact our Representative within the European Union with respect
to our obligations under data protection law using any of the contact
methods listed in section 16.3.
18.	Data protection officer
18.1	You can contact our Data Protection Officer with respect to our
obligations under data protection law using any of the contact
methods listed in section 16.3.
Terms & Conditions
Terms of Trade:1. Definitions1.1 “Bespoke Goods” – made to measure, custom made, bespoke Goods ordered to the Buyers specification.1.2 “Buyer” – the person who buys or agrees to buy goods from the seller.1.3
“Seller” – John Moncrieff Ltd, a company incorporated under the
Companies Act, registered in Scotland, Company Number 2909212,
registered address at Unit 11, Clashburn Road, Bridgend Industrial
Estate, Kinross, Perthshire, KY13 8GB.1.4 “Conditions” – terms and conditions set out in this document, including any amendments in accordance with clause 2.6.1.5 “Goods” – all goods and services that the Buyer agrees to buy from the Seller.1.6
“Contract” – the contract between the Seller and the Buyer for the sale
or purchase of goods in accordance with these conditions.1.7
“Quality & Trading Conditions” – the Seller’s quality and trading
conditions applicable to online and offline retailers as applicable, set
out on this document.1.8 “Third Party Delivery” – process
where the Seller delivers the Goods on the Buyers behalf to a Third
Party, elected by the Buyer.2. Basis of Contract2.1 No
order, made by the Buyer is to be deemed to be accepted until the
Seller has formally acknowledged the order (verbally or in writing) at
this point the order will be created. Any order thereafter cannot be
cancelled, or part cancelled without the Seller’s written permission.2.2
Orders will only be accepted under these conditions; the seller is not
bound by any other terms, including any implied or written on the Buyers
order form.2.3 Quotations are given by the Seller are not
offers. If accepted by the customer, the quotation will be treated as an
offer that the seller may accept in accordance with clause 2.1.
Quotations are valid for 30 days.2.4 This document and any
Order Acknowledgement will represent the terms of the entire agreement
between the Seller and the Buyer. Unless specifically agreed by the
Sellers Director.2.5 When entering this contract the Buyer
agrees that any samples, images, drawings, advertising issued,
descriptions and illustrations published by the Seller (including but
not limited to a catalogue, emailed, online) are only representations
and are published for the sole purpose of giving and approximate idea of
the goods. They shall not be incorporated into the contract or any
other contract between the Seller and the Buyer for the sale of the
goods.2.6 The Seller reserves the right to vary any terms of
these conditions. Any variations will be effective from 30 days of
either (whichever is earlier):2.6.1 written notice to the Buyer 2.6.2 uploading to our registered websites www.johnmoncrieff.co.uk or www.jmoncrieff.co.uk3. Payment Terms3.1
The Seller will invoice the Buyer the price of the Goods, plus any
extra costs of insurances, design services, packaging, storage and
packaging at the time of order. Unless the Buyer has an authorised
“Credit Account”, then invoice to be settled in full with the funds
cleared within 30 days following the Due Date (date on the invoice).3.2 Time of payment will be vital3.3
If the Buyer fails to pay the invoice in full by the Due Date, without
effecting other rights, then the Seller is entitled to:3.3.1
Charge interest at a rate of 8.5% per annum, accruing on a daily basis
from the due date, until the overdue balance is paid in full.3.3.2 Add any fees to the price of the Goods incurred by the Seller in collecting outstanding payments.3.3.3 Suspend any further deliveries of Goods under any contract, without notice to the Buyer, until payment has been received3.3.4 Discontinue any further deliveries of Goods under any contract, without notice to the Buyer, if the circumstances permit.3.4 The Seller reserves the right:3.4.1 In relation to any new Buyer, request the Buyer to provide two trade references to the Seller.3.4.2
To raise a Pro-Forma Invoice relating to any order and the Buyer
acknowledges that Goods will only be delivered when the Seller receives
the payment in full and funds cleared.3.4.3 To refuse credit terms for any reason to a Buyer.3.5 No accepted order can be cancelled without the Sellers permission.3.5.1 If permission granted the Seller reserves the right to charge a handling fee of up to 30% of the total order value.3.6
Regarding Goods, the Seller has a right to reject any order for Goods
for less than the minimum order quantities for any Bespoke Goods.4. Prices4.1
The price of the Goods charged by the Seller to the Buyer will be the
price set out in the Order Acknowledgment and shall replace all previous
prices quoted by the Seller.4.2 The Seller will endeavour to
deliver the prices quoted, however the Seller reserves the right to
contact the Buyer at anytime prior to dispatch to increase the price of
the Goods, to reflect any increase in the costs of the Goods due to:4.2.1
Any means outwith the Sellers control (including but not limited to:
exchange rates, increased in taxes, labour costs, material costs and
manufacturing costs).4.2.2 Requests made by the Buyer to change order details (including but not limited to: delivery date(s), quantities, Goods).4.2.3
Delays caused by the Buyer (including but not limited to: Failure of
the Buyer to give the Seller adequate information or instructions).4.3
All prices are subject to VAT and any other applicable taxes, charged
in addition at the rate in force at the date of invoice.4.4 The
Buyer understands and agrees that Goods sold by the Seller are for
domestic use within the UK. The Buyer assumes no responsibility for
suitability for any purpose of the Goods, any statement made by the
Seller will be understood to be an opinion of the salesperson in
question only. The salesperson holds no understanding of the environment
in which the Goods will be installed and the Buyer holds no reliance
upon the option of the salesperson. The Buyer will be responsible for
ensuring the products are suitable, and compatible with the voltages,
wiring and installation requirements of the designated country, and will
comply any regulations, before ordering.5. Delivery5.1 When ordering Goods, the Buyer will have the option to request a Third Party Delivery.5.1.1
If the Buyer requests Third Party Delivery they must submit the request
at time of ordering, and supply sufficient information about the Third
Party to allow the Seller to agree and to complete the request.5.1.2
Third Party Delivery is at the sole discretion of the Seller, and may
be subject to additional charges, discretion is taken on an individual
basis.5.1.3 Delivery dates and times given by the Seller to the Buyer are for guidance only.5.1.4
The Contract will remain between the Seller and the Buyer. The Seller
has no liability, duty or obligation to the Third Party. The Third Party
has no rights under these conditions. The Buyer will sell Goods to its
customers subject to terms and conditions which make clear that all
contractual claims arising out of the sale of Goods to its customers
shall be brought against the Buyer.5.1.5 At any time and for
any reason the Seller reserves the right to withdraw the option of Third
Party Delivery without incurring any liability to the Buyer or any
other Party.5.2 Delivery of the Goods to the Buyer will be completed when the Seller makes the Goods available.5.3
The Buyer acknowledges and agrees that any dates quoted by the Seller
for delivery of the Goods are approximate and the time of delivery is
not of the essence. The Seller accepts no liability to the Buyer or any
Third Party for the compensation or damages for the delayed delivery, or
any loss of any kind, however caused. To avoid doubt, this is also
applies to Third Party Deliveries.5.4 If the Buyer or Third
Party fails to accept delivery of the Goods for any reason whatsoever,
the Goods may be stored by the Seller at the Buyers risk and expense
until Buyer accepts delivery. After 10 days of notifying the Buyer the
Goods were ready to be delivered and the delivery has not been accepted
by the Buyer or Third Party, the Seller may resell or dispose of the all
or part of the Goods.5.5 The Seller may deliver the Goods as
part instalments, which will be invoice and paid separately. Each
instalment will constitute as an individual contract. Delays or defects
in an instalment will not entitle the Buyer to cancel other instalments
unless accepted and agreed by the Seller. Failure to pay any invoice in
relation to an instalment will entitle the Seller to the remedies
outlined in clause 3.3.6. Carriage6.1 The
Seller operates a scale of charges for carriage based on point of
delivery. Different carriage charges apply to different delivery
locations and types of Goods. The Seller reserves the right to change
these charges from time to time.6.2 The Seller reserves the
right to charge additional fee for over night delivery if requested by
the Buyer. The Seller also reserves the right to charge an additional
fee if the Buyer requests delivery to an address which is not the Buyers
registered address.7. Obligations of the Buyer7.1 The
Buyer agrees they shall at all times comply with the Quality and
Trading conditions and any other conditions or standards that may be
required by the Seller from time to time.7.2 The Buyer shall
indemnify the Seller against all liabilities, costs, expenses, damages
and losses (including but not limited to: direct, indirect or
consequential losses, loss of profit, loss of reputation and any other
reasonable professional costs and expenses) suffered or incurred by the
Seller arising out of or in connection with any breach of the warranty
contained in clause 7.1 to the extent that it is not caused by the
Sellers Negligence or misconduct.8. Quality8.1 The Seller agrees that on delivery the Goods will:8.1.1 Comply to all specified materials in the description;8.1.2 Be free from material defects8.2
If the Buyer provides full detailed notice in writing to the Seller
within 5 days of delivery that the Goods, or part of the Goods, do not
comply with the warranty of clause 8.1, and returns the Goods to the
Sellers place of business within 10 days, at the Buyers cost and in the
original packaging, quoting the order number relating to the Goods, then
the seller has the option to replace all or part of the defective Goods
or refund the price of the defective Goods. Subject to clause 8.5.8.3
The Buyer accepts and agrees that the Seller shall only replace (or
refund) the price for the defective Goods after a John Moncrieff Sales
Representative has inspected the Goods and the original packaging.8.4
If the Seller replaces any defective Goods, it reserves the right to
charge the Buyer the price of the replacement, in accordance to these
Conditions, and issue a credit to the Buyer, once the defective Goods
are returned in the original packaging. If the defective Goods title had
been transferred to the Buyer the title will revert back to the Seller,
on date of dispatch for the returned defective Goods.8.5 The Seller will not be liable for the Goods failure to comply with the warranty set out in clause 8.1 if:8.5.1 The buyer continues to use such Goods after giving notice as stated in clause 8.2;8.5.2
The defect is created due to the Buyer or Third Parties failure to
follow written or verbal instructions, including but not limited to:
installation, storage, use or maintenance of Goods. In the case of no
instructions then Good Trade Practice;8.5.3 The Buyer alters or repairs such Goods without the written consent of the Seller;8.5.4 The defect arises as a result of fair wear and tear, wilful damage, negligence or subnormal storage or working conditions.8.6
The Buyer understands and agrees that the packaging in which the Goods
are supplied in are only suitable for delivery from the Seller to the
Buyer. The Seller is not liable for any damages, breakages or lost items
during any onward deliveries, after goods have been delivered to the
Buyer. If the Buyer does not notify the Seller of any defects within the
claims period set out in clause 8.2 then the Seller shall not be liable
to the Buyer for any Goods.8.7 Any issues, requests or queries
with the delivery note, must be made within 3 days from receipt. After 3
days, Seller will assume delivery notes are correct and payment will
not be delayed.8.8 The seller will not accept returned Goods
without prior written agreement. Goods returned without agreement from
the Seller, will not be credited and the Seller will not be liable for
the costs involved. The Seller may charge a handling and testing fee of
30%. If the Buyer wishes to return good stock to the Seller, then it
must be returned in original packaging and in a sellable condition. If
it is not then the Seller can, at its discretion, return the Goods to
the Buyer and charge any additional costs (including, but not limited
to) packaging, insurance and carriage.8.9 The Buyer accepts
that the Seller is unable to resell Bespoke Goods and the Buyer shall
not have any right to return Bespoke Goods, and no right to cancel a
Contract in relation to Bespoke Goods. Any such goods will be replaced;
repaired; or refunded in accordance to clause 8, as long as the Goods
were an error of supply, including manufactured to the wrong size or
deemed to be faulty by the Supplier in breach of the warrantyset
out in clause 8.1. The specification and measurements are those
confirmed by the Buyer at the time of order and it is the Buyers
responsibility that measurements are correct and the Goods are suitable
for the purpose intended. No replacements; repairs; refunds will be
issued by the Seller if the Buyer has made an error during order.8.10 These conditions apply to any repaired or replaced Goods.8.11
The Seller will accept no liability to the Buyer in relation to the
Goods failure to comply with the warranty set out in clause 8.1, except
as provided in this clause 8.8.12 Warranties, conditions and
other terms, unless expressed or implied by common law, conduct custom,
or otherwise, are excluded from the Contract. Except those set out in
these Conditions.9. Title and Risk9.1 The risk in the Goods will pass to the Buyer on completion of delivery.9.2 The tile of the Goods shall not pass to the Buyer until the Seller has received full payment for:9.2.1 The Goods;9.2.2 Any other Goods or services that the Seller has supplies to the Buyer under any contract9.3 Until the title of the Goods has been passed to the Buyer, the Buyer will:9.3.1 Hold the goods on a fiduciary basis as the Sellers bailee;9.3.2
Store the Goods separate to any other Goods by the Buyer to ensure they
remain as identifiable as the Sellers property, easily;9.3.3 Do not remove, deface or obscure the identity mark or packaging relating to the Goods;9.3.4
Ensure the Goods are maintained in good condition and insured against
all risks for their full price from date of delivery;9.3.5 Notify the Seller immediately if the Goods become subject to any of the events identified in clause 10.3.9.3.6
The Buyer will not be entitled to pledge or in any way charge by way of
security for any indebtedness for the Goods which remain the Sellers
property. If the Buyer does, any money owning by the Buyer to the Seller
becomes due and payable.10. Breach and Insolvency10.1 If the Buyer:10.1.1 Is in any breach of any of the terms of these conditions;10.1.2
Becomes subject to any of the events listed in clause 10.2, or the
Seller reasonably believed that the Buyer is about to become subject to
any of them and notifies the Buyer accordingly,10.2 Then, without limiting any other right or remedy available to the Buyer, the Seller is entitled to:10.2.1
Cancel or suspend all further deliveries under the/or any contract
between the Buyer and the Seller without incurring any liability to the
Buyer10.2.2 Immediate payment of all outstanding monies in
respect to the Goods delivered to the Buyer notwithstanding any
agreement between the parties;10.2.3 Exercise any of its rights pursuant to clause 9.10.3
For the purpose of clause 10.1, the relevant events are if the Buyer
suspends, threatens to suspend, payment of its debts or substantially
the whole business; goes into liquidation; becomes insolvent; has an
administrator, receiver or any similar officer appointed in respect to
all or part of its undertaking (or has been filled with a court to
appoint such officer); or any event with respect to the Buyer in any
jurisdiction to which it is subject that has an effect equivalent to or
similar to any aforementioned events.11. Product Information11.1
The Seller will ensure that all information contained in the Sellers
Product information or descriptions (including, but not limited to) on
the website is correct at time of publishing. The Seller will have no
liability to the Buyer or Third Party for any damage, loss or expense
resulting from any error or omission contained in the Sellers
descriptions Goods supplied may vary in detail from the illustrations,
drawings and descriptions, as stated in clause 2.5, are approximate and
for guidance only, as a result of improvements and modifications. Colour
finishes will be maintained as accurate as possible, colour matches are
not guaranteed, and the Seller will not be held liable for variations.11.2
The Seller reserves the right to change or amend specifications to the
Goods without prior notice. Notwithstanding that any sample may have
been produced or supplies by the Seller all sales are by description and
strictly not by sample.12. Liability12.1 Nothing in these conditions shall limit of exclude the Sellers liability for:12.1.1 Death of personal injury caused by its negligence, or the negligence of its employees, agents or subcontractors;12.1.2 Fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;12.1.3 Breach of the terms implied by section 12 of the Sale of Goods Act – 1979;12.1.4 Defective Goods under the Consumer Protection Act 198712.2 Subject to clause 12.1:12.2.1
The Seller shall not be liable to the Buyer, for any (including, but
not limited to) loss of profit, loss of business, loss of opportunity,
loss of goodwill, or any other loss howsoever arising under or in
connection with the contract;12.2.2 The Sellers total liability
to the Buyer in respect of all other losses arising under or in
connection with the Contract shall not exceed the price paid or payable
for the Goods.12.3 The Seller will not be liable to the Buyer
or be deemed to be in breach of the Contract by reason of any delay in
performing or any failure to preform any of the Sellers obligations in
relation to the Good, if the delay or failure was due to the Buyers
failure to provide the Seller with adequate instructions for delivery or
otherwise that are relevant to the supply of Goods.13. Force Majeure13.1
The Seller will not be liable to the Buyer as a result of any delay or
failure to perform its obligations under the Contract if and to the
extent such delay or failure is caused by an event or circumstance which
is beyond the reasonable control of the seller which by its nature
could not have been foreseen by the Seller, or if it could have been
foreseen, was unavoidable. For the purpose of this clause this will
include, but not be limited to an act of God, was, strikes, industrial
action, difficulties obtaining labour or arts, government or other
restrictions or regulations or other event beyond reasonable control of
the Seller.14. Samples14.1 The Buyer agrees that the
Buyer shall pay for any samples provided by the Seller at the price set
out in the Sellers published current price list at date of dispatch. The
Buyer is liable for all carriage charges, including the cost to return.14.2 Credit Note will only be issued if they are:14.2.1 Returned within 28 days of the date of dispatch in the same condition as they were dispatched14.2.2 In the original packaging14.3
The Buyer agrees that when a sample of Goods has been provided by the
Seller, it shall not constitute a sale by sample, as stated in clause
11.2.15. General15.1 Law and Jurisdiction:15.1.1
The contract between John Moncrieff Limited and the customer is
governed by the Law of Scotland. These General Conditions contain the
entire agreement of the parties. These General Conditions may not be
modified or varied except with the written agreement of the parties.15.2 Rights of Third Parties:15.2.1
For the purpose of the Contract (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 and
notwithstanding any other provision of the Contract this Contract is not
intended and does not give any person who is not a party to it any
right to enforce any of its provisions.15.3 No Agency:15.3.1
Nothing in these Conditions will constitute or imply any partnership,
joint venture agency fiduciary relationship or any other relationship
between parties, other than the contractual relationship expressly
provided in the Contract or as set out in these Conditions.15.4. Whilst
we endeavour to keep our website as up to date as possible, there may
be occasions where an item shown on the website as in stock is not
physically in stock. In such circumstances we will advise you how long
there will be for delivery, or we can offer you the option of a full
refund or an alternative product.John Moncrieff Registered Office: Unit 11 Clashburn Road, Kinross KY13 8GBVAT Registration Number: 751478123 (GB)