https://jordanscereals.co.uk/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Products
Granola
Country Crisp
Muesli
Porridge
Cereal Bars
Recipes
About Us
Competitions
Caring for Nature
News
Get In Touch
FAQ
Contact Us
Facebook
Twitter
Privacy Policy
Who we are
This website www.jordanscereals.co.uk (the “Website”) is owned and operated by The Jordans & Ryvita Company, a division of ABF Grain Products Limited registered in England and Wales under company number 00079590 (called in this notice “we”, “our” or “us”).
Purpose of this notice
This privacy notice tells you about the information we collect about you when you visit our Website or otherwise provide us with information.
It also tells you how you can exercise Your Rights (including the right to object to some of the data handling we carry out). More information about your rights and how you can exercise them is set out in the “Your Rights” section below.
What personal data do we collect?
Site Traffic data and information about your computer  -  How do we use this data?
When you browse our Website, we use cookies to collect:
Information about your use of our Website – we collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns.
We use this information to record visitor numbers, their use of different areas of the Website and any useful features or links. We do not use this information in any way that would identify you personally.
We use a third party, Google Analytics, to collect this information but it is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
We use a third party, Google Tag manager, to send information from our site to Google Analytics and is processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
We use a third party, HotJar, a suite of analytics tools that helps gather qualitative data such as heatmaps and funnel tracking. The data is processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow HotJar to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
We use a third party, DoubleClick (a subsidiary of Google) which develops and provides internet ad serving services and is processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
We use a third party, Pure 360, for direct marketing purposes and we do so for our legitimate interests in promoting our business and the goods we offer. For more information on how we collect and use your data please see the “Direct Marketing” section below.
Information about your computer; this includes your IP address, operating system and browser type.We use this information to help maintain the security of our Website and to identify trends so that we can improve its performance.
We also use this information to customise the Website according to your interests and to ensure the Website’s content is presented as effectively as possible for you and to enable you to participate in interactive features of the Website, when you choose to do so.
We do not use this information in any way that would identify you personally.
Data we collect using non-essential cookies is used on the basis of your consent. Any other information that we collect about your use of our Website is used on the basis that this is necessary for the purpose of our legitimate interests in maintaining and managing our Website and ensuring its security.
For more information about how we use cookies on our Website, see our Cookie Policy
How long do we keep this information for?
We will only keep information about your visit to our Website for as long as is necessary for the purposes we’ve mentioned. Typically we delete user browsing information every 2 years.
See our cookie policy here for more information
Who do we share this information with?
We share information about visitors to our Website with service providers who help us administer and manage the Website.
We also share information about your use of our Website with advertising networks, although you cannot be personally identified from this information.
Where do we transfer this information to?
Information we collect about your use of our Website is stored within, and not transferred outside of, the European Economic Area.
INFORMATION YOU SEND US - ENQUIRIES
How do we use this data?
You do not have to supply us directly with any information when you use our Website. If you choose to use our ‘contact us’ feature or otherwise get in touch with us, we will use the information you send us for the purpose of responding to your enquiry. When we use your personal data for this purpose, we do so for our legitimate business interest in communicating with you in accordance with your wishes and expectations. We will also use this data for the purpose of our legitimate interests in accessing appropriate professional advice and in order to ensure we comply with legal obligations to which our business is subject.
Enquiries relating to recruitment will be dealt with in accordance with the “Recruitment” section below.
How long do we keep this information for?
We will only keep your information for as long as is necessary in order to manage your query. We usually keep records of routine queries for 6 months but in some cases (for example where the query relates to a contract between us, or where we need to obtain legal advice in order to respond to a complaint) we may need to retain a record of our communications for up to 6 years.
Who do we share this information with?
We will share your data with our service providers and our professional advisers if this is necessary in order to resolve a query or complaint.
Otherwise we will not share your information with any third party unless:
we have your permission;
we are required to do so by law;
this is necessary so that we can enforce our terms of use, rights or property or the rights or property of any third party; or
this is necessary in connection with the sale of our business or its assets (in which case your details will be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchaser’s advisers and will be passed to the new owners).
Where do we transfer this information to?
Information we collect when you  sign up for our newsletter, complete a survey, submit a comment or recipe is stored within, and not transferred outside of, the European Economic Area.
INFORMATION YOU SEND US - PROMOTIONAL ACTIVITY
How do we use this data?
When
you enter a competition, prize draw or promotion, we collect personal data
from you as part of your entry. We
use this to administer our competition,
to communicate results where relevant and to deliver prizes. When we use your
personal data for these purposes, we do so because it is
necessary for us to collect and use this information for the performance of
our contract with you in accordance with our promotion rules.
If you are lucky enough to win a
competition, prize draw or promotion we use your data in additional
ways.  Unless you ask us not to, we will make your surname and county of
residence available: (a) on request to anyone who sends us a self-addressed
envelope within 10 weeks of the closing date of the competition; and (b) to
the Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) if they ask us.  We do
this because it is necessary for the purpose of our legitimate interests in
complying with the Code.
You have the right to object to our
publication of this data.  Please contact us as soon as possible, and
within a week of receiving your winner’s notification if you want to
object.
If we haven’t heard from you within
a week, and we are asked to publish the information, we will do so.  If
you object later, we may have already published the information.
Where we are asked to disclose information to the ASA, and you object before we have disclosed the information, we will take into account your reasons for objecting although we may still be required to disclose this information, if for example, we are required to demonstrate that a valid award took place.
How long do we keep this information for?
We will only keep your information for as long as is necessary in order to complete the relevant promotional activity. Information we hold in connection with the management of competitions, prize draws, and promotions is usually held for 6 years
Who do we share this information with?
We will share your data with our service providers and our professional advisers if this is necessary in order.
Otherwise we will not share your information with any third party unless:
we have your permission;
we are required to do so by law;
this is necessary so that we can enforce our terms of use, rights or property or the rights or property of any third party; or
this is necessary in connection with the sale of our business or its assets (in which case your details will be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchaser’s advisers and will be passed to the new owners).
Where do we transfer this information to? Information you provide us in connection with promotional activities is stored within, and not transferred outside of, the European Economic Area.
RECRUITMENT
Information you send us
Any general enquiries about our recruitment procedures and or speculative CVs will be sent to our HR team who will respond directly back to you.  The HR Team will hold your data in accordance with our Recruitment Privacy notice which can be accessed via our careers website link when you make contact via email on: recruitment@jordansryvita.com.
DIRECT MARKETING
How do we use this data?
We will use contact details you give us to deliver promotional information that you request or that we feel may interest you. We will also use this information to gain insights into the needs and interests of our customer base and to evaluate the effectiveness of our marketing activities.
We will only contact you for marketing purposes by email and/or SMS if you have consented to this.
When we use your data for our direct marketing purposes we do so for our legitimate interests in promoting our business and the goods we offer.
How long do we keep this information for?
We keep information for direct marketing purposes for as long as you continue to be interested in receiving our marketing communications. We use tracking technology to help us monitor the effectiveness of our e-marketing and delete contacts from our e-marketing database after 2 years of recipient inactivity.
You can tell us to stop using your details for marketing purposes by contacting us and can opt out of email marketing at any time by using our unsubscribe feature.
Who do we share this information with?
Where necessary we share this data with our suppliers and service providers.
Otherwise we will not share your information with any third party unless:
we have your permission;
we are required to do so by law;
this is necessary so that we can enforce our terms of use, rights or property or the rights or property of any third party; or
this is necessary in connection with the sale of our business or its assets (in which case your details will be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchaser’s advisers and will be passed to the new owners).
Where do we transfer this information to?
Information we hold for direct marketing purposes is stored within, and not transferred outside of, the European Economic Area.
Your Rights
You can ask us at any time to provide you with a copy of your personal data. In relation to personal data you have supplied to us, and which is held by us for the purpose of entering into a contract between us or on the basis of your consent, you are entitled to ask us for a copy of this information in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format so that you can reuse it or share it with other organisations.
If you think the personal data we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you can ask us to correct it or complete it.
In some circumstances you also have the right to object to our processing of your data and can ask us to restrict our use of your data and to delete it.
There are some exceptions to these rights, however. For example, it will not be possible for us to delete your data if we are required by law to keep it or if we hold it in connection with a contract with you. Similarly, access to your data may be refused if making the information available would reveal personal information about another person or if we are legally prevented from disclosing such information.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights you should contact us.
Contacting us and your rights of complaint
Questions, comments or requests concerning this privacy notice are welcomed and should be addressed to Beverley Woodward Consumer Experience Manager at Jordans Ryvita, Stratton Business Park, Market Garden Road, Biggleswade, SG18 8QB. If you have a concern about the way we handle your personal data you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner (ICO). You can find details of how to do this on the ICO website at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or by calling their helpline on 0303 123 1113
This privacy notice was last updated on 07/07/2020
Get social with us:
Sign up to our newsletter.
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookie Policy
Sitemap
FAQ
Change Country
Copyright © 1972 - 2020 The Jordans & Ryvita Company, a division of ABF Grain Products Limited. Registered 00079590 (England). All rights reserved.
Close
We use cookies to ensure that you get the best experience from this website. See here for more about the cookies that we use and their purposes and see here to update your settings at any time.