https://jordanscereals.co.uk/terms-conditions
Toggle navigation
Products
Granola
Country Crisp
Muesli
Porridge
Cereal Bars
Recipes
About Us
Competitions
Caring for Nature
News
Get In Touch
FAQ
Contact Us
Facebook
Twitter
Terms & Conditions
Here's the legal bit. It’s not quite as delicious as the rest of the site, but it's still well worth a read.
Access to and use of this site www.jordanscereals.co.uk is provided by The Jordans & Ryvita Company, a division of ABF Grain Products Limited (“Jordans & Ryvita”) subject to the following terms:
By using www.jordanscereals.co.uk you agree to be legally bound by these terms, which shall take effect immediately on your first use of www.jordanscereals.co.uk. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all the following terms please do not access and/or www.jordanscereals.co.uk.
Jordans & Ryvita may change these terms at any time by posting changes online. Please review these terms regularly to ensure you are aware of any changes made by Jordans & Ryvita. Your continued use of www.jordanscereals.co.uk after changes are posted means you agree to be legally bound by these terms as updated and/or amended.
Use of www.jordanscereals.co.uk
You may not copy, reproduce, republish, download, post, broadcast, transmit, make available to the public, or otherwise use www.jordanscereals.co.uk content in any way except for your own personal, non-commercial use. You also agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any www.jordanscereals.co.uk content except for your own personal, non-commercial use. Any other use of www.jordanscereals.co.uk content requires the prior written permission of Jordans & Ryvita.
Access to www.jordanscereals.co.uk is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw the service we provide without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time of for any period.
You agree to use www.jordanscereals.co.uk only for lawful purposes, and in a way that does not infringe the rights of, restrict or inhibit anyone else's use and enjoyment of www.jordanscereals.co.uk. Prohibited behaviour includes harassing or causing distress or inconvenience to any person, transmitting obscene or offensive content or disrupting the normal flow of dialogue within www.jordanscereals.co.uk.
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
www.jordanscereals.co.uk content, including the information, names, images, pictures, logos and icons regarding or relating to Jordans & Ryvita and/or its products and services (or to third party products and services), is provided "AS IS" and on an "IS AVAILABLE" basis without any representations or any kind of warranty made (whether express or implied by law) to the extent permitted by law, including the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy.
The advice provided on www.jordanscereals.co.uk is generic in nature. Jordans & Ryvita cannot provide personalised dietary or lifestyle advice. If you require individually tailored advice regarding food, nutrition and lifestyle then you should contact a GP or dietician.
Parts of our Site may contain links to third-party Web sites for your convenience and information. When you access a non-Jordans & Ryvita Web site, even one that may contain our logo or subsidiary or parent company logos, please understand that we do not control the content and are not responsible for the privacy practices of that site. We suggest that you carefully review the terms and conditions and privacy policies of each site you visit. These Terms and conditions and our Online Privacy Statement does not cover the information practices of those Web sites linked to from our Site. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information.
Under no circumstances will Jordans & Ryvita be liable for any of the following losses or damage (whether such losses were foreseen, foreseeable, known or otherwise): (a) loss of data; (b) loss of revenue or anticipated profits; (c) loss of business; (d) loss of opportunity; (e) loss of goodwill or injury to reputation; (f) losses suffered by third parties; or (g) any indirect, consequential, special or exemplary damages arising from the use of allinsonbread.com regardless of the form of action.
Jordans & Ryvita does not warrant that functions contained in www.jordanscereals.co.uk content will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that www.jordanscereals.co.uk or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs.
Intellectual Property
The names, images and logos identifying Jordans & Ryvita or third parties and their products and services are subject to copyright, design rights and trade marks of Jordans & Ryvita and/or third parties. Nothing contained in these terms shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any licence or right to use any trademark, patent, design right or copyright of Jordans & Ryvita or any other third party.
Contributions to www.jordanscereals.co.uk
Where you are invited to submit any contribution to www.jordanscereals.co.uk (including any text, photographs, graphics, video or audio) you agree, by submitting your contribution, to grant Jordans & Ryvita a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sub-licenseable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, play, make available to the public, and exercise all copyright and publicity rights with respect to your contribution worldwide and/or to incorporate your contribution in other works in any media now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in your contribution, and in accordance with privacy restrictions set out in Jordans & Ryvita's Privacy Policy. If you do not want to grant to Jordans & Ryvita the rights set out above, please do not submit your contribution to www.jordanscereals.co.uk.
Further to paragraph 12, by submitting any contribution to www.jordanscereals.co.uk, you:
warrant that your contribution;
is your own original work and that you have the right to make it available to Jordans & Ryvita for all the purposes specified above;
is not defamatory; and
does not infringe any law.
General
If there is any conflict between these terms and specific terms appearing elsewhere on www.jordanscereals.co.uk then the latter shall prevail.
If any of these terms are determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these terms are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction in which that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from these terms and the remaining terms shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
These terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
Get social with us:
Sign up to our newsletter.
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookie Policy
Sitemap
FAQ
Change Country
Copyright © 1972 - 2020 The Jordans & Ryvita Company, a division of ABF Grain Products Limited. Registered 00079590 (England). All rights reserved.
Close
We use cookies to ensure that you get the best experience from this website. See here for more about the cookies that we use and their purposes and see here to update your settings at any time.