https://jordancattle.com/web-privacy-policy/
Jordan Cattle Auction and Harry’s Boots
Web Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 11/29/2018
Last Update: 11/29/2018
This Web Privacy Policy describes how K. Jordan Enterprises, including its affiliates, DBAs, officers, agents, and its owners (hereinafter “Jordan”) treat personal information on the platforms where it is located. This includes jordancattle.com and harrysboots.com. Your use of this platform indicates you agree to Jordan’s collection, use and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Jordan collects information from and about you.
Jordan collects contact information. For example, Jordan might collect your name and email address if you sign up for a newsletter. Jordan may also collect your phone number and mailing address. Jordan may also collect your zip or postal code. Jordan may also collect your username if you connect to Jordan’s platforms with your social media account.
Jordan collects information you submit or post.
Jordan collects the information you post in a public space on Jordan’s platform. Jordan may collect information about you if you complete a survey. Jordan may also collect information if you post blog entries or comments.
Jordan collects demographic information.
Jordan may collect information like your gender and date of birth. Jordan might collect this information when you contact Jordan. Jordan may also collect this information if you complete a survey.
Jordan collects other information.
If you use Jordan’s site, Jordan may collect information about the browser you’re using. Jordan might look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave. Jordan might look at how often you use the site and how you found Jordan’s site. Jordan collects this information using the tracking tools described below. To control those tools, please read the Choices section below.
Jordan collects information in different ways.
Jordan collects information directly from you. For example, if you sign up for Jordan’s emails or make a purchase. Jordan also collects information if you contact Jordan.
Jordan collects information from you passively.
Jordan uses tracking tools like browser cookies to collect information from you. Jordan collects information about users over time when you use this platform. Jordan may allow third parties to collect personal information this way. These third parties may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use Jordan’s platforms. Learn more about these tools and how you can control them, in the sections below.
Jordan gets information about you from third parties.
Jordan’s business partners may give Jordan information about you. Social media platforms may also give Jordan information about you.
Jordan combines information.
Jordan may combine information that Jordan has collected offline with information Jordan collects online. Or Jordan may combine information Jordan gets from a third party with information Jordan already has.
Jordan uses information as disclosed and described here.
Jordan uses information to respond to your requests or questions. For example, Jordan may use your information to respond to your feedback. Jordan may also use your information to notify you if you win a contest or make a purchase.
Jordan uses information to improve its products and services.
Jordan may use your information to make its sites and products better. Jordan might use your information to customize your experience with Jordan.
Jordan uses information for security purposes.
Jordan may use your information to protect Jordan’s company, customers, sites and platforms.
Jordan uses information for marketing purposes.
Jordan might provide you with information about new products and special offers. Jordan might also use your information to serve you advertisements about products and offers. Jordan might tell you about new features or updates. If you register with Jordan, Jordan may enroll you in Jordan’s email newsletter. To learn about your choices for these communications, read the Choices section below.
Jordan uses information to communicate with you.
Jordan may contact you about your feedback or Jordan’s relationship with you. Jordan might also contact you about this platform Privacy Policy and Terms.
Jordan use information as otherwise permitted by law or as Jordan may notify you.
Jordan will get your consent as required to by law.
Jordan may share information with third parties.
Jordan will share information within the Jordan Cattle Auction and Harry’s Boots family of companies. Jordan will share this information for its business purposes and to otherwise engage in the activities described in this Privacy Policy.
Jordan will share information with third parties who perform services on Jordan’s behalf.
Jordan shares information with vendors who provide Jordan with marketing services. Jordan may also share information with companies that help it operate its platforms or run a promotion. Jordan may also share information with companies that help Jordan fulfill customer requests. You can contact Jordan if you want to learn more about how Jordan’s service providers use your information.
Jordan will share information in order to comply with the law or to protect Jordan.
Jordan will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. Jordan may share information if a government agency or investigatory body requests it. This includes sharing information with the U.S. government. Jordan might share information if Jordan is investigating potential fraud. This might include fraud Jordan thinks has happened during a promotion. If you are the winner of a contest, Jordan may also share your information with anyone who requests a winner’s list.
Jordan may share information with a successor to all or part of Jordan’s business.
If part of Jordan’s business is sold, Jordan may include customer information as part of that transaction.
Jordan may share information for other reasons Jordan may describe to you.
You have certain choices about how Jordan uses your information.
You can opt out of receiving Jordan’s marketing emails. To stop receiving Jordan’s promotional emails, follow the instructions in any promotional email you get from Jordan. Even if you opt out of getting Jordan’s marketing messages, Jordan will still send you transactional messages. These include responses to your questions.
If you object to Jordan’s use of your information for direct marketing purposes, please contact Jordan using the information shown below.
You can control certain cookies and tracking tools.
Some websites have “do not track” features that allow you to tell a website not to track you. These features are not all uniform. Jordan may not respond to those signals. If you block cookies, certain features on Jordan’s sites may not work. If you block or reject cookies, not all of the tracking described here will stop. Options you select are browser and device specific.
Jordan uses common tracking technologies.
Jordan collects personal information about users over time and across different websites when you use Jordan’s website or service. Jordan also has third parties that collect personal information this way. To do this, Jordan uses several common tracking tools. Jordan’s vendors may also use these tools. These tracking tools may include browser cookies. Jordan may also use web beacons, tracking pixels, flash cookies, and similar technologies.
Jordan uses tracking technologies for a variety of reasons.
Jordan may use tracking tools, including cookies, on its websites. Cookies are small files that download when you access certain websites. Jordan uses tracking tools:
To recognize new or past users.
To authenticate registered users.
To improve its websites and products.
To serve you with interest-based or targeted advertising (see below for more on interest-based advertising).
To observe your behaviors and browsing activities over time across multiple websites or other platforms.
To better understand the interests of Jordan’s customers and Jordan’s website visitors.
To personalize the content and services on Jordan’s websites.
Jordan engages in interest-based advertising
Jordan and its partners display interest-based advertising using information gathered about you over time across multiple websites or other platforms. This might include apps.
Interest-based advertising or “online behavioral advertising” includes advertisements served to you after you leave Jordan’s website, encouraging you to return. They also include advertisements Jordan thinks are relevant based on your shopping habits or online activities. These advertisements might be served on websites or on apps. They might also be served in emails. Jordan might serve these advertisements, or third parties may serve advertisements. They might be about Jordan’s products or other companies’ products. Where legally required Jordan gets consent to engage in interest-based advertising.
How does Jordan gather relevant information about you for interest-based advertising?
To decide what is relevant to you, Jordan may use information you make available to it when you interact with Jordan, Jordan’s affiliates, and other third parties. Jordan gathers this information using the tracking tools described above. For example, Jordan or its partners might look at your purchases or browsing behaviors. Jordan might look at these activities on its platforms or the platforms of others.
Jordan works with third parties who help gather this information.
These third parties might link your name or email address to other information they collect. That might include past purchases made offline or online. Or, it might include online usage information.
You can control tracking tools.
Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies. How you do so depends on the type of cookie. Certain browsers can be set to reject browser cookies. To find out more about how to enable, disable, or delete cookies from your web browser, please refer to your respective browser’s help menu. Some websites have “do not track” features that allow you to tell a website not to track you. These features are not all uniform. Jordan does not currently respond to those signals. If you block cookies, certain features on Jordan’s sites may not work. If you block or reject cookies, not all of the tracking described here will stop. Options you select are browser and device specific.
Jordan uses specific tracking technologies.
Here is more information about some of the tracking technologies Jordan currently uses on Jordan’s websites. Jordan uses these tracking technologies to improve its site and the experience of Jordan’s visitors:
Facebook Connect: Jordan uses this technology to allow users to share their experiences with Jordan’s Apps and websites on Facebook. For example, Jordan may collect your browser information, demographic data, and interaction data.
Facebook Exchange (FBX): Jordan uses this technology to serve you advertisements on Facebook based on the pages you visited on Jordan’s websites.
Facebook Social Plugins: Jordan uses this technology to allow users to share their experiences with Jordan’s Apps and websites on Facebook. For example, Jordan may collect your browser information, demographic data, and interaction data.
Google Analytics: Jordan uses Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use its website. For example, Jordan collects details of the site where the visitor has come from and the total number of times a visitor has been to Jordan’s website.
Google Tag Manager: Jordan uses Google Tag Manager in order to track user behavior, traffic analysis and marketing optimization.
Twitter Advertising, Twitter Button and Syndication: Twitter is an online social networking service that enables users to send and read short messages. Twitter operates Syndication. Jordan uses the Twitter cookies to enable social sharing buttons on Jordan’s sites, as well as to track social media and other Web browsing behavior in order to target advertisements and promotions to your interests. For more information on how to opt-out of Twitter cookies, you can go here.
These platforms are not intended for children.
Jordan’s platforms are meant for adults. Jordan does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 without permission from a parent or guardian. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given Jordan information, please contact Jordan using the information shown below. You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this policy.
Jordan uses standard security measures.
The Internet is not 100% secure. Jordan cannot promise that your use of our platforms will be completely safe. Jordan encourages you to use caution when using the Internet. This includes not sharing your passwords.
Jordan keeps personal information as long as it is necessary or relevant for the practices described in this platform Policy. Jordan also keeps information as otherwise required by law.
Jordan stores information in the United States.
Your information will be transferred to Jordan Cattle Auction or Harry’s Boots. Information Jordan collects may be stored in the United States. Jordan may also store information in other countries. If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that Jordan may transfer your information to the United States. This platform is subject to U.S. laws, which may not afford the same level of protection as those in your country.
Jordan keeps personal information as long as it is necessary or relevant for the practices described in this policy.
Jordan may link to third party platforms or services Jordan does not control.
This platform may contain links to other platforms. Jordan is not responsible for the privacy practices of other platforms. Jordan encourages its users to be aware when they leave Jordan’s platform. Read the privacy statements of other platforms carefully. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this platform.
Feel free to contact Jordan if you have more questions.
If you have any questions about this policy or want to access, delete or correct your information, please email Jordan at info@jordancattle.com.
You can also write to:
Jordan Enterprises
PO Box 158
San Saba, Texas 76877
Jordan may update this Privacy Policy.
From time to time Jordan may change its privacy policies. Jordan will notify you of any material changes to its platform Privacy Policy as required by law. Jordan will also post an updated copy on its platform. Please check Jordan’s platform periodically for updates.
JORDAN CATTLE AUCTION
WEEKLY SALES: MASON – MONDAY AT 11:00 AM
SAN SABA – THURSDAY AT 11:00 AM
PO Box 158 | San Saba, Texas 76877
San Saba: 325-372-5159 | Mason: 325-347-6361
info@jordancattle.com
Website Design By Ranch House Designs, Inc
Copyright 2020, K. Jordan Enterprises, Inc. | View Terms and Conditions | View Privacy Policy