https://jpsonline.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Register Login
£0.00
Privacy Policy
Who are we?
We are JPS Online, your trusted manufacturer of bespoke labels and small signage for mechanical, electrical, air conditioning and refrigeration requirements in new builds and refurbs.
We are affected by GDPR in three areas
How we collect and use data collected via our website (https://www.jpsonline.co.uk).
How we manage data and information collected whilst working with a client in our role as a data controller.
How we manage data as a result of being a data processor for many of our clients.
How we collect your data
When you visit our websites or use our services, we collect personal data. The ways we collect it can be broadly categorised into the following:
Information you provide to us directly: When you visit or use some parts of our websites and/or services we might ask you to provide personal data to us. For example, we ask for your contact information when you sign up for a free trial, respond to a job application or an email offer, participate in community forums, join us on social media, take part in training and events, contact us with questions or request support. If you don’t want to provide us with personal data, you don’t have to, but it might mean you can’t use some parts of our websites or services.
Information we collect automatically: We collect some information about you automatically when you visit our websites or use our services, like your IP address and device type. We also collect information when you navigate through our websites and services, including what pages you looked at and what links you clicked on. This information is useful for us as it helps us get a better understanding of how you’re using our websites and services so that we can continue to provide the best experience possible (e.g., by personalising the content you see).
Some of this information is collected using cookies and similar tracking technologies. If you want to find out more about the types of cookies we use, why, and how you can control them, take a look at our cookie notice.
How we can share your data
There will be times when we need to share your personal data with third parties. We will only disclose your personal data to:
third party service providers and partners who assist and enable us to use the personal data to, for example, support delivery of or provide functionality on the website or services, or to market or promote our goods and services to you.
regulators, law enforcement bodies, government agencies, courts or other third parties where we think it’s necessary to comply with applicable laws or regulations, or to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights. Where possible and appropriate, we will notify you of this type of disclosure
an actual or potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in connection with an actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business
other people where we have your consent.
Retention
The length of time we keep your personal data depends on what it is and whether we have an ongoing business need to retain it (for example, to provide you with a service you’ve requested or to comply with applicable website requirements).
We’ll retain your personal data for as long as we have a relationship with you and for a period of time afterwards where we have an ongoing business need to retain it, in accordance with our data retention policies and practices. Following that period, we’ll make sure it’s deleted or anonymised.
Links to other websites
This website may contain links to websites run by other organisations. This Privacy Policy applies only to this website, so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from this website.
Access to your personal information
You have the right to request a copy of your data or to request me to delete any data that relates to you. If you would like to do so please email me at info@jpsonline.co.uk – Please note that requests may take up to 30 days to process and we will require proof of identification prior to acting upon the request.
Changes to this privacy notice
This policy was last updated in September 2018.
Subscribe to our mailing list
Login
To access your customer dashboard please login using the login form below.
Username
Password
Lost Password
Join JPS Online
Don't have a JPS account? Follow the register link below to create your own account to access the customer dashboard and order form.
Register