http://jsp.cc/index.php?main_page=privacy
About Us
Downloads & Links
Contact Us
Dealer Application Form
Download Our Latest Pricelist
JSP Catalogs
Videos
About Us
Downloads & Links
Contact Us
Dealer Application Form
Download Our Latest Pricelist
JSP Catalogs
Videos
Log In
Welcome,
Log In
Email:Password:Forgotten PasswordCreate Account
|
First time visitor? Create a
New Account
Home
New Products
Specials
Featured Products
My Account
FAQs
Your cart is empty.
View Cart
Checkout
Your cart is empty
DENTAL TOOLS & SUPPLIES - CLINICAL
& LABORATORY->
HOBBY TOOLS & SUPPLIES->
NUMISMATIC / COIN COLLECTOR PRODUCTS
JEWELRY TOOLS & SUPPLIES->
New Products ...
Featured Products ...
Your cart is empty.
View Cart
Checkout
Categories
DENTAL TOOLS & SUPPLIES - CLINICAL
& LABORATORY->
HOBBY TOOLS & SUPPLIES->
NUMISMATIC / COIN COLLECTOR PRODUCTS
JEWELRY TOOLS & SUPPLIES->
New Products ...
Featured Products ...
Manufacturers
Please Select
--none--
3M
A&D
BIOART
Bob Smith Indus..
Canon
CONNOISSEURS
DEVCON
Dianfong
DONEGAN-OPTIVIS..
DUCO
E.C. Moore
ECCO
ECLECTIC
EVE
Fox
FREEMAN/FERRIS
G&S
Generic
GODDARD
GORILLA
Hagerty
HUGHES
J-B Weld
JSP®
JSP® CHEM
JSP®-Safety
Matrox
MEDIDENTAL ®
..
NORTON
Opti-Cryl®
Permatex
PRIME-DENTAL
PRIMEDENT
SAEYANG-MARATHO..
SCIES MINIATURE..
SMITH
Swan Morton
UNIDESA
UNIWELD
UPCERA
XURON
Reviews -   [more]
Hello
Happy day
My friend
I want...
Home ::
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
This Web site, www.jsp.cc (this “Site”), is owned and operated by JSP. For ease of understanding, this Privacy Notice refers to JSP as “we,” “us,” or “our” as the context may require. We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy.
By visiting this Site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
A. Purpose. The information we learn from customers allows us to personalize and continually improve the total shopping experience at this Site. Here are the types of information we gather.
B. Types.
1. User Supplied Information. We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. Information that we collect can be: items searched for, name and address (to fulfill an order placed), e-mail address, items stored in a wanted item list, buying and searching patterns,  any reviews submitted and accompanying information and shipping information. We do not store credit card information in our website database. This list is not exclusive, and may be altered without notice based on information that you supply voluntarily.
2. Right to refrain from giving information. You have right to refrain from giving us certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of all of our features or to make purchases. We use the information that you provide for to enhance the service, such as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.
3. Cookies. When you access our site, information is received and stored by us. The most significant information is stored in the form of cookies, or small storage files that transmits your electronic identity to the Web site that you visit. Like most Web sites, we use cookies to be able to identify you as a return visitor to the site. We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us.
4. Supplemental Software. A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit Web sites anonymously. Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience at this Site if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these tools exist.
5. E-mail Communications: We communicate and make special offers available via email. To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from this Site if your computer supports such capabilities. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your e-mail contact preferences.
1. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
More about Cookies
1. Description. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide enhanced features such as accelerated purchasing, customized and personalized shopping suggestions, and personalized greetings.
2. User Choices. Web browsers typically have the ability to accept cookies, reject cookies, or to prompt the user before accepting them. The help portion of the toolbar of your browser will tell you how to select the option that suits you best.
2. SHARING OF INFORMATION
The information that we collect about our customers is critical to our business. We respect and value this information, and do not want to jeopardize the flow of information between our customers and this Site. Therefore, we are not in the business of selling this information to other Web sites or businesses. There are very limited circumstances where we do share some customer information, and this is outlined immediately below.
1. Third Parties. There will not be any transaction involving a third party. We want to emphasis that the information you provide would not be shared with any other companies
2. Protection of this Site. The login accounts provided is strictly for the use of the company we have assigned to. It may be noted that with our permission the login accounts must not be shared with any other company.
3. INFORMATION SECURITY
A. Signing off. To prevent unauthorized access to sensitive information, it is important for you to monitor those who have access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
4. USER ACCESS TO INFORMATION
When you access your account, there is a variety of information that you will see. This is designed to allow you to update any changed information and view the information that you entered previously. This information is sensitive, and it is necessary to both protect this information and keep it current in order to have the best experience at our site.
5. AUTOMATIC INFORMATION
A. General. Our systems collect information that is sent over the Internet without your control.
Some examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; e-mail address; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; and products you viewed or searched for.
6. TERMS OF USE, NOTICES, AND REVISIONS
A. Acceptance of Terms of Use. By visiting this Site, you accept that your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Notice and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, the application of the laws of the state of California. If you have any concern about privacy at this Site, please send us a thorough description to sonatool@msn.com, and we will try to resolve it.
B. Revisions. Because our business changes constantly, we reserve the right to periodically revise our Privacy Notice and the Terms of Use.
C. Applicability. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Back
We acceptContact InformationSite InformationDeliveries & ReturnsSocial Media
Address: 1632 N. Indiana Street
Los Angeles, CA 90063
USA
Tel: (323) 231 0600
Fax: (323) 231 3550HomeFeatured ProductsNew Products
Contact Us
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
My Account
Follow us on Twitter
Facebook page
Our blog and news
::
Dealer Application Form
::
My Account
::
Site Map
::
Dealer Application Form
::
My Account
::
Site Map
Desktop Version
Copyright © 2020 JSP. Powered by Zen Cart / For websites enquiry contact Nisha Alexander at this link