https://jvalentinecatalog.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
DISCLAIMERS, PRIVACY POLICY, TERMS & CONDITIONS OF USE
Welcome to J. Valentine, Inc.’s online website. These terms and conditions govern the use of the website https://jvalentinecatalog.com. Please read the following terms and conditions of use carefully, before using this website. These terms and conditions are subject to change. Therefore, if you are a regular user of this website, please review these terms and conditions on a regular basis, as J. Valentine reserves the right to add, remove or edit any materials from its website without prior notice. Please note that this website is intended solely for adult use and J. Valentine, Inc. (sometimes referred to as “J. Valentine”) does not market any products or services to children through this website. Please do not use this website if you are under eighteen (18) years of age. By accessing and using this website, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to the following terms, conditions and other applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations.
WARNING: SEXUALLY EXPLICIT CONTENT. This website may contain sexually explicit images, depictitions or products. Some content contained here may not be suitable to all audiences. By entering this site, you specifically acknowledge and agree you are solely responsible for your actions; you are of age in your legal jurisdiction, and have the legal right to possess adult-oriented material or products; you do not find images of nude adults to be offensive or objectionable; and it is your express desire to view such material. Furthermore, you understand that you will explicitly prohibit the display of any explicit content, image or products on this website to minors. Use which constitutes abusive, harassing, or fraudulent conduct, including impersonation of others, and the transmission of defamatory, threatening, obscene, illicit and illegal or otherwise objectionable material, in any manner, with regard to this website, including but not limited to electronic mail transmission (e-mail) or submission of any form or upload of data, is strictly prohibited. Furthermore, acts which may constitute a criminal offense or give rise to liability or violate any law, is also strictly prohibited. J. Valentine reserves the right to block access and use from a particular user or internet address for any reason or no reason at all, at anytime.
Social Media Disclaimer. J. Valentine may maintain profile pages on certain social media websites such as Facebook, Twitter, MySpace, etc. J. Valentine reserves the right to add, remove or edit content on our social media pages in its sole discretion. J. Valentine will make every effort to monitor the contents of our social media presences and ensure their content is of an appropriate nature in J. Valentine’s sole opinion and discretion. Should you find inappropriate content on any of our pages, please contatct us immediately. Content that is deemed inappropriate in J. Valentine’s sole opinon and discretion will be removed. Any information, comment or link posted by J. Valentine, is posted in accordance with these disclaimers, priacy policy, terms and conditions. Similarly, all pictures, images or video posted by J. Valentine on any J. Valentine page, which are copyrighted by J. Valentine, is posted in accordance with these disclaimers, priacy policy, terms and conditions. J. Valentine shall not be held responsible for inappropriate content, images or third party links submitted by other users. Any image, photograph or video posted by a user is consenting to all third-party policies (i.e. Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, etc.) where the understanding that all or any image including video could be redistributed or copied from these pages. This disclaimer is in addition to any and all third-party policies (i.e. Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, etc.) User consents to the above J. Valentine statements and third-party policies. J. Valentine expects that participants will treat each other with respect. We will delete posted comments that contain vulgar or abusive language; pornography; personal attacks of any kind; offensive terms that target specific ethnic or racial groups or incite violence.
Copyright and Trademark Protection. The entire content of this website, including but not limited to images, text, code, materials and other components or elements herein are copyrighted materials owned by J. Valentine or other third parties, and are protected by United States, worldwide copyright and trademark laws and treaty provisions. Therefore, you may not use, copy, reproduce, publish, modify, transmit, upload or distribute the contents or elements of this website in any way without J. Valentine’s express prior written permission. This website may be used for informational purposes, online ordering of products, creating and accessing J. Valentine user accounts; but, may not be used to commercialize or market any product or service without prior express written permission. J. Valentine does not grant to users or individuals who access this website, any express or implied rights under any patents, copyright, trademarks, or trade secrets. In the event that such permission is expressly granted, a copy of any portion of this website thereof must be maintained in an unchanged fashion, include the copyright notices as it appears on this website.
Disclaimers. J. VALENTINE MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES REGARDING THE ACCURACY, SUITABILITY, CURRENCY, TIMELINESS, RELIABILITY OR COMPLETENESS OF THIS WEBSITE’S CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY WEBSITE WHICH MAY BE LINKED TO IT FROM THIS WEBSITE. TO THE EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, J. VALENTINE DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND AS SUCH, YOU AGREE TO HOLD HARMLESS AND DEFEND ANY OF J. VALENTINE’S OFFICERS, DIRECTORS OR EMPLOYEES, AGAINST LIABILITY FOR ALL USE OF THIS WEBSITE AND IN ANY ACTION INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO CONTRACT, TORT, AND STRICT LIABILITY (PRODUCT OR TORT), THAT MAY RESULT IN PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE OR A LINKED WEBSITE, OR WITH THE FAILURE TO USE THIS WEBSITE, EVEN IF J. VALENTINE WAS MADE AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. FURTHERMORE, J. VALENTINE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS WEBSITE OR THE WEB-HOSTING SERVER IS FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES. J. VALENTINE CANNOT AND DOES NOT GUARANTEE CONTINUOUS, UNINTERRUPTED OR SECURE ACCESS TO THE WEBSITE. IN NO EVENT SHALL J. VALENTINE TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FROM ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER, IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE AMOUNT YOU PAID TO J. VALENTINE, IF ANY, FOR THE PRODUCT.
Links to other Websites and Advertisements. J. Valentine may provide links for your convenience to other internet websites from this one. J. Valentine specifically disclaims any responsibility and further, does not control the contents of any other internet websites linked to this website. Access to any other website linked to this website is entirely at your own risk. Furthermore, such internet websites which are linked to this one and which are not owned by J. Valentine may have their own terms and conditions of use, privacy policies, rules, regulations and confidentiality provisions that may differ from ours. Any mention of organizations, vendors, products, or services is for informational purposes only. Links from this website do not imply or state a relationship or endorsement between the linked site and J. Valentine.
Pricing and Typographical Errors. J. Valentine is not responsible for typographical and other errors that may appear on this website. At any time, the content published on this website could be outdated or contain technical inaccuracies. If the posted price for a product or service is incorrect due to mistake, typographical or other errors, we are only responsible for the correct price. J. Valentine reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Furthermore, J. Valentine reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. We will make every effort to provide you the most accurate, up-to-the-minute information; however, it is ultimately your responsibility, as a user, to verify that all details listed are accurate. Some images and descriptions posted on our website pages are the representations provided by manufacturers and/or our suppliers. Please note that the actual products may differ slightly from specifications and/or the pictures contained in our online catalog, viewing areas or order forms. Thus, J. Valentine is not responsible for typographical, pricing, product information, advertising or shipping errors. Advertised prices, discounts and available quantities are subject to change without prior notice.
Privacy Policy. When you visit the public area of the website, you remain anonymous. To the extent you use e-mail links via the website to communicate with J. Valentine and provide us with personally identifiable information, however, you will not remain anonymous. Because it is not possible to anticipate every conceivable context in which such information might be provided to us via e-mail, J. Valentine can provide you no assurance that personally identifiable information you choose to provide to us via e-mail will be maintained as private.
We ask for personal information in order to provide a product and/or improve your shopping experience at J. Valentine. The information which we ask for is dependent upon the nature of the request being made, including, but not limited to, when you place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our website. We use the information that you provide for purposes such as responding to your requests, fulfilling your order, customizing future shopping for you, and improving our store. We will sometimes use the information you provide to communicate with you. If you have requested a sales quote, purchasing quote, or contacted J. Valentine via our website’s “Contact Us” page, we will contact you in order to reply to your request.
As such, you may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, and other related information. You can always refuse to supply personal identification information, however, doing so, may prevent them from engaging in certain features from our website.
J. Valentine may collect non-personal identification information about you whenever you interact with our website. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, your IP address, domain name, access times, and referring website addresses. Information about your computer software and hardware as well as technical information about your means of connection to our webite, (ie: operating systems and the Internet service providers.) This information is used for operation of the service and to maintain quality of the service, as well as provide general statistics regarding the use of J. Valentine’s websites. J. Valentine does not sell, trade, or rent your personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. Moreover, we may share data to help perform statistical analysis, send you email, fax or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries.
J. Vaentine may use “cookies” to enhance your online experience. Your web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. Please note, that when choosing to refuse cookies it can make some parts of our website may not function properly.
Miscellaneous. Regardless of where you are located, J. Valentine collects information and processes and stores that information in databases located in the United States. As it deems necessary, J. Valentine, Inc. will exercise any rights or enforce any provisions aforementioned, and furthermore reserves the right to seek all remedies available at law and/or in equity for violations of these terms and conditions. Access, registration and the completion of the shopping process online, will not terminate the survivability of such terms and conditions. J. Valentine operates this website from its main office, within the United States of America, in the State of California. As such any claim relating to this website shall be governed by the applicable laws of the United States and the State of California. Therefore, you hereby consent to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of California, County of Los Angeles, and the appropriate venue therein. You consent and agree that despite any statute, jurisdiction, controlling law or law to the contrary, any cause of action or claim arising under, out of or related to the use of this website, these terms and conditions, or this website’s privacy policy must be filed within one (1) calendar year after such claim or cause of action arose, whether you were aware that such a cause of action exists or not.
Questions or Comments. J. Valentine welcomes questions and comments about it’s policies, conditions and terms of use. Questions or comments about this Privacy Policy and Disclaimer should be directed to (562) 531-3538 during normal business hours.