https://jvclegal.org/privacy-policy/
Login to your account
Email Address
Password
Remember Me
Log In
become a member
continue as guest
reset password
Effective Date:
December 31, 2013
Privacy Policy
The Jewelers Vigilance Committee (JVC) respects the privacy of visitors to our website, www.jvclegal.org. We strive to ensure that information collected from website visitors is used conscientiously and appropriately.
This Privacy Policy outlines the use of personally identifiable information collected on www.jvclegal.org. The JVC website contains links to other websites. JVC has no control over and is not responsible for the privacy policies or content of such sites.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to personally identifying information collected on the www.jvclegal.org website. You can use our website to join as a member, order products or request information.  The types of personal information collected on our website are:
Contact Name
Company Name
Mailing Address
Email Address
Phone Number
Fax Number
Credit Card Information
The Way We Use Information
We use the personal information that you provide to process an application for membership, complete an order or provide requested information. The business names of JVC members, as well as phone numbers and addresses, are listed on our website, unless a member requests that the information not be disclosed. Such a request can be made by contacting JVC’s member services at 212-997-2002 or at [email protected]
We use email addresses to answer email we receive, and to send alerts, newsletters and other information to JVC members. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Other than as described above, we do not share personal information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete an order or comply with a request.
Cookies and Web Analytics
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on our computer’s hard drive.  Most web browsers automatically accept cookies.  You can, however, edit your browser options to block them.  JVC’s website uses cookies to facilitate automated activity.
JVC uses non-identifying and aggregate information (e.g., web analytics) to improve the design of our website.  For example, we use web analytics to determine how many individuals viewed a particular area of our website.  We do not disclose any information obtained in this process that could be used to identify these individuals.
Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is important to us.  No part of our website is structured to attract anyone under thirteen.  We do not collect information at our website from those we actually know to be under thirteen.
How you can Access or Correct your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online by contacting JVC at 212-997-2002 or by sending an email to [email protected]  You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
How do we Notify Visitors to JVC’s Website of Changes to our Privacy Policy
JVC may, in the future, use collected information in ways that are not currently anticipated.  Should we change our privacy policy we will post the changes on our website at www.jvclegal.org.
Disclaimer
JVC reserves the right to disclose your personal information as required by law and when JVC believes that disclosure is necessary to protect JVC’s rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding.
How to Contact us
Should you have any questions about these privacy policies please contact us at 212-997-2002.
First Name*Last Name*Email Address*
Help Us, Help YouHelp Our Beloved Institution$25$50$75$100$250OtherMake this a monthly gift
Make this a monthly gift
Other
Total Donation
$0.00
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
CONTINUE
×
Download our Latest Book on Understanding the FTC Guidelines
Learn More
email address
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Submit
×
Search