http://kamloopsmortgagegroup.com/privacy-policy/
Welcome
Mortgages
Benefits of Using a Mortgage Professional
How Much Does it Cost
Mortgage Renewal
Home Equity
Mortgage Life Insurance
Apply Now
Current Rates
Home Purchase
Home Purchase Overview
Mortgage Pre-Approval
Fixed Rate vs. Variable Rate
Understanding your Credit Report
Determine the Right Term
Pay Off Your Mortgage Faster
Self-Employed Solutions
Home Purchase Calculators
Refinance
Refinance
CHIP
Refinance Calculators
Blog
About
About Dominion Lending Centres
Commercial & Leasing
Lenders & Associations
Resources
Testimonials
Our House Magazine
Contact
Privacy Policy
Dominion Lending Centres Inc. is committed to providing you with excellent service and maintaining a high level of security and respect for your right to privacy. (In this policy, “DLC” or “Dominion Lending Centres” means Dominion Lending Centres Inc.) Overview This statement is one way of sustaining your trust in our company, our products and … Continue reading “Privacy Policy”
Dominion Lending Centres Inc. is committed to providing you with excellent service and maintaining a high level of security and respect for your right to privacy. (In this policy, “DLC” or “Dominion Lending Centres” means Dominion Lending Centres Inc.)
Overview
This statement is one way of sustaining your trust in our company, our products and our services. Our privacy statement describes how we collect, protect and use information about you during your visit on our web site.
What Personal Information Does Dominion Lending Centres Inc. Collect Online?
We may collect personal information about you from the information you provide to us when you fill out an application or other forms on our site. We may also receive personal information about you from consumer reporting agencies, your transactions with us, our affiliates or others. This information may include:
Financial Information, Name, Address, Social Security Number, Account Numbers, Telephone Number, or Email Address.
Why Is Personal Information Collected?
If you fill out an application or other form on our site, we may ask for a variety of information to help us communicate with you, evaluate your eligibility and the product or services that may be right for you. We may also obtain other information about you, for example, your credit report. This information is used to determine your eligibility for our products and services.
Also, if you choose to share any personal information with us, we may store it and use it for our own marketing research and the marketing of our products and services to you.
When Is Personal Information About Me Collected Online?
We collect personal information about you when you fill out an application or other forms on our site, when you register through registration web pages and each time you update your personal profile.
Does Dominion Lending Centres Inc. Use Cookies or Other Online Technologies to Collect Information About Me?
Some of our web sites may make use of “cookie” technology to measure site activity and to customize information to your personal tastes. A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then store the cookie on your hard drive. So, when you come back to visit us again, we can tailor information to suit your individual preferences. The goal is to save you time and provide you with a more meaningful visit.
When you visit our site, we may collect and store information about your visit. This information may include the time and length of your visit, the pages you view on our site, the last site you visited before coming to ours, and the name of your internet service provider. We use this data on an aggregate basis to measure site activity, and on an individual basis to make the site more useful and provide information that may be of interest to you.
Online Advertising We Utilize
In this section of our Privacy Policy, we want to outline and describe Targeted Advertising (which can also be called Remarketing or Behavioral Advertising), Google Analytics, and the choices you have related to this type of online advertising and data collection.
The third party ad networks and ad companies we utilize, including Google, serve our ads to you on sites across the internet based on past visits to our website. Targeted Advertising through third party ad networks, including Google, allows us the ability to better tailor our marketing and advertising to fit your needs by displaying ads that are more relevant to you.
Third party ad networks and ad companies we utilize, including Google, use cookies, and may also use web beacons and similar technologies, to collect user behavior Information during any visit or visits you make to this website in order to provide measurement services and advertising optimization only. As an example, the information that is collected by the cookie may include the number of times you visited a page and viewed and/or clicked an ad. The cookie does not collect personal information or give access to your computer.
If you do not want to participate in Targeted Advertising and Google Analytics data gathering you can opt out of the automated collection of information by third party ad networks, including Google, by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance Consumer Choice page at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ and by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Consumer Opt-Out page at www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. You can also edit your Google Display Network ad preferences at http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/ and opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics Opt Out Page at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Do You Share Personal Information About Me?
In certain circumstances, we may share information about you with other companies so that we may provide you with the products and services you have requested. We may share information about you with our suppliers and service providers for their use in providing services, or within the Dominion Lending Centres Inc. family for market research and marketing purposes as allowed by law. Also, we may share information about you with credit reporting agencies when you complete an online form or application.
Any company with which we share information about you for the above purposes is contractually required to comply with confidentiality standards. We may disclose information about you as required or permitted by law. We do not sell information about you to anyone.
How Can I Review, Change or Correct Information You Collect?
We are committed to maintaining accurate and up-to-date information on all of our customers. We may provide you with access to account information in different ways, for example, over the telephone, online or on paper.
If you have completed and saved, but have not submitted, an online form or application you may be able to make certain changes to the information you have provided to us before it is submitted. If you are unable to make changes to the information you have provided to us online, you may Contact in order to do so.
How Do You Protect Personal Information?
We restrict access to the information obtained from our websites and web pages to our employees, agents and contractors. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect personal information.
How Do I Contact Dominion Lending Centres Inc. If I Have Questions About This Statement?
Dominion Lending Centres Inc.
Customer Questions
2215 Coquitlam Avenue
Port Coquitlam, BC V3B 1J6
Telephone: 1-888-806-8080
Will Dominion Lending Centres Inc. Make Changes To This Privacy Statement?
This statement is effective January 1st, 2006 and remains in effect until amended. Dominion Lending Centres Inc. reserves the right to amend this Privacy Statement or alter its privacy principles at its sole discretion without notice to you. Any alterations to this Privacy Statement or our privacy principles will be posted on our web site in a timely manner.
Does Dominion Lending Centres Inc. follow the Canadian Anti-Spam Legislation?
Canada’s new Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL) came into effect on July 1, 2014. Under this new legislation, we are required to obtain your consent in order to send you email communication about latest mortgage news, events, products and services. If you have any questions, please contact us
Mortgages
Benefits of Using a Mortgage Professional
How Much Does it Cost
Mortgage Renewal
Home Equity
Mortgage Life Insurance
Apply Now
Current Rates
Cell: 250-571-2480
© 2020 Dominion Lending Centres
Terms of Use |
Privacy Policy