http://kanematsuusa.com/privacy
Home
About
Mission+Goal
History of Kanematsu
Message From President
Products
Electronics & Devices
Foods & Grain
Steel & Materials
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
Branches
Chicago Head Office
Somerset
Detroit
Houston
Portland
Silicon Valley
Contact
Kanematsu USA > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Policy on handling of personal information of visitors to Kanematsu’s website
The management of Kanematsu Corporation regards the protection of the privacy of its customers as part the Company’s social mission. This includes the safekeeping and non-disclosure to third parties of personal information supplied to the Company by visitors to its website, such as the names and addresses of such visitors. Details of measures taken to protect visitors’ personal information are listed below. Please note that these measures extend only to Kanematsu’s own website, and we can accept no responsibility for the protection of personal information supplied to other websites to which our own provides links. Users are advised to confirm the privacy policies of the owners of the said linked websites.
1. Uses of personal information obtained
Personal information provided to us by visitors to our website is used solely in order to allow us to reply to the said visitors’ queries. No other use of a visitor’s personal information will be made without the express prior permission of the visitor.
2. Disclosure to third parties
In principle, the Company does not divulge personal information obtained from visitors to its website to third parties without the permission of the visitor in question. This policy does not apply, however, in cases where the law obliges the Company to divulge such information, or when the Company is subject to a court order specifying that such information must be released.
3. Management of personal information
The Company takes great pains to ensure that the security system operating on its website is regularly upgraded and maintained at a high level of operational efficiency, thus minimizing the possibility of unauthorized access to personal information by outside parties, the accidental leakage of such personal information, or the deliberate release of such information by Company employees.
4. Revisions to the Company’s privacy policy
The Company reserves the right to revise its privacy policy in cases of necessity, such as changes in the law relating to privacy in Japan.
©Kanematsu USA. All rights reserved.
Term of Use
Privacy Policy
Site Map