https://kaybridge.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Skip to search
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions
Kaybridge (“we”, “our” or “us”) operate this website. Though we endeavour to ensure the accuracy of the information placed on this website we do not warrant or guarantee the accuracy or correctness of such information or of any other content, description or material placed on or referred to on this website. We do not warrant that the website, its content or the server that makes it available are an error or virus free or free of other harmful components or that your use of this website will be uninterrupted.  In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage (whether direct or indirect, including loss of profits or any consequential loss) resulting from or in any way connected with your use of this website whether caused by negligence or otherwise, although we do not limit or exclude our liability for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence.  If you are dissatisfied with the website or any content or materials on it, your sole exclusive remedy is to discontinue your use of the website.  All content of this website including but not limited to the text, photographs, images, graphics, illustrations, designs, written and other material including the program and code that operates this web site (together the “content”) is protected by copyright, trademark and/or other proprietary rights owned by or licensed to Kaybridge. Should you choose to download, print or copy any content from this website, you must do so only in accordance with these terms. Such activity is permitted only for your personal use – you must not allow any other person to access the online service with your username and password. In all cases, we must be acknowledged as the source of the material. You acknowledge that you have no right to use the content in any other manner. If you want to make additional use of any of our material outside the terms of this disclaimer, you should apply to Kaybridge for the appropriate consent and conditions. Unless stated otherwise on this website all other uses of the content are expressly prohibited.  The website may provide links to other websites, the content of which is not under our control. Accordingly, we cannot accept any responsibility for the materials or offers for goods or services featured on such websites. Links to such sites are not to be taken as an endorsement of such websites or as a warranty that such websites will be free of viruses or other such items of a destructive nature.  Kaybridge reserves the rights to withdraw or change the services without prior warning.
Cookie Information:
Our website also makes use of Cookies (Cookies are small files stored on your computer) for the following purposes:
enabling a service to recognise your computer so you don’t have to give the same information several times during one task
measuring how many people are using services, so they can be made easier to use and there’s enough capacity to ensure they are fast
To allow you to use items such as logins, Forms or Shopping Carts  Privacy Policy – Your Information:
Any information you submit to us through the website, we will use to contact you further to your request for us to do so.
We will add the information you supply to our internal CRM Database system so that we can communicate with you. We will remove this information at your request.
We don’t sell or pass on your information or provide to other companies or third parties
We don’t add you to a mailing list unless you have requested we do so through our newsletter sign-up.