https://keanet.eu/book-the-future-of-cultural-policies/
About
What we do
Who we are
Team
Clients
Service
Strategy Consulting
Project Design
Research
Communications
Events
Work
Publications
Projects
Events
Blog
News
Opinions
Buy books
European.
What about union?
The Future of Cultural Policies
Contact
Jobs
B.creative
The Future
of Cultural Policies
The Future of Cultural Policies aims to trace a way for culture policy to play its part in building a stronger and more efficient European Union. It takes stock of the past and proposes concrete actions for culture to transform Europe and to give it meaning. It focuses on the evolution of cultural policies worldwide, the experience of designing culture policy in Shenzhen (China’s Silicon Valley) and working with financial intermediaries to support the financing of the European cultural and creative sectors.
The content of the book is drawn from the various assignments KEA was in charge of over recent years. It is therefore the product of a collective adventure to build understanding on the power of cultural investment. At KEA we are convinced that cultural workers should be included in the process of addressing the digital and ecological challenges, extensive transformation of our economies, our societies and our very imaginations. The digital challenge is endangering Europe’s singular attachment to humanist ideals, freedom, diversity and solidarity. Artists and cultural workers, in their capacity to reach out to the wider public, are best positioned to support the ecological transition and build social cohesion to address global challenges.
Foreword by Mariya Gabriel, European Commissioner for Innovation, Reasearch, Culture, Education and Youth.
Book reviews:
Review by Dorota Ilczuk – Professor and Mateusz Smól, PhD student at SWPS University, Creative Economy Research Centre
Review by Montserrat Pareja Eastaway – Director Master Cultural Management, GRC Creativity, innovation and urban transformation, Faculty of Economics and Business at the University of Barcelona
Review by Andy Pratt – Professor of Cultural Economy Director of Centre for Culture and the Creative Industries Department of Sociology City, University of London
How to order?
01
KEA direct order
Contact Allison Reekie at areekie@keanet.eu
Shipped to your address in Europe & USA via normal post: €23 – (incl. postage, packaging, VAT)
Shipping to countries in the rest of the world via normal post: €12 plus postage, packaging
02
Amazon
€20 excl. shipping*
£20 excl. shipping*
€6.54 – e-book
*Shipping costs will be quoted by Amazon on purchase and depend on the delivery destination. All deliveries are via standard post.
Subscribe to news
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non Necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
save and close