https://keanet.eu/private-policy/
About
What we do
Who we are
Team
Clients
Service
Strategy Consulting
Project Design
Research
Communications
Events
Work
Publications
Projects
Events
Blog
News
Opinions
Buy books
European.
What about union?
The Future of Cultural Policies
Contact
Jobs
B.creative
Private policy
KEA European Affairs
General warning
The privacy and the security of the users’ personal information is extremely important to KEA European Affairs. We are committed to protecting their privacy and we take all reasonable precautions to safeguard personal information. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to explain how KEA European Affairs uses personal information collected via this site.
1.1. Access to www.keanet.eu implies full and unconditional acceptance by the users of this privacy policy, as well as its terms of use.
1.2. The users acknowledge having read the information below and authorizes KEA European Affairs to deal, in accordance with what is specified below, with the personal data he/she communicates on/to this website.
1.3. This website redirects to third party platforms, where their privacy policies may differ. KEA European Affairs cannot be held responsible for any data processed on these websites or by them.
The collected information
2.1. Online activity
By browsing this website, we acquire information about the type of device used by the user to access this website, his/her visits and behavior on the website (IP address, location, browser type and version, referrer and activity). We register the his/her activity and preferences when visiting the website through the use of cookies (see section 6 “Cookies”).
2.2. Sign-up details
If the users sign up for newsletters on the site, we will ask them for personal information such as their name, email address, occupation and other contact details such as a contact phone number.
2.3. Job application details
If users apply online for a job at KEA European Affairs, we will collect information about them and their experience through that application process.
2.4. Feedback and surveys
We may also ask the users for feedback about KEA European Affairs or to complete surveys.
2.5. Research
If users agree to work with us in relation to any research we are conducting we will ask their name and contact details, occupation and may ask for further information about them as may be relevant to the particular research they are participating in.
2.6. Users’ posts and communications
If the users post content or communicate via the site, we may also ask for their name, occupation and the organisation they may work for. We also store and monitor their content and communications.
2.7. Purchases
If the users purchase a book via the website we will collect their name, organisation details, email and postal address, telephone number and payment details.
The use of the collected information
3.1. General purposes
Without prejudice to what has been specified under section 2 (“the information collected”), concerning the automatically transmitted data, the website collects, saves and processes the personal data of its users in particular for the following purposes:
To provide the service
To analyze, adapt and improve the content of the website
To carry out internal statistical surveys and market surveys and to deploy various statistical systems and studies
To detect and / or prevent fraud or similar activities of an illegal nature
To facilitate the provision and use of the website and improve the services offered by KEA European Affairs as well as the experience of the users
To respond to requests for information
To inform them about the evolutions of the website and its functionalities
For any other purpose for which the users have expressly consented
Users should make sure that any personal details they provide are accurate and up to date, and let us know about any changes. They also should get consent first before giving us anyone else’s information.
3.2. Communication to third parties
KEA European Affairs considers personal data as confidential information. We may use third party platforms and processors to deliver newsletters, process applications, event registrations, tickets or publication sales, payments, surveys, and any request to update the users’ data contact preferences. In using these third parties we are pursuing our legitimate interest to use third party technology to achieve greater efficiency within our organisation.
The nature of KEA European Affairs’ work means we often work in partnership with other organisations, however, we will not share the users’ information with any other organisation unless we have his/her permission first, unless we have a legitimate interest to do so.
3.3. Improvement of our website content and functionalities
We may also use the users’ information to carry out analysis to improve our publications, events and activities, update our website functionalities and its content to the users’ particular preferences, notify them of any changes to our website or to our activities that may affect them, to prevent and detect fraud and abuse, and to protect other users.
3.4. Development of our business and improvement of our offer
The users choose to engage with or support KEA European Affairs, we may retain their information for our own legitimate business interests for statistical analysis purposes, in order to review, develop and improve our business activities. In this situation, we will only keep any personal information if it is necessary to do so, and will always put in place appropriate safeguards, including where possible anonymising or minimising the data retained.
3.4. Transfer to a country not a member of the European economic area
KEA European Affairs does not transfer data to a country which is not a member of the European Economic Area unless it provides an adequate level of protection within the meaning of the law applicable, or within the limits permitted by the same law, for example by ensuring the protection of data by appropriate contractual provisions.
The retention period of the collected information
4.1. We will only keep any personal information that users provide to us for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which they gave us the information and we will securely delete information when it is no longer needed for that purpose, as explained in more detail below.
4.2. KEA European Affairs will only keep any personal data of its users for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which he/she gave us the information. KEA European Affairs may also continue to maintain personal data provided by the users in other ways, including any correspondence or request for assistance addressed to KEA European Affairs, in order to be able to answer any questions or complaints that may be addressed to it. In order to comply with all applicable laws, in particular the conservation of information on payments made.
Marketing
5.1. If the users sign up to our mailing list we will use their details to keep them informed about latest news, blogs, programme updates, research, publications, event details, jobs and funding opportunities, and may request feedback, including our annual audience survey.
We use third party providers to deliver our e-newsletters. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter.
5.2. If users no longer want to receive marketing communications from us, they can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time by please clicking the unsubscribe link, at the bottom of our emails or by emailing info@keanet.eu detailing your name and email address.
5.3. We use third party remarketing services to tailor advertising to the users based upon their browsing history on this website, for more information see section 6 ”Cookies”.
Cookies
6.1. This site uses cookies. Cookies are small text files that are placed on the user’s computer by websites he/she visits. They are widely used to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to site owners. Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through browser settings. The user accepts the cookies and therefore agree to their use if he/she does not disable them.
6.2. This site uses cookies that are strictly necessary to enable you to move around the site or to provide certain basic features, such as logging into secure areas.
6.3. The site also uses performance cookies which collect information about how users use the site, such as how they are referred to it and how long they stay on certain pages. This information is aggregated and therefore anonymous and is used to improve the performance of the site. Users can choose to block cookies by changing the settings on their browser. Users should be aware that some of the features of the site may not work if they choose to block cookies.
6.4. We also use third party tracking cookies for remarketing, including Google Adwords. These third parties help us to send tailored advertisements about KEA European Affairs, that we think may be of interest to the users, based on what parts of KEA European Affairs’ websites they have viewed. The advertisements will be shown to them on other search results pages, or on sites within Google’s or any other third party display network. We do not collect any identifiable information through the use of these third party remarketing services.
If the users do not wish to receive such advertisements, then they must deactivate the Google Adwords cookie from their account.
6.5. If you want, you can block cookies by changing the settings on your browser – we have set out below links to the help pages of some major browsers which explain how you can do this. Blocking the cookies we use may have an adverse impact upon the presentation of some or all of our website.
Security
7.1.  KEA European Affairs has taken the adequate measures steps to protect the users’ personal information and to ensure that the servers hosting the processed personal data prevent, to the extent possible:
The processing, access or unauthorized modification of these data
The inadequate use or disclosure of such data
The unlawful destruction or accidental loss of such data
7.2. In this respect, KEA European Affairs employees who have access to these data are subject to a strict confidentiality obligation. KEA European Affairs cannot, however, be held liable for any misappropriation of these data by a third party in spite of the adopted security measures.
7.3. If the user has a password for an account on this site, he/she must keep this safe and do not share it with anyone else. He/she is responsible for all activity on his/her account and must contact us immediately if he/she is aware of any unauthorised use of his/her password or other security breach.
Rights and complaints of the users
8.1. The users are legally entitled to know what personal information we hold about him/her and how that information is processed, which includes the right to:
Know what information we hold about him/her
Ask us to correct any mistakes in his/her information which we hold
Ask us to delete the his/her personal information
Ask us to stop using his/her personal information or restrict how we can use it, for example if you feel it is inaccurate or no longer needs to be used by KEA European Affairs
Object to us using of his/her personal information
Object to any automated decision making that we may do using his/her personal information
8.2. The users may at any time request access, rectification or, if necessary, deletion of his/her personal data, with the exception of those which KEA European Affairs would have a legal obligation to keep, by sending a written request accompanied by enough information to identify himself/herself (e.g. name and address or any registration details):
At the following postal address: Rue du trône 51, Brussels 1050
To the following email address: info@keanet.eu
8.3. If the users wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled the personal data, then he/she can send a written request accompanied by enough information to identify himself/herself (e.g. name and address or any registration details):
At the following postal address: Rue du trône 51, Brussels 1050
To the following email address: info@keanet.eu
If the users are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing personal data not in accordance with the law, it is possible to can complain to the Data Protection Authority https://www.dataprotectionauthority.be/
Changes to the privacy policy
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. We will notify the users of any changes that relate to information we already hold about them, where practicable. They should check this policy occasionally to ensure they are aware of the most recent version that will apply each time they access this website.
Registered office: Rue du trône 51, Brussels 1050
Email: info@keanet.eu
Subscribe to news
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non Necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
save and close