http://kegman.net/pages/terms-conditions
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart ()
Continue shopping
Your Cart ()
View cart
View cart
Call 973-512-2028 with any questions
Draft Beverages
Beer Tools & Testing
Cleaning Gear and Chemicals
Couplers Beer Taps
Faucets
Draft Towers
Pass Through
Tee Towers
Tube Tower
Draft Beer Kit Build Your Own
Drip Trays
Bevel Edge
Cut Out Wrap Around
Flush Mount
Parts
Surface Mount
Wall Mount
FOBS
Gas Blending
Get it Cold
Air Cooled
Flash Chillers
Glycol Cooling
Hoses
Fittings & More
Hose Clamps & Fittings
Jockey Boxes Tailgating
Build Your Own Jockey Box
Jockey Boxes Coil
Jockey Boxes Cold Plate
Kegregators & Dispensers
Kegerator Beer
Regulators
Regulator Parts
Regulators & Tanks
Secondary Panels
Shanks
Elbow Shanks
Jockey Box
Plated Brass
Stainless Shanks
Tap Handles
Temperature Control Devices
Soda Seltzer & Water
Carbonators Motorized
Carbonators Motorless
Conversion DIY Kits
Bottling Systems
Disconnects & Hoses
Get It Cold
Handles Seltzer
Kegerators Seltzer
Seltzer Regulators and CO2 tanks
Seltzer Towers and Dispensers
Shanks
Soda Tanks & Kegs
Syrup & Water Pumps
Tools
Wine & Kombucha
Info & Education
About Us
Blog
FAQ
Shipping & Returns
Favorites
My Account
Gift Certificates
Terms & Conditions
Kegman Website Terms & Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Kegmang web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license, you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Kegman web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Kegman at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Kegman's web site are provided “as is”. Kegman makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Kegman does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Kegman or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Kegman's Internet site, even if Kegman or a Kegman authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Kegman web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Kegman does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Kegman may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Kegman does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Kegman has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Kegman of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Kegman may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Kegman web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Colorado without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed a Privacy Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
This document was last updated on December 9, 2019
19,000 + Happy Customers
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh
press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection