https://kelvincave.com/privacy-policy/
Go To Top
Forage
Silage additives
Silage Preservation
Silage additives
Organic additives
Hay, Haylage & Straw
Clamp management
Effective compacting
Sheeting the Clamp
Sealing the clamp
SilaPactor case study
Grain
Crimping
What is grain crimping?
How to crimp
Crimping contractors
Crimping case study
Crimping machinery
Crimpers & dry grain rollers
Weighing
The KC Bruiser
KC Mini-Flaker
Grain preservatives
Crimpsafe Preservative
Propcorn NC
Preservative case study
Clamp management
Effective compacting
Sealing the clamp
Grain processing baggers
EQUIPMENT
Grain processing
Crimpers & dry grain rollers
The KC Bruiser
KC Mini-Flaker
Weighing
Clamp management
Effective compacting
Sheeting the Clamp
Sealing the clamp
Grain processing baggers
ENSILING
Ensiling methods
Effective compacting
The advantage of O2 barrier
Ensiling case study
Ensiling products
Sheeting the clamp
Sealing the clamp
Effective compacting
Grain processing baggers
AD Plants
Energy Crops
Energy Crops and AD Plants
Getting the most from Energy Crops
SllaPactor delivers a crushing blow
SCIENCE CENTRE
Slurry
Fields studies
Technical articles
Newsletters
Your questions answered
OUR BUSINESS
Kelvin Cave
The story so far
What we provide
Leaders in innovation
News articles
All News articles
Events & shows
Upcoming Events
Contact Us
Your local contact
Head office
Contact Us
Crimping contractors
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
KELVIN CAVE LTD – PRIVACY STATEMENT
Kelvin Cave Limited (‘we’ or ‘us’ or ‘our’) gather and process your personal information in accordance with this privacy statement and in compliance with the relevant data protection regulation and law. This statement provides you with the necessary information regarding your rights and obligations, and explains how, why and when we collect and process your personal data.
Kelvin Cave Limited is a company registered in England and Wales under company number 1706353. Our registered office is at Roe Deer Farm, Croftland Lane, Drayton, Langport, Somerset TA10 0LP.
Information that we collect
We only process your personal information to meet our legal, statutory and contractual obligations and to provide you with our products and services. We will never collect any unnecessary personal data from you and do not process your information in any other way than already specified in this statement.
Information we collect directly from you: personal data is generally collected when you provide it to us (verbally, in writing or electronically).
Information collected from third parties: we receive personal data about you from third parties who provide it to us.
The personal data that we collect may include but is not limited to:
Name
Address
Email
Telephone Number
Mobile Telephone Number
How We Use Your Personal Data
We take your privacy very seriously and will never disclose, share or sell your data without your consent, unless required to do so by law. We only retain your data for as long as is necessary and for the purposes specified in this statement. Where you have consented to us providing you with promotional offers and marketing, you are free to withdraw such consent at any time.
The purposes and reasons for processing your personal data are:
To provide a product or service.
To pass on your data to complete a transaction you have requested or authorised or to provide a product or service, e.g. carriers we contract to deliver products or suppliers of products we do not have in stock
To collect and store your personal data as part of our legal obligation for business accounting and tax purposes
If you apply through us for finance we will pass your details to the finance provider
To provide information that may be of interest to you in a quarterly newsletter sent in the post or by email.
Your Rights
You have the right to access any personal information that we process about you and to request information about:
What personal data we hold about you
The purposes of the processing
The categories of personal data concerned
The recipients to whom the personal data has/will be disclosed
How long we intend to store your personal data for
If we did not collect the data directly from you, information about the source
If you believe that we hold any incomplete or inaccurate data about you, you have the right to ask us to correct and/or complete the information and we will strive to update/correct it as quickly as possible, unless there is a valid reason for not doing so, at which point you will be notified.
You also have the right to request erasure of your personal data or to restrict processing in accordance with the data protection law, as well as to object to any direct marketing from us and to be informed about any automated decision-making that we use.
If we receive a request for any of the above rights, to ensure that your data is protected and kept secure. we may ask you to verify your identity before acting on the relevant request.
Sharing and Disclosing Your Personal Information
We do not share or disclose any of your personal information without your consent, other than for the purposes specified in this statement or where there is a legal requirement.
Other Websites
Our website and online services may contain links to other websites. This privacy policy applies only to Kelvin Cave Limited. When you visit other websites please make sure you read their privacy policy.
Safeguarding Measures
Kelvin Cave Limited takes your privacy seriously and takes every reasonable measure and precaution to protect and secure your personal data. We work hard to protect you and your information from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction and have several layers of security measures in place, including measures such as:
SSL
Encryptions
Pseudonymisation
Practices, restriction
IT authentication
Ransomware
Firewalls
Restricted Access
Consequences of Not Providing Your Data
You are not obligated to provide your personal information to us, however, as this information is required for us to provide you with our services/deliver your products/legitimate interests, we will not be able to offer some/all of our products or services without it.
How Long We Keep Your Data
We only ever retain personal information for as long as is necessary, and we have strict review and retention policies in place to meet these obligations. We are required under UK tax law to keep accounting details for a minimum of 6 years after which time it will be destroyed.
Personal information used for recruitment and selection processes will be destroyed 1 year from date of interview.
Where you have consented to us using your details for direct marketing, we will keep such data until you notify us otherwise and withdraw your consent.
Promotions & Offers
We would like to contact you with details of the products/offers/services that we provide. If you consent to us using your contact details for these purposes, you have the right to modify or withdraw your consent at any time by contacting
Managing your data, withdrawal of consent and lodging a complaint
You can ask us to change or amend the data we hold about your or withdraw your consent for us to hold such data at any time by contacting our Data Protection Manager, Anne Cave, (by phone: 01458 252281; email: anne@kelvincave.com; or post: Roe Deer Farm, Drayton, Langport, Somerset TA10 0LP).
We only process your personal information in compliance with this privacy statement and in accordance with the relevant data protection laws. If, however you wish to raise a complaint regarding the processing of your personal data or are unsatisfied with how we have handled your information, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
Download a pdf version of our privacy policy.
Latest news
Harvest Help 2020
Welcome to "Harvest Help 2020" As the wet and windy weather continues, and with such a large area of crop still...
Read more
Crimping solves challenge of
unevenly ripened spring cereals
Secondary tillering and the uneven ripening of cereal crops this summer is presenting challenges to growers as harvest approaches. However,...
Read more
Better silage – better farm
Perfecting the techniques of making maize silage on a Herefordshire farm has created knock-on opportunities which have lifted performance across...
Read more
Better forage is central to a new way of farming
Just like many cattle farmers across the uplands of England, Geoff Roddam used to feed his stock on grass silage...
Read more
Pulses grown for greening cut out bought-in protein
An innovative approach to growing and preserving peas, beans and lupins has cut out bought-in protein from almost all livestock...
Read more
Options for rye as an energy crop
Wholecrop rye is increasing in popularity for good reason. But users growing it for anaerobic digestion are also starting to...
Read more
Website by
SPS Marketing Ltd
|
Privacy Policy