https://kennedydrivered.com/wp/privacy-policy/
Bill Kennedy, Owner
KennedyDrivered.com
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting KennedyDriverEd.com This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at our website. Please be sure to read this privacy policy before using our site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be altered or changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on an on-going, not retroactive basis, You are highly encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit our website to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used. Note: the privacy practices set forth in our privacy policy are for this website only. If you link to other websites, please review the privacy policies posted at those websites.
The collection of personal INFORMATION
At KennedyDriverEd.com We may collect personally identifiable information, like names, mailing addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request posted on the site. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
In addition, certain elements will be centered on mobile devices and tablets and aligned to the left or right on a desktop display. You can adjust the layout for each Block at three different device widths – desktop, tablet, and mobile.
Cookie or Website Tracking Technology
KennedyDriverEd.com may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and website tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the website, and understanding how users navigate KennedyDriverEd.com. Cookies can also help customize the website for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected by cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you have previously provided personal identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
The distribution of information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies who may assist us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law, or (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is note provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to data security
Your personal identifiable information is kept safe and secure. Only authorized administrators have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this website will allow you to opt out of further mailings.
We reserve the right, at any time, to make changes to this privacy policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Call Now