https://kitplaneparts.com/home/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Your privacy is critically important to us.
It is Kitplane Parts LLC’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to https://kitplaneparts.com (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, or “https://kitplaneparts.com”). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Kitplane Parts LLC collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Kitplane Parts LLC’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Kitplane Parts LLC’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Kitplane Parts LLC may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Kitplane Parts LLC also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://kitplaneparts.com blog posts. Kitplane Parts LLC only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Kitplane Parts LLC’s websites choose to interact with Kitplane Parts LLC in ways that require Kitplane Parts LLC to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Kitplane Parts LLC gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at https://kitplaneparts.com to provide a username and email address.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Kitplane Parts LLC and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
Aggregated Statistics
Kitplane Parts LLC may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Kitplane Parts LLC may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Kitplane Parts LLC does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Kitplane Parts LLC uses “Cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Kitplane Parts LLC uses cookies to help Kitplane Parts LLC identify and track visitors, their usage of https://kitplaneparts.com, and their website access preferences. Kitplane Parts LLC visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Kitplane Parts LLC’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Kitplane Parts LLC’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Kitplane Parts LLC’s use of cookies.
E-commerce
Those who engage in transactions with Kitplane Parts LLC – by purchasing Kitplane Parts LLC’s services or products, are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Kitplane Parts LLC collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Kitplane Parts LLC. Kitplane Parts LLC does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Business Transfers
If Kitplane Parts LLC, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Kitplane Parts LLC goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Kitplane Parts LLC may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Kitplane Parts LLC may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Kitplane Parts LLC’s sole discretion. Kitplane Parts LLC encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
AllApparelHeating SystemsLightingTools & Parts
Search for:
Home
Lighting
Navigation and Landing Lights
Work Lights
Heating Systems
Heaters
Controls
Hoses and Ducts
Tools & Parts
Aircraft Parts
Tools
Apparel
Clothing
Mugs
Newsletter
Due to high demand, shipping currently takes up to two weeks!
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
A password will be sent to your email address.
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Register