https://kitron.com/privacy-policy
Loading
Privacy policy
This document sets out the terms and conditions for your use of www.kitron.com and other websites run by Kitron (the ”Website”), Kitron’s privacy policy and cookie policy. In the following, visitors of the Website and Kitron’s premises will be referred to as ”user” or ”you”.
1. Terms and Conditions
By accessing and using the Website you agree to the following terms and conditions:
This Website, including the contents as well as the selection and arrangement of the contents of each individual page or of the collection of the pages, are fully owned by Kitron.
You are allowed to use and to distribute necessary minor extracts from Kitron’s Website to provide direct linkage to the pages, or linkage by Internet search services, store extracts from Kitron’s Website on your computer and to print copies of them, for your personal non-commercial use only.
Any other kind of use, reproduction, translation, adaptation, arrangement, any other alteration, distribution or storage of this site in any form and by any means, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Kitron is prohibited.
Specific terms and conditions apply to your use of Kitron’s job application service.
The information contained in this Website may not be accurate, up to date or applicable to the circumstances of any particular case. We cannot accept any liability for the content or any inaccuracies or omissions. Any decisions you make based on information contained in this Website are your sole responsibility.
Neither Kitron nor any of its subsidiaries accept liability for any direct, indirect, special, substantial or other losses or damage of whatsoever kind arising from access to, or the use of Website or any information contained in it.
2. Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy provides information to users of the Website and visitors of Kitron’s premises on how personal data are collected and processed, and the rights of the visitors in accordance with applicable personal data security regulations.
2.1. DATA CONTROLLER FOR YOUR PERSONAL DATA
For the purpose of this privacy policy, Kitron (Kitron ASA and subsidiaries*) are data controllers for the personal data provided by you by visiting the Website or Kitron’s premises, and by submitting your job application or subscribing to our newsletter. Personal data may also be collected through your visit to our premises. Kitron will only use your personal data for the purposes they were collected. Kitron will process your personal data in accordance with applicable laws on privacy.
* Kitron AS, Kitron AB, Kitron UAB, Kitron GmbH, Kitron Sp.zo.o.
2.2. THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU
In order to enable the use of the Website, we will process certain information about you.
Information about you; may include name, title/position, email, phone number, employers name, former employer’s names, education, etc. depending on the specific information provided by you through your job application.
Your name and email address; when you subscribe for press releases and/or stock market announcements.
Your name, business, phone number and an NDA between you and Kitron in connection with your visit to Kitron’s premises.
Timing and duration of visits to our premises, as well as camera surveillance images, when you enter/leave Kitron’s premises.
Your IP address and other information about your computer; we may collect and store your IP address (the number that identifies your computer on the internet) and other information about your computer for system administration purposes (e.g. to calculate how many users that has accessed and used the Website). The IP address will only be stored for the duration of the visit on the Website and will thereafter be either deleted or anonymized.
Cookies; we use cookies and other information gathering methods to enhance the user experience and optimize the Website. Please refer to our Cookie Policy below.
2.3. HOW AND WHY DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION AND WHAT IS THE LEGAL BASIS?
We will only process the personal data mentioned for the purposes stipulated in this privacy policy. We use the personal data you provide to us or that we collect through your use of the Website for the following purposes:
To enable you to use the Website and the option for submittal of job applications;
To process your job application and store it for potential vacancies in the future;
To improve the Website and the user experience;
To respond to your applications and inquiries;
The personal data included in the job application service will only be used to process the job applications;
To review and communicate with potential suppliers that are interested in being a supplier to Kitron;
To send you newsletters and other marketing content that you have subscribed to;
To comply with all applicable rules and regulations; and
For any other purposes for which we will notify you specifically at the time of collection or upon obtaining your consent, or as permitted or required by law, rule, regulation or any other legal process.
2.4. LEGAL GROUNDS FOR PROCESSING
For processing activities stipulated in this Privacy Policy, we base our legal grounds for processing on Consent, Legitimate Interest, and legal obligation.
Consent; Consent may be given upon request from Kitron. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting Kitron. Please be advised that the processing of job applications is dependent on the processing of certain information regarding the users and that a withdrawal of consent may lead to your job application not being processed. Examples of processing based on consent, are in particular the purposes addressed in section 2.3(4), (5) and (7) above.
When subscribing to our newsletter, you are giving us consent to send you marketing information, you can unsubscribe at any time by following the link in each email.
Processing necessary for attending to the legitimate interests of Kitron; Processing is lawful when it is necessary for the purpose of legitimate interests of Kitron and are not overridden by your interests. For certain processing purposes – e.g. to improve the Website (section 2.3(3))[, and to improve the Website`s attractiveness through targeted content (section 2.3(3))] and to ensure the security of our premises in accordance with Kitron’s security strategy (section 2.3(8)) - the legitimate interests of Kitron, will constitute the legal basis for processing as a supplement to consent. This legal basis will also allow processing to, e.g. prevent loss or damages to Kitron or to prevent any actions that may compromise Kitron’s property or the personal data of the other users of the Website.
Processing necessary for compliance with legal obligations; We will also process certain personal data to comply with all applicable rules and regulations to which we are subject, e.g. statutory rules related to storage for accounting purposes, cf. section 2.3 (5).
2.5. RECIPIENTS OF PERSONAL DATA
Your personal data will be disclosed to and processed by Kitron employees, who through their role are associated with the purpose of processing.
We do not sell, exchange or otherwise share your personal information with any third party without your explicit consent.  The exception is to the third parties that assist us in running this site, conducting our business, delivering our goods and services, as long as these parties treat the personal data in accordance with applicable laws on privacy, defined as contractual requirements in our data processing agreements.
2.6. YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to demand your personal data deleted at any time. Upon such an inquiry, all your personal data will be deleted, unless statutory obligations or legitimate interests require continued storage. Anonymized information, i.e. information that cannot be linked to you, may be subject to continued storage.
If you want to exercise your right to:
get information about what personal data we have registered on you;
change or update the stored data and correct any errors in that data;
request that unnecessary data is erased;
request information about your right to restrict processing or object to processing under certain circumstances; or
request information about your right to data portability, i.e. your right to obtain, reuse and transfer personal data provided to Kitron to another IT environment;
withdraw your consent to the processing of personal data;you should contact Kitron via the contact information stipulated below under section 2.13.
2.7. RETENTION PERIOD
We will retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purposes for processing as defined above unless deleted earlier at your request. The personal data in a job application submitted through the Website will be deleted when the application procedure for the position in question has been deleted if you are not offered the position unless you consent to that we retain the application for up to 12 months after the submittal for the purpose of offering you any future vacancies.
The personal data provided by you when visiting Kitron’s premises is stored for as long it is necessary to fulfil the purposes as defined above, and maximum one year after your last visit.
Recordings from camera surveillance will be deleted within 7 days after the recordings have been made unless it is likely that the recordings will be handed over to the police in connection with the investigation of criminal offences or accidents. In such cases, Kitron can store the recordings for up to 30 days.
2.8. TRANSFER TO THIRD COUNTRY
The information we collect when you are visiting our website can be stored, processed and transferred between all the countries in which we operate, to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  If we transfer your personal data to recipients outside the EU/EEA, we will take all necessary precautions to secure that your personal data is processed in accordance with applicable laws on personal data, including by entering into agreements securing a proper level of security and access.
2.9. PROTECTION OF YOUR DATA
We take the privacy rights of our users seriously and have taken reasonable steps to protect the user’s privacy, including physical, technical and organizational measures, to prevent loss, alterations, theft and unauthorized access to information stored and otherwise processed in relation to the Website.
2.10. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Website may include links to other third-party sites. These third-party sites have its own privacy policies that determine how the third-party site is operated and how personal data is collected and processed. If you submit personal information to any of these third-party sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We take no responsibility for such third-party sites, how they are operated and how they process your personal data. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with such third-party sites’ privacy policies and terms of use when visiting and using such sites.
2.11. RIGHT TO LODGE COMPLAINT WITH A SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY
If you believe that our processing of your personal data infringes relevant data protection regulations, you are entitled to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement, or other relevant supervisory authority.
2.12. MODIFICATIONS TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy from time to time. The most recent revision shall supersede any earlier versions. The current version of the privacy policy will be available at Kitron Privacy Policy page at all times. We will notify the user of any changes to the privacy policy that will require your consent.
2.13. QUESTIONS – CONTACT
If you have any questions relating to this privacy policy or want to exercise your rights in accordance with section 2.6, you should contact Kitron via the address dpr@kitron.com.
3. Cookie Policy
Kitron uses cookies and other information gathering methods to enhance the user experience and optimize the Website. This cookie policy provides information on the cookies used on the Website, and how and why Kitron uses the information collected by cookies.
3.1. THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU BY USING COOKIES
Examples of information collected through the use of cookies are browser information and your activities while on the Website, such as IP-address, what third party sites that connects you to the Website, the search words you use while at the Website, the specific sites you visit at the Website and the date and duration of the visit.
As a visitor on our Website/platform, you will as a main rule remain anonymous. Note however that you will be authenticated and that playthrough data for all content elements will be processed. Further, location data is stored for the purpose of optimizing the portal experience. The location data is never linked to the user data.
3.2. HOW AND WHY DOES KITRON USE THE INFORMATION?
Kitron collects this information for statistical purposes only, for instance to improve the content and the services provided to the users, and to customize the Website in accordance with the customer’s needs. Cookies may also improve the Website’s functionality upon your next visit to the Website.
3.3. HOW TO AVOID COOKIES
In order to detect and delete cookies, you can change the settings in your browser. The ”Help” function of your browser can help you configure your browser to prevent cookies or delete existing cookies. You can also learn how to block all new cookies on your browser and which configuration steps are required to receive a notification about new cookies. However, please note that if you choose not to accept cookies, you may not be granted access to all functionality on the Website.
3.4. THE COOKIES WE USE
Kitron currently uses the following cookies:
COOKIE NAME
PURPOSE OF THE COOKIE?
WHAT DATA DOES THE COOKIE COLLECT?
IS IT A SESSION OR PERSISTENT COOKIE?
WHAT IS THE LIFESPAN OF THE COOKIE?
Website CMS generated cookies
Use of basic CMS generated content features needed to ensure browsing quality
Browsing session ID and website logged user data
Both
Up to 24 months
Please be advised that the above list and this policy can be subject to change. The cookie policy will show the current list at all times. We recommend that you check the cookie policy from time to time, to keep up to date with the current policy and list of cookies.
3.5. MODIFICATIONS TO THIS POLICY OR THE COOKIES USED BY KITRON
Kitron reserves the right to modify this cookie policy from time to time. The most recent revision shall supersede any earlier versions. The current version of the cookie policy will be available at the Kitron Website. Kitron will notify you of any changes to the cookie policy that will require your consent.
Please be advised that continued use of the Website following the posting of any changes of the policy shall constitute acceptance of such changes. Changes that require your consent will be disclosed through notifications in the Website.
Last updated: 2019-08-12
Let‘s keep in touch
Sign up for latest press releases or stock market announcements
Subscribe
Our cookie policy
This website uses cookies to optimize your experience. By closing this message, you agree to our use of
cookies. Learn more about cookies by visiting our privacy page.
Accept & close