http://kksound.com/support/privacy.php
MENU
BY INSTRUMENT
Acoustic Guitar
Archtop/Jazz Guitar
Banjo
Bass Guitar
Drums & Percussion
Maccaferri/Selmer Guitar
Mandolin
Resophonic Guitar
Ukulele
Upright Bass
Vibraphone & Marimba
Violin
Wind Instruments
SEE ALL INSTRUMENTS
BY PRODUCT TYPE
Pickups
Microphones
Preamps
Combination Systems
Accessories
ABOUT
Our Mission
The K&K Story
Contact Us
ARTISTS
Endorsed Artists
Artists of the Month
DEALERS
SUPPORT
Warranty
Orders & Returns
Product Manuals
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Handling Double-Sided Tape
Jig Instructions
Pickups 101
Dieter's Audio Bites
Troubleshooting
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for our website (kksound.com) and our online store (store.kksound.com).
It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site.
We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you.
We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.
We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization,
other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about information relevant to our ongoing trading relationship, such as new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You can do the following at any time by contacting us via email or phone:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information.
When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
We are fully PCI compliant with all our personal customer data.
After the transaction is complete, we never store credit card data without explicit, opt-in consent.
Cookies
Our website uses limited cookies to collect information about our visitors via Google Analytics. This includes data like how many people visit each page, and for how long. We do not use any Google Analytics advertising features. By using this website, you consent to be tracked via Google Analytics. Google Analytics does not collect any personally identifiable information.
©K&K Sound Systems Inc | The Acoustic Pickup Authority
92798 Cape Arago Hwy, Coos Bay, Oregon 97420 | 541-888-3517 | Toll Free 1-800-867-6863 | www.kksound.com