https://koalatv.com/wpautoterms/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions – Koala
Home
About
Portfolio
Contact
Terms and Conditions
Last updated: March 27, 2019
Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms”, “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the https://koalatv.com website (the “Service”) operated by Koala (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Koala and its licensors.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Koala.
Koala has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Koala shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of United Kingdom without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Previous Post
back-arrow
Next Post
back-arrow
Birmingham The Colmore Building
20 Colmore Circus Queensway
Birmingham
B4 6AT
+44 (0) 121 262 4220
hello@koalatv.com
Manchester JAR – Koala
29a Liverpool Road
Manchester
M3 4NQ
+44 (0) 121 262 4220
hello@koalatv.com
Connect Find us on Facebook
Follow us on Instagram
© 2020 Koala Limited.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.I AgreePrivacy policy
Terms and Conditions - Privacy Policy