https://konikow.com/pages/privacy-policy.html
EFFECTIVE AS OF: November 4, 2015
Konikow Associates Incorporated ("we" or "us") respects the privacy of visitors to its website located at www.konikow.com and is committed to maintaining reasonable precautions to protect the privacy and security of the personally identifiable information collected through the Site. We note that this privacy statement (the "Statement") sets forth our online information collection and use policies under U.S. law, and applies solely to our online information-gathering and dissemination practices in connection with the Sites (and not with any other website or service); this Statement does not apply to any of our practices conducted offline.
If you do not agree to the terms of this Statement, you should not use the Site. We reserve the right to update or modify this Statement from time to time, and such changes to the Statement will be effective immediately; therefore please bookmark this page and review it periodically to assure familiarity with the most current version of the Statement. You can tell if the Statement has been updated since you last reviewed it by checking the "EFFECTIVE AS OF" date at the beginning of the Statement.
The Site is intended for use by U.S. residents who are over the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children (that is, minors younger than thirteen years of age). We encourage parents to monitor and participate in their children's activities on the Internet.
This Statement is the sole authorized statement of our practices with respect to the online collection of personally identifiable information through the Site and the use of such information. Any summaries of this Statement generated by third party software or otherwise (for example, in connection with the "Platform for Privacy Preferences" or "P3P") shall have no legal effect, are in no way binding upon us, shall not be relied upon in substitute for this Statement, and neither supersede nor modify this Statement.
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
Our Collection and Use:
At times, we may ask you to provide information about yourself or your company in order to better serve you. Subject to our use of information pertaining solely to corporation, will only use this information to support your customer relationship with us. This information may include your name, title, company, address, phone number, fax number, email address and other relevant data. We do not require this information to obtain access to any area of our Site. This information allows us to contact you should the need arise or to respond appropriately to your request for service. In addition, if you registered to receive email updates or if in the past you requested product information from us, you may receive periodic e-mails and updates about our products, new web content and special offers. You may opt-out of receiving such e-mails by clicking "unsubscribe" at the bottom of the email or emailing us at info@konikow.com Incorporated.com. However we may continue to send you information about products previously purchased or to inform you about critical technical service issues relating to our products, services or the Site.
Disclosure to Third Parties:
Generally: We will not, without your permission, give, sell or provide to others for a fee any personally identifiable information that you provide to us, except as set forth herein.
Disclosures to Affiliated Companies: We reserve the right share personally identifiable information collected from our users with our affiliated companies, who may also use it for any of the purposes set forth in this Statement.
Disclosures to Third Party Service Providers: We reserve the right disclose personally identifiable information to third party consultants, professional advisors, and contractors who perform services on our behalf (including, without limitation, website hosting, data analysis, mailing list management, hosted email, and other administrative and technical services), but we seek to limit such disclosures to the extent necessary for such third parties to perform such services. We may also combine data that we collect online with data collected offline (such as through other services offered by us or the Affiliated Companies), or with data provided by other entities.
Disclosures for Legal and Other Purposes: We reserve the right to disclose personally identifiable information concerning any user to third parties (including, without limitation, governmental entities), when we believe that user to be in violation of any published guidelines for the use of the Site, or participates or is suspected of participating in any illegal or potentially illegal activity. We also reserve the right to disclose personally identifiable information concerning any user to third parties in order to comply with applicable law; in response to civil subpoenas or discovery requests; or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is required to protect our rights, property, safety, or security, our users, or the public, and other policies, or to respond to an emergency.
Disclosures Pursuant to Transfer of Assets: In the event that we sell or otherwise transfer to a third party assets related either (a) to any Site or (b) to one or more of our businesses, divisions, or Affiliated Companies, we reserve the right to also transfer to such third party any and all information (including, without limitation, any personally identifiable information) collected through or otherwise associated with such Site and/or any business, division, or Affiliated Company. However, all personally identifiable information transferred to such third party shall be transferred subject to the usage restrictions contained in the Statement.
NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
Information Gathered for Site Statistics: We also collect non-personally identifiable information to measure number of visits, average time spent on the Site, pages viewed and other relevant statistics. We generally use this information to measure the use of our Site and to improve the content of our Site, but we may use it in aggregated form without restriction.
Information About Corporate and Other Organizational Customers: We may collect information pertaining solely to corporations, governmental or educational entities, or other business or not for profit entities, such as, for example, a company's address, telephone number, and website URL. We may use any such corporate information without restriction.
OTHER TERMS
Cookies: We do not currently use cookies on the Site, but we reserve the right to do so in the future. If we do begin to use cookies in the future, we will update this Statement to describe how we use them.
Third-Party Sites: The Site may contain "links" to other sites, and we cannot and are not responsible for maintaining your privacy once you leave our Site. Nevertheless, we attempt to only link to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy. In addition, your Internet or other service provider(s) may collect information about or submitted by you while you use the Site or other websites on the Internet, and we are not responsible for any such practices. THIS STATEMENT DOES NOT ADDRESS THE PRIVACY OR INFORMATION PRACTICES OF ANY THIRD PARTIES.
Security: Please note that other than as expressly set forth herein, we cannot guarantee the security of our or our service providers' servers or of the means by which information is transmitted between your computer and our or our service providers' servers, whether through the Site, by email, or otherwise.
Verifying or Changing Your Personally Identifiable Information: If you wish to verify or change any personally identifiable information that we've collected, or if you wish to be removed from our database, please contact us at 877-879-5076.
Questions Regarding This Statement: If you have any questions regarding this Statement, please contact us at 877-879-5076 or info@konikow.com.