https://konikow.com/pages/terms.html
Thank you for visiting the Konikow Associates Incorporated website.The material presented on our web site is intended for general informational purposes only. The information contained herein is not offered as insurance advice on any specific matter. Transmission and receipt of information contained on this web site does not create an insurance broker-client relationship between you and Konikow Associates. No user of the site should act, or refrain from acting, based on any information on this web site.All users should be aware that until they have spoken with one of representatives, e-mail communication cannot be treated as privileged or confidential and even then may require appropriate security. The act of sending electronic mail will not impose any obligation by Konikow Associates. Please do not send us confidential or sensitive information without our expressed authorization.This website is not an offer to represent any user of the site, nor is it intended to be an advertisement of our services. Konikow Associates makes no representation or warranty regarding the suitability for any purpose of the material presented on this web site, and it is not responsible for and makes no representation about the contents, completeness, or accuracy of any information provided on any other web sites that may be referenced herein or made accessible through our website.We respect the privacy of our users and our web site visitors. While we do not collect any specific personal information from our web site users, we do tract the total number of guests visiting the site, and specific areas of the site, in order to guide our efforts to improve our site. The web site host may also collect non-personal information such as the browser type and operating system being used by our visitors, the areas of the site visited, date and time of access, host or service provider information and identification of the referring site. This information is used exclusively for our internal purposes and is not disclosed to any third parties. Personal information that can identify a visitor, such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address etc. is collected only when voluntarily offered and solely used for reply / contact information for users who seek a response through the web site. All collected information is kept confidential and will not be disclosed to third parties except as may be required by law. We do not disclose user information to third parties. By using this site, you signify your consent to our on-line privacy policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to update, change, modify, add or remove portions of the policy from time to time as we deem appropriate.