https://koreanconsulting.com/privacy-site-policies/
Skip to content
Privacy & Site Policies
Home » General Information » Privacy & Site Policies
Privacy & Site PoliciesSteven Bammel2018-12-30T03:32:59+00:00
Site Usage Policy
Terms and Conditions for the Usage of the Website and Related Online Properties of Korean Consulting and Translation Service, Inc. (“KCTS”)
Welcome to KCTS. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern KCTS’s relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term “KCTS” or “us” or “we” refers to the owner of the website with mailing address at 1307 West Ridge Dr., Duncanville, TX 75116.  The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the United States of America.
We Value Your Privacy as Much as You Value It Yourself!
Your Personal Data
Any data you provide us stays with us. It will be used only to send you information about business in Korea, job quotes or other direct communication from us or to perform work you hire us to do. We will not sell, distribute, license or in any other way allow anyone outside our organization to view your information.
Confidentiality Agreements
We will be glad to sign your confidentiality agreement before viewing your materials and we will faithfully honor the confidentiality promises we make to you.
In fact, each team member has a signed confidentiality agreement on file with the company protecting the rights of current and potential clients and we maintain strict confidentiality as a routine matter of professional practice.
Subscription Removal
Anytime you request to be removed from our mailing lists, you will be removed promptly and without fuss. You can opt out of our mailings easily by clicking on the link provided at the bottom of the messages.
Contact Me for a FREE Quote on Your Mission-Critical Korean Translation Needs!
Another resource for the Korean business community from Steven S. Bammel and Korean Consulting & Translation Service, Inc.
Improve your Korean business and communicate more effectively with Koreans!
Sign up for my FREE Korean Business Tips Newsletter and get 8 FREE business reports, too!
Go to Top