https://kotibrushes.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - KOTI UK
Products
Solutions
Support
News
About KOTI
Contact
Login
Brush manufacturers in the UK
Kleeneze-Koti Brush Strip & Sealing Solutions
KOTI-Dawson
R.I.B.-KOTI Record Industrial Brushes
Login
Quick Contact
Kleeneze-Koti Brush Strip & Sealing Solutions
+44 (0)117 958 2450
sales@ksl.uk.com
KOTI-Dawson
+44 (0)113 275 9321
enquiry@dawsonbrush.co.uk
R.I.B.-KOTI Record Industrial Brushes
+44 (0)155 072 0077
info@rib-uk.co.uk
Products
Solutions
Support
News
About KOTI
Contact
Need a hand?
Ask our team
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
General
Personal data collected via this site, will only be used by Kleeneze-KOTI Ltd, KOTI-Dawson Ltd or R.I.B._KOTI Ltd for the purpose you have left them. Personal data is carefully processed and secured by us. We encourage you to read this privacy policy carefully.
How do we deal with your personal data?
We use your personal data only for the purpose for which you have left behind. That means that if you give your name and address for sending a brochure, this data cannot be used to send any other brochures or mailings, unless indicated.
Through the use of various features of this website, your data may be stored with some third-party companies. These are:
Google Analytics is the analytics service that we use to monitor website traffic and usage so that we can improve it in the future. Google’s privacy policy can be found here.
MailChimp is the mailing service that we use to manage and send to our newsletter subscribers. You can find their privacy policy here.
What is personal data?
Personal data is information that can be used to trace an individual. Examples of personal data is a name, a postal address or an e-mail address.
What are cookies?
Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer or mobile devices when you visit a website. They generally track, save and store information about your interactions with the website and are usually required for the site to run as effectively as possible. They allow us to know things like – have you been here before, what’s in your shopping basket or are you logged in, so that the site can function appropriately. They are also commonly used to analyse how visitors use the site so that we know where to make improvements.
Cookies are nothing to be afraid of and are a common part of using the modern Internet. A European Commission analysis published in February 2015 found that across Europe an average website sets 34.6 cookies – so they really aren’t uncommon.
Why do we use cookies?
We don’t use many cookies. The ones we do use are to help give you a better user experience and also help us to understand more about how the site’s being used so that we can improve it in the future. Some of them are for our benefit, such as user analytics and website usage data, and others are for your benefit, such as providing a functional basket and order placing solution.
The cookies we use
If you visit our websites to browse, read, or download information, we collect and store some “visitor information” from you, such as the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet, the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using, the date and time you access our website, and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our website. We use this information to measure the traffic on our websites and to help us make our websites more useful. We delete this information after some time.
We also use a variety of cookies that help the site function correctly. These cookies include:
WordPress cookies: WordPress is the content management system (CMS) that the site is built using. WordPress sets some cookies to manage whether you’re logged in to the site or not as well as some settings.
WooCommerce cookies: WooCommerce is the e-commerce solution that we use on the site. WooCommerce sets various cookies that keeps the e-commerce part of the site running properly, such as remembering what you have in your basket and helping with the checkout/enquiry process.
Google Analytics: Google Analytics sets cookies so that it can track how you use and move through the site. This helps to give us data about how people use the site so that we can improve it in the future.
How you can block or delete cookies
You can block or delete any cookies, although this may stop websites from functioning properly. Without cookies enabled the site won’t know what’s in your basket and so you may not be able to make purchases successfully.
All modern browsers allow you to change your cookie settings, and you can usually find these in the ‘settings’ or ‘preferences’ menu. Here are some links to help you depending what browser you are using.
Manage cookies in Internet Explorer
Manage cookies in Microsoft Edge
Manage cookies in Firefox
Manage cookies in Chrome
Manage cookies in Safari (web) and Safari (iOS).
You can visit the following sites if you would like more information about managing cookies:
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
https://www.aboutcookies.org/
How you can see the cookies that are set
Cookies aren’t invisible code that you can’t access. You can see your cookies with your own eyes via your browser.
How to view cookies
Contact form and newsletter
If you fill out the contact form on the website, or send us an e-mail, then the information that you send us is saved as long as required for the correctly handling of your request, comment or question. For this we use your e-mail address. We offer a newsletter in which we want to inform you about our products and/or services. You can choose if you which to subscribe to this newsletter. Each newsletter contains a link to unsubscribe.
Web shop
Via the web shop / price quotation system sensitive information i.e. personal data is processed. We use the following information to make a quotation: Name, company details, contact details and e-mail address.
Registration
In certain parts of our service, we may ask you to register. After registration, we save the user name you have chosen. We keep this information so you do not have to re-fill the information again. We will not provide any personal information to third parties, unless this is necessary in connection with the execution of the contract you have concluded with us, or if required by law. In case of suspected fraud or abuse of our website, we may provide your personal data to the competent authorities.
Security
We take security measures to restrict abuse and unauthorised access to personal data. We keep statistics on our website, where we can see also individual data, which you have provided us. However, only to the extent that is necessary for purposes specified in the declaration.
Changes to this Privacy policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. It is advisable to consult this policy occasionally so that you are aware of these changes.
Newsletter Sign Up
I have read and agree to the terms & conditions
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Site Search
Brush Strip and Sealing Solutions
Industrial and Technical Brushes
Power tool and finishing brushes
Products
Uncategorised
Antistatic Brushes
Brush Strip
Escalator Safetystrip
Industrial and Technical Brushes
Power Tool and Finishing Brushes
Sweeping and Cleaning Brushes
Twisted Brushes
Quick Links
My Account
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Copyright © KOTI, 2020 |
Site by Simeon Rowsell
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Ok, thank you