https://krytem.de/en/privacy-notice/
Cryogenic Systems
Toggle Navigation
About Us
Latest Information
Certifications
Job listings
Products
Cryogenic Reciprocating Pumps
Pumps for Industrial Gas Filling Systems
Process pumps
High Capacity Pumps
Pumps for Explosion Hazard Areas
Vaporisers For Cryogenic Liquids & Gas Heaters
Ambient Air Heat Exchangers
Gas Or Oil Fired Heater Units
Electric Vaporisers and Gas Heaters
Vaporisers Heated by Recovered Energy or Steam
Industrial Gas Supply Systems
Integrated High Pressure Skid Units
Cryogenic Process Technology
Cryogenic Supply Systems
Cryogenic Liquid Conditioning Devices
Process Plants
Valves for cryogenic applications
Electrically Operated Valves
Check Valves, Non-Return Valves
Manual Valves
Pneumatic Valves
Brochures
Services
Contact
Our Partners
DE
EN
Notice:
Undefined variable: wpseo in /var/www/krytem.de/wp-content/themes/wp-starter/page.php on line 18
Privacy Notice
Personal data (usually referred to just as „data“ below) will only be processed by us to the extent necessary and for the purpose of providing a functional and user-friendly website, including its contents, and the services offered there.
Per Art. 4 No. 1 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679, i.e. the General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter referred to as the „GDPR“), „processing“ refers to any operation or set of operations such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation, alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination, or otherwise making available, alignment, or combination, restriction, erasure, or destruction performed on personal data, whether by automated means or not.
The following privacy policy is intended to inform you in particular about the type, scope, purpose, duration, and legal basis for the processing of such data either under our own control or in conjunction with others. We also inform you below about the third-party components we use to optimize our website and improve the user experience which may result in said third parties also processing data they collect and control.
Our privacy policy is structured as follows:
I. Information about us as controllers of your dataII. The rights of users and data subjectsIII. Information about the data processing
I. Information about us as controllers of your data
The party responsible for this website (the „controller“) for purposes of data protection law is:
Krytem – Kryotechnische und medizinische Systeme GmbH
Hans-Böckler-Str. 1
47877 Willich
Tel: +49 2154 94070
Email: administrator[at]krytem.de
The responsible data protection officer is:
Herr Bernd Mingers
II. The rights of users and data subjects
With regard to the data processing to be described in more detail below, users and data subjects have the right
to confirmation of whether data concerning them is being processed, information about the data being processed, further information about the nature of the data processing, and copies of the data (cf. also Art. 15 GDPR);
to correct or complete incorrect or incomplete data (cf. also Art. 16 GDPR);
to the immediate deletion of data concerning them (cf. also Art. 17 DSGVO), or, alternatively, if further processing is necessary as stipulated in Art. 17 Para. 3 GDPR, to restrict said processing per Art. 18 GDPR;
to receive copies of the data concerning them and/or provided by them and to have the same transmitted to other providers/controllers (cf. also Art. 20 GDPR);
to file complaints with the supervisory authority if they believe that data concerning them is being processed by the controller in breach of data protection provisions (see also Art. 77 GDPR).
In addition, the controller is obliged to inform all recipients to whom it discloses data of any such corrections, deletions, or restrictions placed on processing the same per Art. 16, 17 Para. 1, 18 GDPR. However, this obligation does not apply if such notification is impossible or involves a disproportionate effort. Nevertheless, users have a right to information about these recipients.
Likewise, under Art. 21 GDPR, users and data subjects have the right to object to the controller’s future processing of their data pursuant to Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. In particular, an objection to data processing for the purpose of direct advertising is permissible.
III. Information about the data processing
Your data processed when using our website will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose for its storage ceases to apply, provided the deletion of the same is not in breach of any statutory storage obligations or unless otherwise stipulated below.
Server data
For technical reasons, the following data sent by your internet browser to us or to our server provider will be collected, especially to ensure a secure and stable website: These server log files record the type and version of your browser, operating system, the website from which you came (referrer URL), the webpages on our site visited, the date and time of your visit, as well as the IP address from which you visited our site.
The data thus collected will be temporarily stored, but not in association with any other of your data.
The basis for this storage is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the improvement, stability, functionality, and security of our website.
The data will be deleted within no more than seven days, unless continued storage is required for evidentiary purposes. In which case, all or part of the data will be excluded from deletion until the investigation of the relevant incident is finally resolved.
Order processing
The data you submit when ordering goods and/or services from us will have to be processed in order to fulfill your order. Please note that orders cannot be processed without providing this data.
The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
After your order has been completed, your personal data will be deleted, but only after the retention periods required by tax and commercial law.
In order to process your order, we will share your data with the shipping company responsible for delivery to the extent required to deliver your order and/or with the payment service provider to the extent required to process your payment.
The legal basis for the transfer of this data is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
Customer account/registration
If you create a customer account with us via our website, we will use the data you entered during registration (e.g. your name, your address, or your email address) exclusively for services leading up to your potential placement of an order or entering some other contractual relationship with us, to fulfill such orders or contracts, and to provide customer care (e.g. to provide you with an overview of your previous orders or to be able to offer you a wishlist function). We also store your IP address and the date and time of your registration. This data will not be transferred to third parties.
During the registration process, your consent will be obtained for this processing of your data, with reference made to this privacy policy. The data collected by us will be used exclusively to provide your customer account.
If you give your consent to this processing, Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a) GDPR is the legal basis for this processing.
If the opening of the customer account is also intended to lead to the initiation of a contractual relationship with us or to fulfill an existing contract with us, the legal basis for this processing is also Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
You may revoke your prior consent to the processing of your personal data at any time under Art. 7 Para. 3 GDPR with future effect. All you have to do is inform us that you are revoking your consent.
The data previously collected will then be deleted as soon as processing is no longer necessary. However, we must observe any retention periods required under tax and commercial law.
Credit checks and scores
If you accept any offer we make for you to pay for goods or services on account, we reserve the right to run a credit check with a credit bureau (such as Creditreform, Schufa, Bürgel, or infoscore) to obtain credit information determined on the basis of mathematical-statistical methods. For this purpose, any data you provide that is relevant to the contract, such as your name and address, will be forwarded to the credit bureau. We then use the information obtained about the statistical probability of default to decide whether we will offer you payment on account.
The legal basis for such processing is our legitimate interest to avoid default on our account per Art. 6 Para.1 lit. f) GDPR.
Contact
If you contact us via email or the contact form, the data you provide will be used for the purpose of processing your request. We must have this data in order to process and answer your inquiry; otherwise we will not be able to answer it in full or at all.
The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
Your data will be deleted once we have fully answered your inquiry and there is no further legal obligation to store your data, such as if an order or contract resulted therefrom.
Google reCAPTCHA
Our website uses Google reCAPTCHA to check and prevent automated servers („bots“) from accessing and interacting with our website. This is a service provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 (hereinafter: Google).
Through certification according to the EU-US Privacy Shield https://www.privacyshield.gov Google guarantees that it will follow the EU’s data protection regulations when processing data in the United States.
This service allows Google to determine from which website your request has been sent and from which IP address the reCAPTCHA input box has been used. In addition to your IP address, Google may collect other information necessary to provide and guarantee this service.
The legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the security of our website and in the prevention of unwanted, automated access in the form of spam or similar.
Google offers detailed information at https://policies.google.com/privacy concerning the general handling of your user data.
YouTube
We use YouTube on our website. This is a video portal operated by YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave, 94066 San Bruno, CA, USA, hereinafter referred to as „YouTube“. YouTube is a subsidiary of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter referred to as „Google“.
Through certification according to the EU-US Privacy Shield https://www.privacyshield.gov Google and its subsidiary YouTube guarantee that they will follow the EU’s data protection regulations when processing data in the United States.
We use YouTube in its advanced privacy mode to show you videos. The legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in improving the quality of our website. According to YouTube, the advanced privacy mode means that the data specified below will only be transmitted to the YouTube server if you actually start a video.
Without this mode, a connection to the YouTube server in the USA will be established as soon as you access any of our webpages on which a YouTube video is embedded.
This connection is required in order to be able to display the respective video on our website within your browser. YouTube will record and process at a minimum your IP address, the date and time the video was displayed, as well as the website you visited. In addition, a connection to the DoubleClick advertising network of Google is established.
If you are logged in to YouTube when you access our site, YouTube will assign the connection information to your YouTube account. To prevent this, you must either log out of YouTube before visiting our site or make the appropriate settings in your YouTube account.
For the purpose of functionality and analysis of usage behavior, YouTube permanently stores cookies on your device via your browser. If you do not agree to this processing, you have the option of preventing the installation of cookies by making the appropriate settings in your browser. Further details can be found in the section about cookies above.
Further information about the collection and use of data as well as your rights and protection options in Google’s privacy policy found at https://policies.google.com/privacy
Online job applications / publication of job advertisements
We offer you the opportunity to apply for jobs with our company via our website. In the case of these digital applications, we collect your application data electronically in order to process your application.
The legal basis for this processing is §26 Para. 1 S. 1 BDSG in conjunction with Art. 88 Para. 1 GDPR.
If you are hired as a result of the application process, we will store the data you provide during the application process in your personnel file for the purpose of the usual organizational and administrative process, naturally in compliance with further legal obligations.
The legal basis for this processing is §26 Para. 1 S. 1 BDSG in conjunction with Art. 88 Para. 1 GDPR.
If we do not hire you, we will automatically delete the data submitted to us two months after the final decision is made. We will not delete the data, however, if we must store the data for legal reasons such as evidence of equal treatment of applicants, until any legal action is concluded, or four months.
In this case, the legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR and §24 Para. 1 No. 2 BDSG. Our legitimate interest lies in any legal defense we may have to mount .
If you expressly consent to a longer storage of your data, e.g. for your inclusion in a database of applicants or interested parties, the data will be processed further on the basis of your consent. The legal basis is then Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a) GDPR. You may withdraw your consent at any time with future effect per Art. 7 Para. 3 GDPR with future effect.
The Model Data Protection Statement by Anwaltskanzlei Weiß & Partner was applied for the assembly of this Privacy Policy Declaration. Thank you for this excellent tool.