https://kspgroup.co.uk/privacy-policy/
01295 269 525
sales@kspgroup.co.uk
About
Testimonials
Gallery
Blog
Glossary/FAQ
Contact
KSP Group
Large Format Digital Printers, Screen Printers & Finishers. Manufacturers Of Polypropylene, Paper Over Board & PVC Welded Binders Since 1985.
Digital Printing & Finishing
Polypropylene Products
Ring Binders
Divider Sets
Printing
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us...
This privacy policy applies only to the actions of Precision Screenprint t/a KSP Group and users with respect to this website.  It does not extend to any websites that can be accessed from this website including, but not limited to, any links we may provide to social media websites.
Precision Screenprint Ltd trading as The KSP Group is committed to safeguarding your privacy. This policy explains what information we collect and how we use the personal information you supply to us.
In using our website, any of our services or providing us with any personal information we will assume you are agreeing to your information being used and disclosed in the ways described in this policy.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
You can access our website pages and browse our website without disclosing your personal data.
If you choose to register your details via our web site to receive a quote then your details will be stored in a safe way and not disclosed or sold to any third parties. We will only contact you from time to time with information that we feel may be beneficial to you or your organisation.
HOW WE MAY USE YOUR INFORMATION
We are permitted to use the information we collect about you to:
Process & deliver your order
Manage your account
Administer and protect our business and our website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting & hosting of data) – this is necessary for the security of our network, the smooth running of our IT system and to comply with any required legal obligations
WHERE YOU HAVE GIVEN CONSENT, WE MAY:
Send you information such as the occasional email about the services we offer.
We will only send you marketing information by email. If you have requested a quotation or placed an order, we may need to communicate with you by phone and/or email.
WHO WE WILL SHARE THE INFORMATION WITH?
We do not sell, rent or exchange your personal information with any third party for commercial reasons.
PROTECTING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
All information we collect about our customers is held on secure servers.
STOPPING COMMUNICATION FROM US
If you decide you no longer want us to contact you, you can request that we stop by clicking ‘unsubscribe’ or ‘update your contact preferences’ on any marketing emails
Please note: that if you unsubscribe and subsequently order goods or request information then we will still send you information to fulfil your request.
YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE DATA PROTECTION ACT
You have the right to:
Change your communication preferences at any time
Ask us to remove your personal information from our records
Update or amend the information we hold about you if it is wrong
Object to the processing of your information for marketing purposes
Request a copy of the information we hold about you
Raise a concern or complaint about the way in which your information is being used
CHANGES TO THE SECURITY AND PRIVACY POLICY
We keep our Security and Privacy Policy under regular review. This privacy policy was last updated 16 May 2018.
If we make changes to this policy, we will notify you by updating the policy on our website.
HOW WE USE COOKIES
Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit some websites. Almost all reputable sites use these to help tailor your user experience. You can disable all cookies, but these may stop our website (and most other websites) from functioning properly.
The following are not strictly necessary, but are required to provide you with the best user experience and also to tell us which pages you find most interesting (anonymously).
FUNCTIONAL COOKIES
This Website Will:
Track the pages you visit via Google Analytics
Allow you to share pages with social networks such as Facebook (If available)
This website will NOT:
Share any personal information with third parties.
KSP Group
Unit 3, Riverside, Tramway Industrial Estate,
Banbury, Oxfordshire,
OX16 5TU
View map
01295 269 525
Latest news at KSP08/07/2019: Dying trade or 5,000 year old print process that still can’t be surpassed?06/11/2018: POS Digital Print and Finishing at it’s best!!!28/08/2018: KSP Prove Commitment To ISO 9001 and ISO 14001: 201510/07/2018: Is it who you know or what you know?17/04/2018: KSP Group Complete Acquisition of Buckingham Screenprint!
Get a quote or discuss your project:
01295 269 525
sales@kspgroup.co.uk
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
LinkedIn
All content ©2020 The KSP Group and/or respective copyright owners. Site built by Wider.