https://kurtadler.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Collection and Use of Personal Information
When you place an order at Kurt S. Adler, Inc, we require you to provide us with personally identifiable information. This information provides us the specifics of who you are and can be used to identify, contact or locate you. Personally Identifiable Information may consist of: your name, address, telephone number, email address, billing information, products purchased, any relevant promotion code and information and any other information you may provide us. We use Personally Identifiable Information for internal purposes, such as confirming and tracking your order, subscription or registration, analyzing trends and statistics, informing you of our new products, services and offers. Personally Identifiable Information is compiled by us and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis.
We may contract with some third-parties to provide services including but not limited to credit card processing, distribution, data management, etc. We only provide these third parties with the information needed for them to complete these services. We also ask any third parties to confirm their security and privacy policies are consistent with ours.
When you place an order, we will establish your own Personal Account where information used in placing such order is saved. Your Personal Account is password protected from all third parties. Our database stores your billing and delivery information, and will automatically transfer it to the order form each time you place an order so that you do not have to re-enter this information when you sign in at subsequent visits
Your password will be your personal and confidential code to access your personal accounts on our sites. You may change your password as often as you would like.
Links to Other Sites
Visitors will find links from kurtadler.com to independently-owned, controlled and/or managed World Wide Web or internet sites whose content may be of possible interest to our visitors. In many cases, but not always, the links represent cooperative projects or mutual links established with the organizations connected with these sites. While we initially visit these sites to which we directly link, please note that we do not control the content that appears on these sites and such content may be constantly changing. We encourage parents or guardians to monitor their children's online use, and to help us protect their privacy by instructing them never to provide personal information without permission.
Security
Wholesalers and Retailers are able to order online with the use of a credit card, until credit terms are established. In such instances, Kurt S. Adler, Inc. uses secure server software over a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) line, the latest technology to protect your credit card information. SSL is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your credit card information so that the information from your credit card cannot be read as it travels over the Internet. In addition, all payments made on Kurtadler.com are secure, as we are PCI compliant.
Questions?
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, you may contact Kurt S. Adler, Inc. through our Contact Us link on the navigation bar.
Get a Quote for
Customer Name
Customer Email
Phone Number
Comment
Submit
To Top