http://kwreedassociates.com/cookie-policy/
Kenneth W Reed + Associates Cookie PolicyYou are here: Home / Kenneth W Reed + Associates Cookie PolicyIntroduction
This policy sets out how Kenneth W Reed + Associates comply with the new GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation).
In conjunction with our Privacy Policy, it explains how we may process, collect, manage and store personal information and how your rights under the GDPR are adhered to. Additionally, it will explain the use of cookies or software, advertising or commercial sponsorship from third parties and the download of any documents, files or software made available to you (if any) on this website.
Further explanations may be provided for specific pages or features of this website in order to help you understand how we, this website and its third parties (if any) interact with you and your computer/device. Our contact information is provided if you have any questions.
The General Data Protection Regulation
Kenneth W Reed + Associates and this website comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors.  We will regularly update this policy in line with any changes in data protection legislation.
Cookies Policy
Cookies are small files sent by web servers to web browsers and stored by the web browsers.  The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.  This enables a web server to identify and track web browsers.
The Kenneth W Reed & Associates website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website and helps us to provide a good browsing experience whilst also allowing us to improve our website.
Kenneth W Reed + Associates use the following cookies:
Essential Cookies
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website and include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical / Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and see how they move around the website when they are using it.  This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that visitors can easily find what they are looking for.
Functionality Cookies
These are used to recognise you when you return to our website.  This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies record your visits to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed.  We will use the information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests.  We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Refusing cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse or to accept cookies by using the relevant settings on your browser.  However, please note that if you refuse all cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our website.
Adverts and Sponsored Links
This website may contain sponsored links and adverts which will typically be served by our advertising partners, who may have their own detailed privacy policies.
Clicking on any such adverts will send you to the advertiser’s website through a referral program which may use cookies and will track the number of referrals sent from this website. This may include the use of cookies which may be saved on your computer’s hard drive. Users should, therefore, note they click on sponsored external links at their own risk and we cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Downloads & Media Files
Any downloadable documents, files or media made available on this website are provided to users at their own risk. While all precautions have been taken to ensure only genuine downloads are available, users are advised to verify their authenticity using third-party anti-virus software or similar applications.
We accept no responsibility for third party downloads and downloads provided by external third party websites and we advise users to verify their authenticity using third-party anti-virus software or similar applications.
Contact & Communication With Us
Users contacting third party websites through the Kenneth W Reed + Associates website do so at their own risk and should provide any such personal details requested at their own discretion.  Kenneth W Reed + Associates ensures that your personal information is kept secure and stored until such time it is no longer required or is of no use.
Where we have clearly stated and made you aware of the fact, and where you have given your express permission, we may use your details to send you products/services information through a mailing list system.
External Website Links & Third Parties
Although we only look to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised to adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout the Kenneth W Reed + Associates website.
Kenneth W Reed + Associates cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite our best efforts. Users should, therefore, note they click on external links at their own risk and Kenneth W Reed & Associates cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Contact Us
If you have any queries relating to the use of cookies on our website, please contact us at info@kwreedassociates.com.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanksScroll to top