https://labelingsolutions.com/privacy-policy/
Products
About
Support
News & Events
Contact
Products
About
Support
News & Events
Contact
We’ve got answers! We’d love
to hear from you!
Call or email today!
1-800-548-4028
Contact Us Online
We appreciate the trust you place in Labeling Solutions, Inc., and we are committed to respecting your privacy and the security of your personal information. Our privacy policy, updated on June 15, 2006, describes the information we collect and how we use it.
We always welcome your questions and feedback. For privacy-related issues,  contact us:
Labeling Solutions, Inc.
2108 W. Broadway, Unit A
S. Portland, ME 04106
Telephone: (800) 548-4028
Fax Number: (207) 871-1836
Information We Collect
We may collect information (including name, address, telephone number, email address and, when necessary, credit card information) when you:
Place an order from our Web site
Return an item
Inquire about our services
Create an account at labelingsolutions.com
Participate in a marketing survey, promotion or event
We maintain the data that you provide us, along with a record of your purchases, in a secure database.
We also gather information about how visitors navigate through our Web site by using clickstream data gathered with “cookies” and/or other online tools such as “pixel tags.” A cookie is a small data file that is stored by your Web browser on your computer. Cookies enable you to place an order on our Web site. They also allow us to enhance and personalize your online shopping experience, so that the information you receive is more relevant to you.
For example, we use cookies to:
Remember what items are in your Shopping Cart
Recognize you when you return to our Website
Enable you to use Express Checkout, if you have created an account at www.labelingsolutions.com
Study how our customers navigate through our Web site and which products they request in site searches
If you set your browser to refuse cookies, please call us at 800 548-4028 to place your order.
We also use pixel tags – tiny graphic images – to tell us what parts of our Web site you have visited or to measure the effectiveness of any searches you may do on our site. Pixel tags also enable us to send you email in a format you can read and let us know when you have opened an email message from us.
Using Information We Collect
At Labeling Solutions, Inc., we always want to provide you with the best possible shopping experience and fulfill your orders exactly as you’ve requested. In order to do this, we collect information that allows us to:
Process and track your order
Provide the services you request
Contact you about the status of an order
Send you catalogs or promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you
Identify your product and service preferences
Customize our communications to you
Provide product information concerning products you have purchased
Improve our merchandise selection and customer service
Information We Share with Others and Your Privacy Rights
We contract with other companies to provide certain services, including credit card processing and shipping. We provide these companies with only the information they need to perform their services and work closely with them to ensure that your privacy is respected and protected. These companies are prohibited by contract from using this information for their own marketing purposes or from sharing this information with anyone other than Labeling Solutions, Inc.
On rare occasions, we may disclose specific information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, or when required by law to do so. We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation. We do not provide information to these agencies or companies for marketing or commercial purposes.
How We Use Email
When you provide us your email address, we may send you emails necessary to process your order or respond to a request. For example, after you place an order at labelingsolutions.com, you will receive an email confirmation.
Links to Other Sites
Occasionally we provide links on our Web site to other sites we think will be useful. These sites operate independently of Labeling Solutions, Inc. and have established their own privacy and security policies. For the best online experience, we strongly encourage you to review these policies at any site you visit.
Updating or Reviewing Your Information
To update your customer information (name, address, telephone number and email address), please contact us at the address listed above. A limited amount of purchase information also may be available to you. To protect your privacy, we will need to validate your identity before you update or review your information.
Security
It is our intent to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you. We use a variety of current technologies and processes for protection of our customer data. We limit the information we provide to outside companies with whom we contract to only what they need to carry out their responsibilities.
When you make a purchase or create an account on our Web site, your transactional information is transmitted in a safe, encrypted format.
Safe, Secure Orders at labelingsolutions.com. Labeling Solutions, Inc. understands your concerns about online security. Because we share your concerns, we work closely with Maine Hosting Solutions to keep our site a highly secure ordering environment – so you can shop with confidence.
We guarantee that your credit card information will be safe when you place an order at labelingsolutions.com. You will never have to pay any money related to unauthorized charges to your credit card account, if those charges result from a transaction at labelingsolutions.com. Bottom line: You’re always protected when you shop our site.
Updates to this statement
We will update our privacy statement occasionally to reflect changes in our business. If we change how we use your personal information, we will post the policy change notification on the Web site. Our current statement was last updated June 15, 2006. We encourage you to review our privacy policy periodically.
Questions or Comments?
For questions, comments or assistance, we invite you to contact us.
Call Us: (800) 548-4028