http://labelplanet.co.uk/information/privacy-policy.php
Labelplanet's privacy policy | Labelplanet
Main Menu
Hide Menu
ALPHABETICAL LIST:
A4 Labels
Address Labels
Adhesive Labels
Blank Labels
Bottles and Jars Labels
CD and DVD Labels
Circular Labels
Clear Labels
Coloured Labels
Coloured Round Labels
Easy Peel Labels
Fluorescent Labels
Franking Labels
Freezer Labels
Gloss Labels
Gold Labels
High Tack Labels
Inkjet Labels
Kraft Labels
Media Labels
Mini Labels
Opaque Labels
Oval Labels
Paper Labels
Permanent Labels
Plastic Labels
Polyester Labels
Premium Paper Labels
Removable Labels
Round Labels
Self Adhesive Labels
Semi-Gloss Labels
Silver Labels
Silver Matt Polyester Labels
Silver Void Labels
Smartstamp Labels
Square Labels
Star Labels
Sticky Labels
Super Tack Labels
Tamper Evident Labels
Transparent Labels
Waterproof Laser Labels
Water Wash Off Labels
White Labels
Home
Delivery
About
Blog
Label Templates
Samples
Help
Contact
Welcome to Label Planet.
We supply blank self adhesive labels on A4 sheets.
Label Finder
Shopping Basket
FREE UK DELIVERY + VAT INCLUDED
0 Product(s) in cart
Total £0.00
Checkout
4.9Scorebased on2395
Privacy Policy
This is the privacy
policy of Label Planet Ltd. In this document, "we", "our",
or "us" refer to Label Planet Ltd.
We are company number
04937718 registered in the United Kingdom. Our registered office is at
Wilbraham House, Unit 2 Alvaston Business Park, Middlewich Road, Nantwich,
Cheshire, CW5 6PF.
Introduction
We take the protection of your privacy and
confidentiality very seriously. We understand that you are entitled to know
that your personal data will not be used for any purpose unintended by you and
will not accidentally fall into the hands of a third party. We preserve the
confidentiality of all information you provide to us and hope that you
reciprocate.
The law requires us to tell you about your
rights and our obligations to you in regards to your personal data. We do this
now, by requesting that you read the information provided at
www.knowyourprivacyrights.org.
Except as set out below, we will never share,
sell, or disclose your information to third parties.
This policy outlines the information that we
collect about or receive from you. It describes how and why we process this
information. By “process” we mean collect, store, transfer, use, or otherwise
act on information.
Our policy complies with UK law, including the
EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
The Information We Collect About Or Receive From You
We hold customer names, addresses, phone numbers, and email
addresses. We do not store payment details. We also hold information submitted via
our online sample request and contact forms, by phone, by fax, and by email.
We also collect additional information about your browsing
activity. This information is aggregated without reference to you as an
identifiable individual and is used solely to monitor the performance of our
website, for quality control, and to improve our site, products, and services.
How We Collect Or Receive Your Information
The information we hold has been supplied to us by you when you
place (or attempt to place) orders with us, request samples, submit an online
enquiry, or contact us directly by phone, fax, or email. We never obtain
personal data from any other source.
How We Use Your Information
We use your information to send you the products you have
ordered and to contact you if there is a problem with your order. We use your
order history to provide additional customer support if you call or email us.
We use emails to inform you of the progress of your order
and follow up with two emails to check that everything is satisfactory. These
emails give you the opportunity to leave a review, contact us, and to opt out
from further emails.
We also contact customers who have started to place an
order but failed to complete payment. This allows us to make you aware that
your order failed and to help you complete your order if you wish to do
so.
If there is a quality issue with, change to, or discontinuation of a
product, we may contact you to inform you of the situation and make you aware
of your options. We may also contact you, very occasionally, by letter or email
when we introduce a new product or service, which we feel may be of interest.
We share your delivery information with Royal Mail and our
carrier DPD so they can deliver your order. Some bulk orders are sent directly
from our manufacturers, which means that we will also share your delivery
information with them. Where orders are sent via DPD, we will share your email
and telephone number with them so that they can send you notification of your expected
delivery slot.
As stated above, we use anonymous
information about your browsing activity to monitor the performance of our
website, for quality control, and to improve our site, products, and services.
Our Legal Basis For Processing Your Information
We process your information under two legal bases; contract
and legitimate interests.
LEGAL BASIS: CONTRACT
The contract basis allows us to process your information in
order to fulfil a contact that we have with you or to respond to a request that
you have made as a step towards entering a contract.
When you order labels from us, this creates a contract
between you and us. We must process your information to supply you with the labels
you have ordered. When you request samples, submit an enquiry via our contact
form, or contact us directly, we need to use the information you provide to respond to that request
(e.g. by sending your samples or answering the enquiry you submitted to us).
As part of our contract with you, we will use your
information to:
Deliver your order
Provide updates about the status of your order
Provide updates about products you have ordered
Answer your enquiries, send free samples, or
provide advice about our products, services, and website
Verify your identity for security purposes
LEGAL BASIS: LEGITIMATE INTERESTS
The legitimate interests basis allows us to process your
information where we believe there is a legitimate interest to do so, where it
is necessary to process your information to fulfil that interest, and where
processing your information is balanced against your interests, rights, and
freedoms.
Very occasionally, we inform customers about problems with,
changes to, or discontinuation of products they have ordered or enquired about.
We have considered this activity carefully and feel that a maximum of two
communications (via post or email) per year is an appropriate and expected
level of communication. We believe it is in the interests of our customers to
continue with this service, and we need to process your information to deliver
these communications.
We also follow up all orders with two emails. These emails
give you the opportunity to leave us a review, contact us with any queries or
problems with your order, or to opt out of receiving future emails from us. We
share partial information about your order with our Review Provider
(Reviews.co.uk) to fulfil this process.
You have the right to opt out of all these emails at any
time using the unsubscribe link provided in each email or by emailing us at info@labelplanet.co.uk.
Other reasons we may process your information
Sometimes, we must process your information in order to
comply with a statutory obligation. For example, we may be required to give
information to legal authorities if they so request or if they have the proper
authorisation such as a search warrant or court order.
Specific Uses Of Information You Provide To Us
Information provided in reviews
When you submit a review of our products, it is on the
understanding that your comments will be displayed on our website and may be
used on future marketing materials. You can leave a review anonymously or
include a name. If you wish to withdraw your review, you can do so at any time
by sending an email to info@labelplanet.co.uk.
Information provided via our payment gateway
We do not process your payment details. At the point of
payment, you are transferred to the secure payment gateway of SagePay or PayPal
– depending on how you choose to pay. The payment gateway uses 128 Bit TLS
Secure Encryption and ensures that your information is encrypted before being
transmitted to SagePay or PayPal. They receive and process the payment details
required to verify and authorise your payment.
Information collected by our website
Cookies
These are small text files stored on your device when you
visit certain pages on our website. They help us to keep track of what you have
added to your basket and to monitor how users are interacting with our website
(so we can analyse our website performance and make improvements). You can use
your browser settings to control the type of cookies that your browser will
accept and when/if your browser deletes any cookies stored on your device.
Please note that if you disable all cookies, you may not be able to use all of
our website services.
Browsing Activity
When you use our website, we may automatically record
certain information such as your browser, device, operating system, IP
address, device location, referral site, the pages you visit, and any search
terms you enter.
This information is collected without reference to you as an
identifiable individual and is used solely to monitor the performance of our
website, for quality control, and to improve our site.
How We Protect Your Information
Where Your Information Is Stored
Your information is stored on our server and a backup is
stored on an Acronis offsite server. Some delivery address information is
stored on the servers of our manufacturers and delivery providers. Personal
information sent to us via email is stored offsite on our email server. No
personal information is stored in a printed format.
Who Has Access To Your Information
Label Planet customer service personnel and directors have
access to your information via computers in our offices. Only authorised Label
Planet employees have access to the secure office.
We do not offer an account service on our website, so you
cannot login to an account to view your information online.
Customer service personnel at our manufacturers have access
to delivery addresses for customers who place bulk orders. We supply emails and
phone numbers to DPD so they can provide you with an expected delivery
slot.
Our computer
maintenance company and our web development company have restricted and
controlled access to our systems when this is necessary for maintenance. Our
payment gateway providers have access to your payment details and our reviews
provider has access to partial details about your order. Where appropriate we
have non-disclosure agreements in place with third party companies and have
satisfied ourselves that they are compliant with current legislation.
How We Protect Your Information
All information has at least two levels of password
protection. All systems are protected by firewalls. Our website uses Transport
Layer Security (TLS) to encrypt your connection (and any information you
submit) before it is transmitted over the Internet.
We have commercial grade virus protection, which
automatically updates and we only run current versions of commercial software.
We generally keep PCs for 3 years and destroy their hard drives prior to
disposal.
All terminals and servers have at least two levels of
physical protection to prevent physical access. All access to personal information
by Label Planet staff takes place in our supervised customer service section.
No staff have laptops or any remote access to personal data.
Access To Your Own Information
You have the right to request a copy of the information that
we hold about you, in addition to requesting alterations to or deletion of your
information. To do this, contact our Customer Service Team by phone or email
a request to info@labelplanet.co.uk.
When we receive any request to access, edit, or delete
information, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before
taking any action. This is important to safeguard your information. If you want
us to delete your information, we will also make you aware of the consequences
of this action prior to any alteration or deletion. For example, this may limit
the services and level of customer support that we can provide to you.
Retention Period For Your Information
We keep your information only for as long as required:
to provide you with the goods and services you
have requested;
to provide ongoing customer support;
to comply with other laws, including the period
demanded by our tax authorities;
to support a claim or defence in court.
Conclusion
Compliance With The Law
Our privacy policy has been compiled so as to comply with
the law of every country or legal jurisdiction in which we do business. If you
think it fails to satisfy the law of your jurisdiction, we should like to hear
from you.
Updates To This Policy
We may update this privacy notice from time to time as
necessary. The terms that apply to you are those posted here on our website on
the day you use our website or contact us directly. We advise you to print a
copy for your records.
Contact Us About This Policy
Our Data Protection Officer is David Worgan; you
can contact him by phone on 01270 668076 or email info@labelplanet.co.uk with any
questions or queries relating to our Privacy
Policy or your personal data.
Label Planet is a UK label supplier specialising in labels on A4 sheets. If you are an existing customer then many thanks for coming back; please let us know if we can assist in any way, particularly if you are looking for something different. If you are a new visitor then we hope you find what you need. We are always happy to help and we can supply free samples for you to try. Our website includes free templates for you to download. We supply labels directly to individuals, companies, and organisations of all kinds in quantities of 25 sheets to 40,000 sheets.
Please see our sister website Stikins® for Name Labels and Name Tags.
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Site Map – All Labels | Customer Reviews
* Software Compatible Reference Codes
Where applicable, our products are the same size format as the Avery product references (e.g. L7163 or J8163) shown above. These product references are used because they are size formats that are found in most software packages. We list the product references along with our own Label Planet Ltd code for your easy cross referencing with the software. Avery and Avery product references are the trade marks of the Avery Dennison Group. Label Planet Ltd products are not made or endorsed by the Avery Dennison Group.
Label Planet Copyright © 2020. Label Planet Ltd is a limited company registered in England with the company number 04937718
We are also members of the FSB Membership number 1400322
* Smartstamp ® is a trademark of the Royal Mail and we acknowledge all their rights.