https://lakeviewforge.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policyadmin2020-04-05T14:18:22-04:00
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to us. Lakeview Forge Company, LLC (“us”, “we”, “our”, “Lakeview Forge Company”, “Lakeview Forge”) has developed this policy in order for you to understand our online information practices and how it applies to all information collected on the Lakeview Forge website, lakeviewforge.com. This policy does not apply to information collected by us offline or through any other means. Lakeview Forge reserves the right to change this policy without notice by posting the revised policy here.
Personally Identifiable Information (PII) you provide
When contacting us via our website, as appropriate, we may ask you to provide personally identifiable information (PII), which is any data that can be used to identify a specific individual. That information may include, without limitation, your name, email address and phone number. We will not use this information for any use other than what has been stated or intended and will retain it for as long as reasonably necessary to respond to your inquiry or provide you with information or services that you request from us.
We will use reasonable security procedures to protect your collected data from unauthorized use or alteration, and against loss or theft, but we cannot and do not guarantee the security of your data. You have the right to access, change or remove any information you have submitted to us by emailing us at info@lakeviewforge.com.
As a general policy, we use personal information for internal purposes only. We do not sell or rent information about you. We may share user data with affiliated entities, including parent companies and subsidiaries. We may disclose personal information, message data, and any other information about you, if we deem that it is reasonably necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or legal process.
Anonymous information collected automatically
This website may use cookies to track website usage and the pages visited. These and other usage statistics collected are used in aggregate form and do not contain PII. This is standard practice on many websites, but you can disable cookies in your browser.
Disclaimer and Waiver of Liability
Every effort has been made to ensure that the information provided on this website is accurate and up-to-date. Any action you take using the information you find on this website is at your own risk. Lakeview Forge assumes no responsibility for and gives no guarantees or warranties concerning the accuracy, completeness or up-to-date nature of the information provided on the website and do not accept any liability whatsoever arising from any errors or omissions.
We may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please view those the privacy policies before engaging in any business or correspondence with these websites.
Contact information
If you have questions about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, please contact us at sales@lakeviewforge.com.
This policy was last modified on January 2020.
Go to Top