https://lakefrontfutures.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
At Lakefront Futures and Options, LLC and its affiliates (‘Lakefront’), maintaining trust and confidence is a high priority. We understand that privacy is an important issue for our valued clients, as well as visitors to our websites. Whether you are a client of Lakefront Futures and Options, LLC, or a visitor browsing our websites, we want you to understand how we work to protect your privacy in the event we collect and use information about you, and the steps we take to safeguard that information.
General Information About Browsing Lakefront Futures and Options, LLC’s Websites
At Lakefront Futures and Options, LLC, no account or personal information is retrieved from Lakefront’s servers when a client or visitor browses the public (pre-logon) areas of our websites. Although Lakefront may use website data to improve the content and services offered to its website visitors, such data is reported on an aggregate, anonymous basis, and we associate no personal information with such gathering of data. Such data may include: how many people visit our websites; the pages they visit; how long they stay on our websites; and the domain name of the site visitors connect from (e.g., google.com).
A Word About Cookies
Cookies are small text files that a website transfers to your hard drive or browser to help you move faster through that particular website, or for tracking your website usage. Lakefront does not use cookies to gather personal information such as a person’s name or email address. We do, however, use cookies to identify repeat visitors to our websites, to determine the path visitors take to our websites, and to identify visitors who came to Lakefront’s websites as a result of a banner ad on a third party website. Please be assured that any information we gather by the use of a cookie is compiled on an aggregate, anonymous basis. Although your browser might allow you to ‘reject’ cookies, we require that you accept all cookies in order for our websites’ features and security mechanisms to function fully.
Third parties might also create cookies when you access their sites through links posted on our sites. We do not have access to these cookies or any information that these cookies may contain. Please contact the third party site for more information on their policies regarding cookies. Although we expect third parties to adhere to our privacy policies and terms and conditions of use, we are not responsible for the actions or policies of such third parties.
Lakefront ‘s Security Technology
Whether you are a Lakefront client or a visitor browsing our websites, and you submit information in one of our online forms, please note that we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology to protect the information you submit. This technology protects you from having your information intercepted by anyone other than Lakefront while it is being transmitted to us. We work hard to ensure that our websites are secure and that they meet industry standards. In addition to encryption technology, we use other safeguards such as firewalls, authentication systems (e.g., passwords and personal identification numbers) and access control mechanisms to control unauthorized access to systems and data.
A Word About Hyperlinks
Lakefront’s websites may contain hyperlinks or ‘links’ to other sites, and other sites may ‘link’ to our sites. Websites linking to and from our sites may have privacy practices different from Lakefront’s. This Website Privacy Statement applies solely to information collected by our websites. Lakefront Futures and Options, LLC is not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of sites you link to, and we have no control over the use or protection of information provided by you or collected by those sites. If you elect to link to a co-branded website or to a linked website, you may be asked to provide registration or other information. Please note that the information you are providing is going to a third party, and you should familiarize yourself with the privacy policy provided by that third party.
Nonpublic Personal Information
In the event visitors provide Lakefront with nonpublic personal information about themselves (e.g., name, address, phone number, email address) for the purpose of receiving information about our products and services, or if you are a Lakefront client and we obtain from you or from other sources nonpublic personal information about you in the course of providing you with our products and services, the following are the steps we take to safeguard such nonpublic personal information (‘Personal Information’).
Security Procedures:
Lakefront restricts access to Personal Information about you to:
Those of our employees and affiliates who need to know that information in order to provide the products and services you receive from us.
Those unaffiliated brokers who have introduced you to us (‘Introducing Brokers’), commodity trading advisors you have authorized to enter into transactions on your behalf, and, if directed by those commodity trading advisors, entities which provide administrative services to those commodity trading advisors.
Those unaffiliated third parties whose access to such information is permitted or required by law and who need to know that information in order to assist us in providing you with the products and services you receive from us.
Those unaffiliated third parties whose access to such information is necessary in order for Lakefront to engage in joint marketing efforts with such unaffiliated third parties.
To protect the security of Personal Information, we maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards for guarding the information we collect about you (see LAKEFRONT’S SECURITY TECHNOLOGY, above).
Information We Collect:
In providing you with financial products and services, or information about such services, Lakefront may collect the following types of Personal Information:
Information we receive from your Introducing Broker (if applicable) or from you on account applications, whether written or electronic, or on other forms (including on-line forms). This information would include your name, address, social security number, income, investment experience, and so forth.
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others. This information could include your trading through us, our affiliates and others, your history of meeting margin calls, and your use of the various products and services that we and our affiliates provide.
Information about your creditworthiness, credit history, and other information about you that we receive from consumer reporting agencies, our affiliates, your Introducing Broker (if applicable), or providers of other demographic information, such as your purchasing or investment preferences.
Information about you obtained in connection with our efforts to protect against fraud or unauthorized use of your account(s) with us.
Information We Disclose:
Lakefront may disclose to unaffiliated third parties with which Lakefront is engaged in a joint marketing arrangement Personal Information such as:
Information we receive from your Introducing Broker or from you on account applications, whether written or electronic, or on other forms. This information would include your name, address, social security number, income, investment experience, and so forth.
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others. This information could include your trading through us, our affiliates and others, your history of meeting margin calls, and your use of the various products and services that we and our affiliates provide.
Categories of Parties to Which We May Disclose:
Lakefront Futures and Options, LLC may disclose the types of Personal Information listed above (see INFORMATION WE COLLECT) to the following types of third parties:
Companies that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other financial institutions with which we have joint marketing agreements to sell Lakefront products or services.
Financial service providers, such as introducing brokers, broker-dealers, futures commission merchants, investment companies, investment advisers, commodity trading advisors and entities which provide administrative services to commodity trading advisors, and commodity pool operators.
Publishers and other direct marketers of products related to the financial services industry, such as newsletter or book publishers and software or trading system developers.
We may also disclose Personal Information to other nonaffiliated third parties as permitted or required by law, such as in response to a subpoena or legal process or in order to complete a transaction which you initiated and authorized.
Website Privacy Statement Updates:
Lakefront may, from time to time, make changes to this Website Privacy Statement. We recommend that frequent visitors to our websites reread this Website Privacy Statement periodically to learn of any updates and changes we have made to this Statement. Should you become a Lakefront client by obtaining a user ID and password and completing new account forms on-line, we will notify you of any changes we make to this Statement in the following manner. The first time you log on one of our websites after we have modified our Website Privacy Statement, we will require you to click-through our revised Statement. You will not be able to access your account information or place an order until you agree to the terms of the revised Statement.
Right to Opt Out of Information Sharing:
If you prefer that we not disclose your Personal Information to unaffiliated third parties, you may opt out of those disclosures. That is, you may direct us not to make those disclosures (other than disclosures permitted or required by law). You, however, may not opt out of Personal Information disclosed about you to your Introducing Broker (if applicable), or any service provider necessary to effect or process any transaction in your account(s) with us (if applicable). If you wish to opt out of disclosure to nonaffiliated third parties, you may visit http://www.lakefrontfutures.com stating that you wish to opt out of all information sharing of your Personal Information.
Joint Account/Partnership Procedures:
If you have a Lakefront account, and your account(s) with us is for joint tenants with rights of survivorship, tenants in common, or a general partnership, any one party to the account may elect to opt out for the account. That opt out election will bind all parties to the account.
Online Services:
To better serve you, our products and services are described, and in many cases, available through our website: http://www.lakefrontfutures.com and so on. When accessing our websites, please read the Privacy Statement that appears there. Our website Privacy Statement provides important information relating to your use of the website, including information regarding our use of ‘cookies’ and the types of information we collect when you access one of our websites.
If you register for our online products or services, we retain your user ID and password and other information about your use of our websites in order that we may recognize you as a registered user. We may obtain your email address from you or from another source. We may send you email offers for our and our affiliates’ products and services. We may also send you emails for third party products and services we think may be of interest to you. All email offers we send to you include an opportunity to opt out from future email offers.
If you opt out from receiving email offers, we may still send (via email or otherwise) important information about your account(s) with us (if applicable) and our products and services.
Rev. 01/12
BACK TO TOP
Get Access to Lakefront Insider – It’s FREE!
Register for Lakefront Insider
312-347-3888
Open Account
Live Chat Online
Our website uses cookies to improve the performance of our site, to analyze the traffic to our site, and to personalize your experience of the site. You can control cookies through your browser settings. Please find more information on the cookies used on our site in our Privacy Policy. By clicking OK, you agree to allow us to collect information through cookies.OkPrivacy policy