https://lamarcosystems.com/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyPrivacy Statement
Lamarco Systems, Inc appreciates your interest in its products and your visit to this website.
Lamarco Systems, Inc respects your Privacy
The protection of your privacy in the processing of your personal data is an important concern to which we pay special attention during our business processes. Personal data collected during visits to our web sites are processed by us confidentially and in accordance with applicable law. Data protection and information security are part of our company policy. Lamarco’s web site may include links to other web sites. If you are linked to a third-party web site, a new window will be opened. Lamarco Systems does not assume any liability for the performance, quality accuracy, timeliness, reliability or any other aspect of products or services on these web sites. Lamarco Systems is neither responsible for third party legal or privacy policies, nor for their processing of same.
Collection and Processing of Personal Data
Personal data is only stored if volunteered by you. For example, in context of a registration, survey, service request, emergency call list update.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Data and Purpose Specification
Lamarco Systems will use your personal data for the sole purpose of technical administration of the web site, customer administration, only to the extent necessary in each specific case. Your individual, identifiable, personal data will not be disclosed to third parties outside Lamarco Systems without your consent.
Security
While Lamarco Systems uses security measures in order to protect the data we have under our control against manipulation, loss, destruction, access by unauthorized persons or against unauthorized disclosure, and while our security procedures are continually enhanced as new technology becomes available, we cannot guarantee that personally identifiable information which you submit on the site will be secure.
Freedom of choice
We would like to use your data to inform you about our products and services and request your opinion, where applicable. Naturally, your participation in such campaigns is voluntary. Should you not consent, you can inform us at any time, so that we can prohibit the use of your data accordingly.
Contact
For information, helpful suggestions and complaints regarding processing of your personal data, you can contact us at any time. Should there be data incorrect in spite of our efforts to achieve accuracy and timeliness, we will correct that information at your request.
xDRequest Free Consultatione EditContact Person *First NameLast NameEmailPhone NumberCompany NameNotes
Submit