https://laminarflowsystems.com/privacy-policy/
Call us:
(386) 253-8833
Facebook
Google
Facebook
Google
My account
Cart
Checkout
0 Items
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY – COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
This site is owned and operated by Laminar Flow Systems, Inc. (herein referred to as Laminar Flow Systems). Your privacy is of the utmost importance to us.
Because we gather certain types of information about our customers and users of our website, we feel you should fully understand our policy and the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
Laminar Flow Systems works with its sister company, Power Flow Systems, Inc. which acts as sales, manufacturing and technical support for Laminar Flow Systems. Customer information may be shared between these two companies as they are stored in common databases.  We will not share information about individual users with a third party, except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
Laminar Flow Systems gathers two types of information about users:
Customer specific information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions. This can include e-mail addresses, aircraft registration information, phone number, address, and aircraft make and model.
Information Laminar Flow Systems gathers through aggregated tracking information derived from cookies on our website. This information allows us to better tailor our content to readers’ needs and to help our advertising partners (such as Google) better understand the demographics of our audience. This information is not correlated to individual users.
OPTIONAL VOLUNTARY INFORMATION GATHERED & USAGE OF
Laminar Flow Systems uses information voluntarily given by our users to enhance their experience in our network of sites and in marketing campaigns, whether to provide interactive or personalized elements on the sites, to provide relevant sales offers, or to better prepare future website content based on the interests of our users. This is collected and utilized in the following ways:
Electronic newsletters policy (Dispatches)
We offer a free electronic newsletter to users. Laminar Flow Systems gathers the email addresses of users who voluntarily subscribe. Users may remove themselves from this mailing list by following the link provided at the bottom of every newsletter that points users to the subscription management page.
Surveys
Laminar Flow Systems may occasionally conduct user surveys to better target our content to our audience. We may use or publish the aggregate data but we will never share any of this information about specific individuals with any other third party.
Contact forms:
Can be verbal, entered on the website by the user, or given to us voluntarily at an event that we are present at (such as an airshow or other expo).
We retain the information given in the initial request. Anyone may request to no longer receive marketing contact from us. If you are or have been a customer, we will retain purchase information as per FAA requirements in order to be able to contact you in the future with any necessary information.
Telephone contact:
Laminar Flow Systems may contact you by telephone for the purposes of order confirmation, payment confirmation, notification of order shipping, technical support,  or marketing purposes. Anyone may request to not be contacted for marketing purposes.
In the case of Laminar Flow Systems customers who have made a purchase from us, we retain information such as your name, address, aircraft information, email address, and phone number for the purposes of required FAA record keeping, and order history so that we can track parts sold or technical support that has been requested. Any payment information, including credit card information, is stored in accordance with PCI compliance standards. It is stored for the purposes of: paying balances of approved sales per the invoice, issuing refunds, and as a method of payment of additional customer approved invoices.
USAGE TRACKING
Laminar Flow Systems tracks and catalogs the search terms that users enter in our search function, but this tracking is never associated with individual users. We use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don’t like based on traffic to those areas. This helps us continue to build a better service for you.
COOKIES
We may place a text file called a “cookie” in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain personal information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Laminar Flow Systems uses cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above). You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you’ve set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site. However, you do need cookies to participate actively in message boards, forums, polling and surveys.
CHILDREN
Consistent with the Federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent.
SECURITY
Laminar Flow Systems operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers.
OPT-OUT POLICY
We give users options wherever necessary and practical. Such choices include:
Opting not to register to receive our electronic newsletters or to unsubscribe at any time from our emails by clicking on the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of each email.
Opting not to participate in certain interactive areas, which completely alleviates the need to gather any personally identifiable information from our users.
YOUR CONSENT
By using this site or voluntarily providing information to Laminar Flow Systems, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Laminar Flow Systems. Any changes to our privacy policy, will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Buy 3+ Items & Get 10% Off Your Purchase!