https://landrykling.com/about-landry-and-kling-group-cruise-services/privacy-policy/
Home > About Us > Privacy Policy This is the web site of Landry & Kling, Global Cruise Events Mailing address:  1390 S. Dixie Hwy, Suite 1207, Coral Gables, FL 33146 E- Mail Contact:  inquiry@landrykling.com, Telephone Contact: 305 661 1880.Landry & Kling is committed to respecting your privacy and recognizes your need for appropriate protection and management of your personally identifiable information (such as name, address, and telephone number.)Once you provide personally identifiable information to us it will only be used to support your customer relationship with us. We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.In general, you can visit landrykling.com, or any of our other Web domains, without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself.We collect the domain name of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages are accessed or visited, information volunteered by visitors, such as survey information and/or site registrations.The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to notify visitors about updates to our Web site, and used by us to contact visitors for marketing purposes.To protect your privacy, we have adopted the following principles:InformationThis information about our privacy policy is provided to assure you that we take reasonable steps to see that it is followed at Landry & Kling.ChoiceBefore collecting personal information from you we will both inform you and state our intended purpose. You will have the option not to provide the information, and will be able to “opt out” of certain uses. If you choose to “opt out,” you can still visit most of Landry & Kling’s website, but you may be unable to access certain options, tools, offers, and services.AccuracyWe are committed to and support the preservation of individual privacy rights on the Internet. Personal data privacy is an evolving area and Landry & Kling is makes all attempts to meet these demands. Mistakes are possible; miscommunication is possible.SecurityLandry & Kling is committed to protecting the security of your information. We will take appropriate steps to protect the information you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure. We will not sell, rent, lease or provide your personally identifiable information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law. Your information will remain confidential.CookiesSome of our Web pages utilize “cookies” so that we can better serve you with more tailored information when you return to our site. Cookies are identifiers, which a website can send to your browser to keep on your computer to facilitate your next visit to our site. You can set your browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. The information we collect and analyze is used to improve our service to you.CommitmentFrom time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our practices change we will use only data collected after the policy change for the new purposes.If you have any comments or questions regarding our privacy policy; or do not want to receive e-mails or direct-mail from us in the future, please contact us by e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above address.Thank you for visiting our website and your support of Landry & Kling.