http://landwide.com.au/site-terms-conditions
Menu
PRODUCTSIridiumInmarsatSolaraVsatHIREAIRTIME RATESAccessoriesIridiumInmarsatAboutContact
Rental Quotes
Landwide Satellite Solutions > Site Terms & Conditions
Site Terms & Conditions
Site Terms & Conditions
About UsDealer and Agent OpportunitiesMission StatementPrivacy StatementSite Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions
1. The information provided on this Landwide Satellite Solutions web site has been compiled for your convenience. Landwide makes no warranties about the accuracy or completeness of any information contained on this web site.
2. Landwide, including its directors, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, contractors, successors and assigns, will not accept any liability for any loss, damage or other injury resulting from its use.
3. Links to other web sites are provided for your convenience and Landwide is not responsible for the information contained on those web sites. The provision of a link to another web site does not constitute an endorsement or approval of that web site, or any products or services offered on that web site, by Landwide. Landwide will not accept any liability for the use of those links to connect to web sites that are not under our control.
4. Landwide, its directors, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, contractors, successors and assigns do not accept any liability:
for any investment decisions made on the basis of this information. This web site does not constitute financial advice and should not be taken as such. Landwide urges you to obtain professional advice before proceeding with any investment.
for any damages or losses whatsoever, arising out of, or in any way related to, the use of this site and any other site linked to this site.
5. The limitation on liability contained in paragraph 4 applies to direct, indirect, consequential, special, punitive or other damages that you or others may suffer, as well as damages for loss of profit, business interruption or the loss of data or information.
6. Nothing in this web site constitutes or is intended to constitute an offer of, or an invitation to purchase or subscribe for, securities.
Landwide holds the copyright to this web site. Landwide grants you a limited licence to download this web site for personal use only. You are not permitted to reproduce or alter this web site, or any copy of it, for any other purpose without the prior express written consent of Landwide.
7. Landwide regards your privacy as important and will take all reasonable steps to ensure that if you have subscribed to receive notification of web site updates; your e-mail address will remain confidential.
8. Landwide reserves the right to make changes, modifications, additions, deletions and corrections to the web site, at any time and without notice.
Financial Disclaimer
Landwide does not accept any liability for any investment decisions made on the basis of this information. This web site does not constitute financial advice and should not be taken as such. Landwide urges you to obtain professional advice before proceeding with any investment.
External Link Disclaimer
Any links have been provided for your convenience. Web sites which you are transferred to are not controlled by Landwide and Landwide is not responsible, and does not accept any liability, for the information contained on those web sites. The provision of a link does not constitute an endorsement or approval of that web site or any products or services on that web site.
Inmarsat Bgan Rental
Explorer 500 Bgan Hire From $13.15 per Day! *Next Day Del
More
Iridium Simcard Hire
Rent an Iridium Simcard on a month to month basis $75 pm
More
Satellite Phone
Satellite Phone Rental from $6.58 per day *Del overnight
More
Solara Field Tracker Hire
An excellent OH&S solution for lone or remote workers
More
Click Here For Company Informaton
Landwide Satellite Solutions – The number 1 for satellite phone sales, hire & rentals including mobile vsat trailer solutions in Australia
At Landwide Satellite Solutions we specialise in the hire of remote area communications including hi end mobile vsat trailer
solution.
We offer a variety of satellite phone options to suit a range of needs, and our satellite phones are available for short term or long term hire, or for sale.
One of the largest satellite communications companies Australia has to offer, our aim is to bring you a no fuss service when it comes to satellite phone hire and purchasing. We want to deliver the best service possible when it comes to sat phone hire or purchasing, giving you the best service and reception when out in the remote or rural areas of Australia.
Experience the best when it comes to remote area communications with Landwide
Don’t let distance or a remote location stop you from being contactable. At Landwide Satellite Solutions, we make the process of satellite phone rental and hire an easy one. Whether you need to be in touch with friends or loved ones or have to contact those that are back at the office, satellite telephone hire from Landwide Solutions can help.
Our range of iridium phones and isatphone pro products are an excellent way to connect to the BGAN network, making our rental satellite phone options the ideal choice for those that need to live or work in areas that are outside the mobile phone network. Whether you’re looking for a satellite phone from the iridium range, such as the iridium 9575 or the iridium 9555, a Tracstar mvs1200 or a complete mobile vsat trailer
solution, Landwide Satellite Solutions can help.
As satphone technology changes and evolves, we are continually improving the options offered for our satellite phone rentals. Our focus is on finding the best solutions for all your communication needs, so that you get the most out of your satellite communication hire or purchase. From voice calls and SMS through to broadband connectivity, we are the place to go for your communication needs.
Buy or rent a satellite phone solution from Landwide Satellite Solutions and know that you have the best when it comes to communications technology.