https://languageiseverything.com/index.php/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy
Policy
Language is Everything Ltd takes the privacy of visitors to our website very seriously, we comply with all data protection legislation relevant in the UK.
Privacy Policy2020-08-20T12:54:22+01:00
Who we are
Language is Everything Ltd. First Floor, 65 Castle Street, Hull. HU1 1SD 01482 971600
Who is our Data Protection Officer?
Carolyn Johnson. CEO Language is Everything Ltd.
What information do we collect?
You have an option on our contact page to submit personal information to Language is Everything Ltd so that that we are able to send you further information or contact you with regards to an inquiry.
Information we collect includes:
Questions, messages or other information you submit, including your email address if you contact us via this website.
How do we use your data?
To contact you about, or supply you with, a quote for a translation, an interpreting request or other enquiry submitted via this website.
By submitting your personal information through this website, you shall be consenting to it being processed by Language is Everything Ltd.
We do not transfer your data to servers outside of the EEA.
Sharing information
We will not share your information unless we are required to do so by law.
Cookie Policy
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site. You can visit http://www.aboutcookies.org for further information about cookies.
Cookies used on this site.
First Party Cookies
These are cookies that are placed by this website.
A first party cookie refers to a cookie created by the domain that a web user is visiting. When you visit languageiseverything.com from your web browser, that browser sends a web request, a process which entails a high level of trust that you are directly interacting with languageiseverything.com. The web browser subsequently saves this data file to your computer under the languageiseverything.com domain.
First party cookies are enabled by default in all web browsers.
Other websites
This website may contain links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website. Language is Everything Ltd is not responsible for privacy policies of other websites please read the privacy policies on those sites.
How long we retain your data
Up to 12 months.
What rights you have over your data
As a data subject, you have the following rights, which you can enforce by contacting GDPR Officer at Language is everything Ltd.
The right to access
You have the right to obtain confirmation that your data is being processed and a right to obtain access to your personal data. Language is Everything Ltd will provide this information within 1 month of receiving your completed Data Subject Access Request form.
You can request this information from the Data Protection Officer whom will provide you with our Data Subject Access Request form.
The right to rectification
You have the right to have your personal data rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to restrict processing
The right to erasure (right to be forgotten)
You have the right to request deletion of your personal data when there is no reason for its continued processing.
The right to data portability
Data portability allows you the right to obtain and reuse your personal data for your own purpose across different services. It allows you to move, copy or transfer your personal data easily from one IT environment to another in a safe and secure way, without hindrance to usability.
This right only applies to personal data that you have provided to Language is Everything Ltd.
The right to withdraw consent
If we are processing personal data based on having given your consent you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
The right to complain to a supervisory authority
You have the right to submit a complaint to the Information Commissioners Office.
Information Commissioners Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
This Data Protection Policy was approved and updated March 2020
This website uses cookies.
Ok
Go to Top