https://langallancpa.com/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
This statement covers the privacy and information security policies of Lang Allan & Company CPAs PC related to its clients, customers and consumers, as well as its website.
Commitment to Privacy
Lang Allan & Company CPAs PC is committed to maintaining the privacy of information related to its clients, customers and consumers that it collects and maintains as a result of its business practices.
Privacy and Security Related to Client and Customer Information
Parties to Whom Lang Allan & Company CPAs PC Discloses Information. For current and former clients, Lang Allan & Company CPAs PC does not disclose any personal information obtained in the course of our practice except as required or permitted by law. Permitted disclosures include, for instance, providing information to our employees, and in limited situations, to third parties who need to know that information to assist us in providing services to you, or for the purposes of collecting past due account balances. In all such situations, Lang Allan & Company CPAs PC stresses the confidential nature of information being shared.
Types of Nonpublic Personal Information Lang Allan & Company CPAs PC Collects. Lang Allan & Company CPAs PC collects nonpublic personal information about you that is provided to us by you or obtained by us with your authorization.
Protecting the Confidentiality and Security of Current and Former Clients’ Information. Lang Allan & Company CPAs PC retains records relating to professional services that we provide so that we are better able to assist you with your professional needs and, in some cases, to comply with professional guidelines. To guard your personal information, Lang Allan & Company CPAs PC maintains physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with our professional standards.
Contact Information for Consumers
If you believe that your information has been compromised in any way and would like additional information regarding Lang Allan & Company CPAs PC’s privacy practices or policies, please contact:
Lang Allan & Company, CPAs PC
6130 Greenwood Plaza Blvd, Ste 130
Greenwood Village, CO 80111
Attn: Privacy Officer
Privacy and Security Information Related to Our Website
Collection of Personal Information
In various sections of the site, such as tax organizers, registration forms, surveys, etc. we may request you enter personal information, such as name, e-mail, postal address, demographic information such as zip code, age or income level, as well as other personal financial information. Lang Allan & Company CPAs PC will not sell, distribute or disclose your personally identifiable information collected to any third parties (except as may be required by subpoena, search warrant or for other legal process, including collection of past due account balances).
Contact information collected is used to send information to you about Lang Allan & Company CPAs PC at your request. This information may also be used to communicate directly with you when necessary. Demographic and profile data are also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitors’ experience while at our site by showing them content they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Visitors may opt-out of receiving future communications or change information provided. See the Data Deletion/Modification/Opt-Out section below.
Cookies
In various sections of the site we may request that you enter personal information such as name, email, postal address and demographic information (such as zip code, age, income level as well as other personal financial information.) Lang Allan & Company CPAs PC will not sell, distribute or disclose your personal information to any third parties (except as may be required by subpoena, search warrant or other legal process).
Contact information collected is used to send information to you about Lang Allan & Company CPAs PC at your request. This information may also be used to communicate directly with you when necessary. Demographic and profile data are also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitors’ experience while at our site by showing them content they might be interested in, and by displaying the content accounting to their preferences.
Visitors may opt-out of receiving future communications or change information provided. See the Data Deletion/ Modification/Opt-Out section below.
Information Automatically Logged
Lang Allan & Company CPAs PC logs your Internet Protocol (IP) address to help Lang Allan & Company CPAs PC diagnose problems with our server and to administer our web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information. Lang Allan & Company CPAs PC does not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information.
External Links
Links on this site may lead to servers maintained by individuals or organizations other than Lang Allan & Company CPAs PC. Lang Allan & Company CPAs PC makes no representation or warranty regarding the accuracy, timeliness, suitability or any other aspect of the information located on such servers. Lang Allan & Company CPAs PC encourages visitors to review each site’s privacy policy before disclosing any personally identifiable information.
Privacy and Children
Lang Allan & Company CPAs PC does not intentionally target or solicit to children age 17 and younger.
Data Deletion/Modification/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and to request information previously provided to be deleted and/or modified.
You can send e-mail to info@langallancpa.com specifying the change you want to make.
You can mail your change request to the following postal address:
Lang Allan & Company, CPAs PC
6130 Greenwood Plaza Blvd, Ste 130
Greenwood Village, CO 80111
Attn: Privacy Officer
You can contact us by telephone at 303-792-9445.
Contact Regarding the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you can contact: info@langallancpa.com
Changes to This Privacy Statement
We may modify, alter, or update this privacy statement at any time, so we encourage you to review this statement regularly. We will not provide individual notice to you of changes to this privacy statement, but the date of the most recent revision will be stated in the statement.
Search
Search for:
Blog CategoriesBlog Categories
Select Category
Accounting
Attest
Blog
Construction
COVID
Estate Planning
Family Office
Manufacturing
Payroll
Professional Services
Real Estate
Small business
Tax
Recent Posts
Overwhelmed by Financial Duties?
Filing Responsibilities With Income or Loss From Business
What Are the Rules on Hazard Pay?
Disaster Relief Payments: A Simple Way To Help Employees
IRS Updates Form 941 To Reflect COVID-19 Tax Credits