http://langland.co.uk/privacy-policy
HomeAboutWorkDisciplinesReelContactCareersPrivacy PolicyLANGLAND / A Publicis Health Company ©2020 HomeAboutWorkDisciplinesReelContactLANGLAND / A Publicis Health Company ©2020CareersPrivacy Policy Top©2020 LANGLAND All rights reserved.Privacy PolicyHere we have a full explanation of how we handle your privacy and data, including a full list of other organisations we may share your data with.
Most importantly, if you'd like to know more or have any questions we may not have answered, please email us on data@langland.co.ukPrivacy Notice for Publicislangland.comIntroductionThis website provides information about Langland's activities, services and contact information. This Privacy Notice sets out how we use and protect any information we collect through this Website.This Privacy Notice (the "Notice") and this Cookie Notice are intended to provide you with information about how Langland Advertising, Design and Marketing, a trading division of Publicis Healthcare Communications Group Ltd (the "Langland"), uses and protects your Personal Data collected through the website www.publicislangland.com (the "Website").If you have any questions about Langland’s collection of your data please contact the Publicis Chief Data Privacy Officer on privacyofficer@publicisgroupe.com.
Any data collected through the Website, including Personal Data, will only be used to provide you with the service or answer your queries. Once collected, Personal Data will not be used for a different incompatible purpose without your consent. Langland Advertising, Design and Marketing, a trading division of Publicis Healthcare Communications Group Ltd registered at 21 Television Centre, 101 Wood Lane, London, W12 7FR is regarded as the Data Controller of this Website.We take the protection of data privacy very seriously. All Personal Data collected through the Website will be treated as strictly confidential and will only be used as set out in this Privacy Notice. We always aim to comply with all applicable data protection laws.Therefore, please read this Privacy Notice thoroughly. If you disagree with the way Personal Data will be used, please do not use the Website or provide your Personal Data through the Website.We may include links on the Website to other websites including social media platforms. This Privacy Notice only covers how we use Personal Data and does not cover these other websites.
We encourage you to read the privacy notices available on other websites you visit.I. Purpose(s) of data collectionThe main purposes of collecting Personal Data through the Website is to be able to answer your queries promptly and efficiently and to provide you with the requested services. Additionally, individuals who voluntarily register on our mailing list, receive regular news, offers and content about Langland.Separately we collect data (including Personal Data) for website security and maintenance purposes but use aggregated and statistical data as much as possible.Reply to the requests sent to us via our Website's contact form;Establish statistics on the Website's frequentation in order to improve its performance and its services;Carry out the Website's maintenance and preserve the Website's security. However, please note that we use statistical data as much as possible.Finally, we could use browsing data to establish audience measurement statistics that will be used to improve our Website and services.II. What Personal Data do we collect and process?Personal Data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (i.e. living individual).
We collect the following Personal Data through the Website:1. Your Personal Information
When using the contact form: We collect some information about you such as your first name, last name, company (if relevant), e-mail address and the content of the message(s) and/or questions you send to us.2. Browsing Information
We additionally collect limited Personal Data connected with your use of the Website e.g. IP address, browser type, OS, websites you visit before and after the Website. For more information, please refer to the Cookie notice below.3. When you navigate on our Website: Information related to your navigation, the frequentation of the Website's pages, as described in the Cookie Notice below.III. What legal ground(s) do we rely on?The use of the personal data collected via the on-line contact form are necessary in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a potential contract. For this processing, Langland relies on your consent.The use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes is based on your consent, or where this is relevant, Langland's legitimate interest. Where consent is required under applicable law to contact you, Langland will provide you with a mechanism so you are able to express or not your consent. In any case, you have the right to object at any time to the use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes. Please refer below to section VI in order to obtain additional information on the way to exercise your right.You can send us a request in order to obtain additional information on the balancing tests we have performed to ensure we were able to process your personal data basing ourselves on the legitimate interest.However, the fields marked with an asterisk on the contact form are mandatory so that we can process and respond to your request. If you do not provide this Personal Data, Langland will not be able to process and respond to your request.IV. With whom do we share Personal Data?We will share your Personal Data with the Business Leads and team members in the department you requested to contact in the UK. The global team may also be receiving your Personal Data to manage our global business processes and practices and/or to include your business contact in our centralized database.We will not disclose your Personal Data to anyone else under any circumstances except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Notice, to successors in title to our business, to establish, exercise or defend our rights, or where required by law.If the service of third parties for technical maintenance, administration or processing of the Personal Data is necessary, these third parties will only have access to the Personal Data insofar it is needed to ensure a smooth and secure technical processing of our Website, and the provision of answers to requests made via the contact form. In every case, such access to your Personal Data will only be made in accordance with the applicable law, including Data confidentiality, privacy and security obligations.V. Your rights on your Personal DataIn accordance with applicable laws, you may exercise the following rights with respect to the Personal Data we hold about you:Right of access to your Personal DataRight to rectify your Personal DataRight to the deletion of your Personal DataRight to object to the processing of your Personal DataRight to limit the processing of your Personal DataRight to portability of your Personal DataRight to withdraw consent at any time to the processing of Data carried out on the basis of such consentRight to give instructions on the fate of your Data after your deathPlease contact us at the following address privacyofficer@publicisgroupe.com, if you wish to exercise any of the rights mentioned above.If you feel that we are not complying with this Policy, if you are not satisfied with the way we have dealt with your request or if your request has been refused, you may also file a formal complaint with your competent authority for the protection of Personal Data. The competent data protection authority can be identified at the following: http://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/item-detail.cfm?item_id=612080. However, we invite you to contact our Data Protection Officer at privacyofficer@publicisgroupe.com before filing a complaint with the Data Protection Authority.We store your Personal Data in accordance with the applicable legal requirements for data retention and our internal policies. The data retention will vary depending on the type of data and the purposes of processing. Your data will generally be retained for the duration of our relationship and may be retained for an additional period if required by applicable law. VI. Data SecurityWe use a variety of methods, such as firewalls, intrusion detection software and manual security procedures, to secure your data against loss or damage and to help protect the accuracy and security of Personal Data and to prevent unauthorized access or improper use. If you think that the Website or any Personal Data is not secure or that there has been unauthorized access to the Website or your Personal Data, please contact privacyofficer@publicisgroupe.com immediately. VII. Data TransfersMost collection of data involve international data transfers in view of the international nature of our business.Your personal data may be transferred to the US, India and Costa Rica as part of our business operations, support, hosting and financial services are based outside of Europe and the UK. We ensure all data transfers comply with applicable legal requirements by relying on appropriate contractual protections in compliance with article 46 of the GDPR.
Should you wish to know more about how data is protected or wish to request a copy of the contractual protection in place to transfer data, please contact privacyofficer@publicisgroupe.com.VIII. Notification of changesShould we wish to change this Privacy Notice, if you have already provided Personal Data through this Website, we will contact you to inform you of the new Privacy Notice and, in some circumstances, we may need to obtain your consent to the changes. In other circumstances, any such changes to this Privacy Notice will be promptly communicated on this page and you should check back to see whether there are any changes. If you wish to save this text, please select the entire page (by pressing ctrl-a) and copy-paste by pressing ctrl-c, then ctrl-v.IX. Further InformationIf you consider that we are not complying with this Privacy Notice or if you have any questions in relation to this Privacy Notice, please contact privacyofficer@publicisgroupe.com. You may also lodge a formal complaint with your competent data protection authority:UK: Information Commissioner's Office (ICO)Cookie NoticeThe www.publicislangland.com Website is hosted by Netlify Inc., whose registered office is located at 2325 3rd Street, Suite 215, San Francisco, California 94107. The purpose of this Notice is to inform you about the collection and use of Cookies when browsing our Website as well as how to object to such use.We will ensure the accuracy of this Cookie Notice by keeping it up to date. Any changes to this Cookie Notice will be promptly communicated on this page and you should check back to see whether any adjustments have been made.By clicking on the "I accept" button on the Cookie banner, you agree to the use of Cookies on your browser. You may revoke your consent at any time by changing your Cookie preferences as set out below.If you follow us on social media (for example, through our accounts on LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter or Instagram), we will also collect Personal Data about you in order to understand our followers better and understand the public response to our products and services. The above mentioned shall be solely made in accordance with applicable laws (e.g., if you ask us to contact you or with your specific express consent where required).We provide links to access third-party social media platforms we use, however we have no control over how social media platforms use your Personal Data. We encourage you to read the privacy notices on the various social media platforms you use.Find out more about how these social media platforms use your Personal Data:FacebookTwitterInstagramLinkedInVimeoMediumIf you have any questions about Langland collection of your data, please contact the Publicis Chief Data Privacy Officer on privacyofficer@publicisgroupe.com.1. What are cookies?A "Cookie" is a small file which is placed on your computer's hard drive when browsing on a webpage, reading an e-mail, installing or using a software or a mobile app. If you choose to accept Cookies, the file is added and the Cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular website.This data does not usually identify you directly, but the web application can provide you with a personalized web experience. They are usually used for the well-functioning of the Website and traffic analysis. In general, Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering your preferences. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not.Different retention periods apply for the different types of cookies placed depending on whether they are session cookies (i.e. a cookie that is temporarily set on your device which appears when you access the Website and disappears when you close your web browser window) or persistent cookies (i.e. a cookie that will remain on your device for a certain period of time to allow us to remember your preferences for your next visits). In any case, cookies will never be retained for more than 13 months on your device. 2. Our Website uses the following types of cookies2. Cookies strictly necessary for the functioning of the Website:
These Cookies are essential to your browsing of the Website and its proper functioning. They allow you to use the features of the Website and the services you have requested. For example, these Cookies help us remember the resolution of your screen.Cookies used | Vendor | Description | Expiry @@scroll | Publicis Langland | Temporary session storage used to maintain the users scroll position when moving between pages | Session 2.2 Performance Cookies:
These traffic log Cookies are used to identify the pages you visited and to measure and track the performance of our Website. These Cookies help us to analyze web page traffic data and improve our Website to fit your needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.Cookies used | Vendor | Description | Expiry _ga | Google Analytics | Stats and data on how the visitor uses the website | 2 years _gat | Google Analytics | Throttle request rate | 1 day
_gid | Google Analytics | Unique ID generated for generating the stats on how the visitor users the website | 1 day
collect | Google Analytics | Used to send data to GA about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels | Session 2.3 Advertising and Targeting Cookies: These Cookies are primarily used to tailor the advertisements on our Website or related to our Website to suit your personal interests. This explains why our products and services may be offered to you when you visit other websites. For example, these cookies may remember the Websites you visit and collect your Personal Data, mainly your IP address. The information collected may be shared with third parties.2.4 Functional Third Party Cookies: Third party Cookies originate from a different companies, and may be set for various purposes, including to support our website performance or to implement a specific application. We have already disclosed our use of Google Analytics on our site above, we also use the below third party functional Cookies.Cookies used | Vendor | Description | Expiry vuid
| Vimeo | Collects data on the user's visits | 2 years Different retention periods apply to the different types of Cookies according to whether they are session Cookies (i.e. a Cookie temporarily placed on your device that appears when you access the Website and disappears when you close your browser window) or permanent Cookies (that is a Cookie that will remain on your device for a certain period to allow us to remember your preferences on your next visits). In any case, Cookies will never be kept for more than 13 months on your device.3. How you can manage cookies?You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the Website.When browsing the Website for the first time, you may click the button "Cookies Settings" on the Cookie banner in order to manage your Cookie preferences.Updated: 01 October 2020