https://laquila.co.uk/terms-conditions-of-website/
Jump to Menu
Jump to Main Content Area
Jump to Viewing Options
Jump to Sitemap
L'Aquila > Legal > Terms & Conditions of Website
Terms & Conditions of Website
Category:
Legal
Terms, Conditions and Privacy for the L'Aquila London website
Last Updated: October 2016
Introduction
This website is owned and run by L'Aquila London.
This website was designed by Access by Design.
This document governs the terms and conditions of the use of the services and the privacy provided on the L'Aquila London website.
The L'Aquila London website is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. The purpose of this document is to inform you of terms of use of the website and what personal information the L'Aquila London website collects and the purposes for which it uses this information.
Please read this document carefully.
If you are not happy with our terms, conditions and privacy as laid out in this document, please do not use the L'Aquila London website.
If you wish to contact L'Aquila London concerning any matter relating to your personal information then please contact us in writing at 860 Coronation Road, NW10 7PS, London.
These terms and conditions may be modified by from time to time so please check occasionally. Continued use of the website by you will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions of this document that may happen.
The Website
All material on this website belongs to L'Aquila London or its website designers, licensors or third-party contractors.
All images are copyrighted, either from stock image licensing, graphic design from Access –by Design (as designers) or L'Aquila London itself.
You may retrieve and display content from this website for your own personal, non-commercial use.
You may not in any way make commercial or other unauthorised use, by publication, re-transmission, distribution, performance, caching or otherwise, of material obtained through this website.
You acknowledge that the original designers, Access –by Design, do not endorse the content of this site after the initial design period has expired (i.e. when the site goes ‘live’).
You acknowledge that the original designers, Access –by Design or L'Aquila London cannot be held responsible for the contents of any website linked to from this website.
Using hyperlinks to any other service or site from this website is done at your sole risk.
Material
Miracle , Church Lane, Birdham, West Sussex, PO20 7AT
Tel: 01243 776399
Email: info@accessbydesign.uk
Web: www.accessbydesign.uk
Any third party website, company or organisation other than the original designer, Access-by Design, that links to this web site must not do any of the following:
create a frame or any other browser or border environment around the content of this site;
imply that L'Aquila London is endorsing it or its products or services;
use any of L'Aquila London logo or images displayed on L'Aquila London website without permission from L'Aquila London;
infringe any intellectual property or other right of any person;
Be a web site that contains content that could be construed as distasteful, offensive or controversial.
RSS may be used but under strict accreditation of source.
L'Aquila London reserves the right to request that any link in breach of these terms be removed and to take whatever other action it deems appropriate.
Copyright
Access-by Design respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our clients to do the same. If L'Aquila London has used copyrighted material in the ongoing development of its own site, Access-by Design cannot be held responsible for this. However, as clients are informed of copyright and the internet, we trust that it is usually done in ignorance.
The clients of Access – by Design websites (including L'Aquila London) are not web designers and may make mistakes in ignorance.
If you believe that your work has been copied and is accessible on L'Aquila London website in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that the website contains links or other references to another online location that contains material or activity that infringes your copyright, we would ask affected parties to simply contact L'Aquila London to remove offending material, rather than taking aggressive action.
If no response can be had from L'Aquila London, please contact Access-by Design at: http://accessbydesign.uk
Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability
In using this website:
You acknowledge that you are using the website at your own risk. The website is provided "as is," and to the extent permitted by applicable law, L'Aquila London, Access –by Design and its affiliates hereby expressly disclaim any and all warranties, express and implied, including but not limited to any warranties of accuracy, reliability, title, merchantability, non-infringement, fitness for a particular purpose or any other warranty, condition, guarantee or representation, whether oral, in writing or in electronic form, including but not limited to the accuracy or completeness of any information contained therein or provided by the website
L'Aquila London and Access –by Design and its affiliates have taken steps to provide a reliable, secure and fast service. However, neither L'Aquila London nor its affiliate do represent or warrant that access to the website will be uninterrupted or that there will be no failures, errors or omissions or loss of transmitted information, or that no viruses will be transmitted on the service.
There are links on L'Aquila London website to third party websites which L'Aquila London has no control over. L'Aquila London accepts no responsibility or liability for any third party practices on third party websites. L'Aquila London advises you to carefully read 3rd party privacy statements prior to the use of any third party website.
L'Aquila London and its affiliates shall not be liable to you or any third parties for any direct, indirect, special, consequential or punitive damages allegedly sustained arising out of:
your access to or inability to access the website, including for viruses alleged to have been obtained from the website;
your use of or reliance on the website or any of the information or materials available on the website;
regardless of the type of claim or the nature of the cause of action, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
Privacy
The information that you provide about yourself to L'Aquila London will only be used by L'Aquila London in accordance with this document. This document does not apply to third party sites.
Disclosures
L'Aquila London may disclose your information, under strict terms of confidentiality and restriction of use, to partners of L'Aquila London who supply services on behalf of L'Aquila London and who require to process personal data in the provision of such services. When you use L'Aquila London services you are consenting to the disclosure of your personal information to L'Aquila London partners. L'Aquila London will not disclose any of your personal information to any other third parties without your express consent.
However, under certain circumstances the force of law may require the provision of information to legal authorities. In order to maintain the integrity of its website and safeguard the interests of its users, L'Aquila London will comply with any such legally binding request.
You agree that this document, for all purposes, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. You also agree, subject to the following clause, to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts as regards any claim or matter arising under this Agreement.
For the exclusive benefit of L'Aquila London shall retain the right to bring proceedings as to the substance of the matter in the courts of the country of your residence.
Information Collected
Identifiable information - Your information is collected when you fill in a form on L'Aquila London website, or you send an email to L'Aquila London or register any forum on the site. The information that is provided by you will only be used for the purpose for which it is provided, unless you are informed otherwise at the time of giving the information. You may inform L'Aquila London at any time if you wish L'Aquila London to cease using your personal information.
Non identifiable information - L'Aquila London will from time to time collect information from you that does not reveal your personal identity. L'Aquila London uses this information for editorial purposes, and occasionally for other internal purposes. This information is only used in aggregate form and is not connected to any name, address or other personal identifying information.
Use of personal information
L'Aquila London processes personal information for the purpose of providing a personalised service, conducting market research surveys, running competitions and providing you with information about products and services on offer.
L'Aquila London may from time to time use your contact information to tell you about news or events provided by L'Aquila London or one of its strategic partners. You may opt-out of receiving such mailings at any time.
International Transfers
Due to the international nature of the Internet, the collecting and processing of your personal information in accordance with L'Aquila London privacy document will often involve transferring the data between countries in which L'Aquila London and strategic partners are located.
L'Aquila London shall take steps to ensure that any transfer of data to a country or territory outside the European Economic Area, whose laws provide for a different standard of protection for your personal data than that provided under English law, shall be made subject to contractual arrangements which will require that your data be processed to at least a standard compliant with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Security
This Website has has tried to ensure there are security measures in place to protect against loss, misuse and alteration of your personal information but only where possible and practical. Users of this website are expected to take their own security measures, including using a secure, standards compliant browser, ad-blockers, high browser security options, their own firewall, antivirus (including adware protection) and internet browsing protection.
Although L'Aquila London strives to protect your personal information, L'Aquila London cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Once L'Aquila London receives the transmission, L'Aquila London makes best efforts to ensure the security on the system.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
This site requires the use of cookies for its functionality. When using this site there is an implied consent from the user that they accept all of the website's cookies. Please note that there is no personal data stored or passed onto third parties as the cookies will expire upon termination of the session. The only third parties used are Google Analytics for measuring traffic to the site and the users are not identified in any reports.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies please follow this link.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites follow this link.
Any Other Terms
If L'Aquila London runs competitions, free prize draws and promotions on this website, these are subject to additional terms that will be made available at the time.
For website accessibility, please see our accessibility page.
This document is the complete and entire agreement between the parties and supersedes any prior agreement, whether written or oral.
If any provision of this document is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of that provision will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this document, which shall remain in full force and effect.
If you don't agree to the terms, conditions and privacy policies contained in this document please exit the website now.