https://lasergas.com/privacy-policy-2/
2781 Three Lakes Rd, North Charleston, SC 29418
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Effective date: September 25, 2018
Nova Gas Technologies (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the lasergas.com website
The website is currently configured to disable all tracking cookies.  We would, however like to use your data as a way to improve the website functionality and user experience. When visiting our website, you can agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy by using the ‘Opt-in’ functionality to enable the use of cookies for this purpose.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Usage Data
While using our website we collect information how the website is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies.We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies.We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Nova Gas Technologies primarily uses the collected data for purposes of utilizing Google’s ranking algorithm to improve our relevancy on the internet.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, will not be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we do not transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. We do, however strive to maintain this security through the use of an SSL security certificate (HTTPS).
Service Providers
We do not employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
Links To Other Sites
Our website does not contain links to other sites that are not operated by us.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email: novagas@lasergas.com
Click 'Opt-in' to enable cookies on this website Additional Information Opt-inThe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.Close