http://lba.it/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy of www.lba.it
This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.
Data Controller and Owner
LBA srl – Via Vicenza 4, z.i. 31046 Oderzo (TV) – ITALY,
info@lba.it
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: First Name, Email address, Cookie and Usage data.
Other Personal Data collected may be described in other sections of this privacy policy or by dedicated explanation text contextually with the Data collection.
The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or collected automatically when using this Application.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this Application or by the owners of third party services used by this Application, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify Users and remember their preferences, for statistic purpose or in order to provide the service required by the User, with no profiling activities on the Data of the Users browsing the web.
Failure to provide certain Personal Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services.
Users are responsible for any Personal Data of third parties obtained, published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party’s consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Data Controller processes the Data of Users in a proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data Controller, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of the site (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Data Controller’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing are located. For further information, please contact the Data Controller.
Retention time
The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that the Data Controller suspend or remove the data.
Purposes of the Data processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes: Contacting the User, Analytics and Interaction with external social networks and platforms.
The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
The Data eventually acquired, always in observance of the law, will be treated for institutional purposes, connected and/or instrumental to the provision of access to the site www.lba.it; in particular:
a) to implement a service (such as access to the site with all its functionality). Anyway the User can consult the site without providing any Personal Data, although certain features may not be available and some services could not be provided, as described and specified in this privacy policy;
b) to execute, in general, legal obligations;
In the case of explicit and voluntary expression of consent, the Data will be used for marketing purposes and/or commercial promotion.
The Data will be treated lawfully and correctly and used only for the purposes of the preceding paragraphs. The Data will be processed using instruments that guarantee security and confidentiality and can be made with papers and/or using automated tools to store, manage and transmit the same Data. The Data will be kept for the time prescribed by law.
The User Data are collected to help the website to provide its services, as well as for contacting the User and collecting anonymous statistical data on navigation.
The types of Personal Data used for each purpose are given in the specific sections of this document.
Data provided voluntarily by the User (communications)
The optional, explicit and voluntary transmission of Data and/or e-mail addresses listed on this site, including contact forms or other technological tools that may become available, involves the subsequent acquisition of the sender address, necessary to respond to requests, and of any other Personal Information contained in the message sent.
Specific briefing notes is made available on the website pages dedicated to particular services on demand, also linking to specific sections of this Privacy Policy.
Cookie
What are cookies? Cookies are information stored by the browser when you visit a website with a PC, a smartphone or a tablet. Each cookie contains several data (eg., the name of the server from which it comes, an identification number, etc.). Cookies can remain in the system for the duration of a session (until the closing of the browser) or for long periods and may contain a unique identifier.
What are cookies for? Cookies are used for different purposes depending on their type: some are strictly necessary for the correct functionality of the site (technical cookies), while others optimize their performance in order to offer a better experience and allow to scan the usage statistics of the site, such as analytics cookies; others are for displaying advertisements, in some cases based on user profiling (cookie profiling).
Consent: the possible provision of consent of the User is stored by a technical cookie. The user is informed by the briefing note (banner displayed at the first visit of the site until it the User gives or denies permission, as explained in paragraph ‘How to disable cookies?’) and by this extended Privacy Policy; see also the links to third parties’ Privacy Policies, even for disabling cookies (wherever it’s directly possibile through the same links).
How to disable cookies? The User can disable cookies through the browser settings (par. ‘How to disable cookies?’) and through the tools made available by some third party (par. ‘Cookies used on this website’).
General types of cookies used on this site
Technical cookies: they are essential for the proper operation of the site www.lba.it.
Analytical cookies (third party) are used for aggregate analysis of the visits to the site using a third party service. The data are sent prior anonymisation of the IP to prevent recognition by the User’s IP address.
Cookies used in this site
First-party cookies: technical cookies are used for the following purposes: to store the User preferences about cookies, store the language selection, for authentication in the reserved area.
Third-party cookies: different third-party cookies are used. Find below links to the Privacy Policy of each third party, explaining how to disable their cookies (except as provided in par. ‘How to disable cookies?’):
Google Analytics: http://www.google.com/intl/it_ALL/analytics/learn/privacy.html
(For the disabled – opt-out: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout)
For cookies derived by sharing through social networks, please refer to each specific social network (as these cookies refer directly to them):
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/cookies
Twitter: https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=it
Google+: https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/cookies/
LinkedIN: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie_policy
How to disable cookies?
Control via browser: Commonly used browsers (eg., Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari) accept cookies by default, but this approach can be modified by the User at any time. This is true both for PCs and for mobile devices like tablets and smartphones: this function is generally and widely supported.
Therefore, cookies can easily be disabled or turned off by selecting the options or preferences of the browser used, and generally it is possible to block the only third-party cookies; in general, these options will be only applied to the specific browser and on the specific device, unless options to unify the preferences of different devices are active. Specific instructions can be found in the options tab or help tab of the browser itself. Disabling technical cookies, however, can affect the full and/or correct functioning of different sites.
Normally, browsers used today:
– offer the option ‘Do not track’, that is supported by some websites (but not all). Thus, some Web sites may not collect certain navigation data;
– They offer the option of anonymous surfing or incognito: in this way no Data will be saved in the browser and browsing history won’t be saved, but the navigation Data will still be acquired by the operator of the visited website;
– allow you to delete cookies stored, in whole or in part, but new cookies will be usually installed when visiting a website where such possibility is not blocked.
Find below the link to the support pages of the most popular browsers (with instructions on how to disable cookies on such browsers):
Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/it/kb/Attivare%20e%20disattivare%20i%20cookie
Internet Explorer: http://windows.microsoft.com/it-it/windows7/block-enable-or-allow-cookies
Safari (iOS): https://support.apple.com/it-it/HT201265
Chrome for Desktops: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=it
Chrome for Android and iOS: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/2392971?hl=it
Third-party cookies: third party cookies may be disabled as described above and also referring to each third party page (following the links listed in the previous paragraph).
We also suggest to visit the site http://www.youronlinechoices.com/it/ to acquire more information about cookies, but also to express a consent in relation to a number of cookies installed by various companies.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User’s Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Data Controller, in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related services.
The User declares to be aware that the Data Controller may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User’s Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System Logs and Maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System Logs) or use for this purpose other Personal Data (such as IP Address).
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Data Controller at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
The rights of Users according to art. 7 D.lg. n. 196/03
Remember that the individual has the right to be informed about the origin of Personal Data; the purposes and methods of processing; the logic applied in case of processing with the help of electronic devices; the identity of the Owner, the Controller and of the people or categories of persons to whom the Personal Data may be disclosed or who can learn about them as managers or agents. User has the right to obtain updating, rectification or, when interested, integration of Data; the cancellation, anonymization or blocking of Data processed unlawfully, including Data that need not be kept for the purposes for which the Data were collected or subsequently processed. He has the right to obtain certification that the operations mentioned above and their content have been notified to whom the Personal Data may be disclosed except where this proves impossible or involves a use of resources disproportionate to the protected right.
You have the right to object, in whole or in part for legitimate reasons: to the processing of Personal Data concerning him, even if corresponding to the purpose of the collection; to the processing of Personal Data for the purpose of marketing. The objection to the processing of Data for the purposes of marketing made through automated tools, extends to the one made through traditional methods, saves prejudice to the person concerned the opportunity to exercise that right in whole or in part, or even opposing for example to the only dispatch of promotional communications made through automated tools.
Requests should be sent to the Data Controller at the contact information set out above.
This Application does not support “Do Not Track” requests.
To determine whether any of the third party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this Application and can request that the Data Controller removes the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data the Data Controller has about Users.
Information about this privacy policy
The Data Controller is responsible for this privacy policy, prepared starting from the modules provided by Iubenda and hosted on Iubenda’s servers.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information regarding a natural person, a legal person, an institution or an association, which is, or can be, identified, even indirectly, by reference to any other information, including a personal identification number.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically from this Application (or third party services employed in this Application ), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server’s answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User’s IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application, which must coincide with or be authorized by the Data Subject, to whom the Personal Data refer.
Data Subject
The legal or natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization authorized by the Data Controller to process the Personal Data in compliance with this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization with the right, also jointly with another Data Controller, to make decisions regarding the purposes, and the methods of processing of Personal Data and the means used, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The hardware or software tool by which the Personal Data of the User is collected.
Cookie
Small piece of data stored in the User’s device.
Legal information
Notice to European Users: this privacy statement has been prepared in fulfillment of the obligations under Art. 10 of EC Directive n. 95/46/EC, and under the provisions of Directive 2002/58/EC, as revised by Directive 2009/136/EC, on the subject of Cookies.
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application.
Latest update: October 27, 2017
Select Product
Product Family
All Products
Coated Abrasives – Belts and Rolls
Combined Backings (COMBI)
Flexible abrasive cloths
Heavy abrasive cloths
Heavy abrasive papers
Light abrasive papers
Coated Abrasives – Other Forms
Abrasive Discs with Velcro
Abrasive Paper with Foam
Fibre Discs
Flap Discs with Abrasive Cloth
Events
Foam Abrasives
Microabrasives & Polishing Systems
Microabrasives
Products for Manual Polishing
Nonwoven Abrasives
Nonwoven and C&P Flap Wheels
Nonwoven Rolls, Pads and Discs
Surface Conditioning Material Abrasives
Senza categoria @en
Tools & Accessories
Disc Sanders, Abrasive Belt Tools & Abrasive Finishing Tools
Orbital & Random Orbital Polishers
Orbital & Random Orbital Sanders
Application
Any applicationAutomotive & CompositesLeather & FashionMetal & GlassMetal & GlassesWood & Lacquers
ProductCoated Abrasives – Belts and Rolls
Coated Abrasives – Other Forms
Nonwoven Abrasives
Foam Abrasives
Microabrasives & Polishing System
Tools & Accessories
Your Best Way to FinishManifesto
GoGreen
#Grana
ProductsCoated Abrasives – Belts and Rolls
Coated Abrasives – Other Forms
Nonwoven Abrasives
Foam Abrasives
Microabrasives & Polishing System
Tools & Accessories
Innovation LabsFINISHING LAB®
Abratech
Innovative Backing System®
COMBI®
AbraSilk soft
InfoContacts
Careers
General terms of sale
Privacy Policy
Newsletter
Follow us