https://lciweb.com/privacy-policy-new+
Who we areOur website address is: https://lciweb.com.What personal data we collect and why we collect itCommentsWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.MediaIf you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.Contact formsContact forms collect information including your name, email, phone, company if any, city, state, country and message. These forms are stored in a secure, confidential database on our web server but are only used for following up with potential clients or other relationships. The information is never shared with or sold to anyone.CookiesIf you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.AnalyticsThis site uses Google Analytics to track visitor usage of each page and part of the site. This information is automatically captured by Google but is not captured on our website or servers per se.Who we share your data withYour data is not shared with anyone outside of the owners and employees of Lawrimore Communications Inc. It is essentially kept secret.How long we retain your dataIf you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.What rights you have over your dataIf you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes. There will be a small charge for this service.Where we send your dataVisitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.Contact usContact Lawrimore Inc. by emailing:
info (at) lciweb (dot) com
We are not interested in SEO services, web development services, app development services or anything else you have to sell or offer. So please don't waste our time.
This email is for potential or existing clients only.Recent Blog Posts Christian Business Success – Principles and Guidelines You Can Use Digital Marketing Agencies in Charlotte NC – What to Expect from the Best Three Reasons Why You Need To Hire an SEO Company in Charlotte NC What The Best SEO Companies in Charlotte NC Do Differently Combining Marketing Strategy And Strategic Planning For Greater Control And Success Digital Marketing Basics for Your Business How To Take Full Advantage Of PR And Save Lots Of Money 12 Marketing Ideas For Small Business On A Budget Small Business Consultant in Charlotte NC Will Help Strengthen Your Business How Does A Charlotte Marketing Agency Work? The 5 Key Success Factors Of Business – No. 5: Finances Extraordinary Benefits Of Knowing What Your Customers Value How To Choose A Charlotte Marketing Agency Business To Business Marketing For Your Small Business – What Really Works The 4 Best Ways To Increase Your Sales