https://lease-smart.com/privacy/
YorksPpeach LLC, dba Lease$mart
PRIVACY POLICY.
WE WILL ALWAYS RESPECT YOUR PRIVACY AND THE PRIVILEGED INFORMATION YOU SHARE WITH US IN CONFIDENCE.
Information and understanding is our stock in trade.
Usually the more we know about your situation and your needs the better we can serve you, so if you initiate a transaction or make an inquiry about one, you can expect us to ask you enough questions so that we can better assess your needs and your goals.  Sometimes, it seems, we may ask too many questions, and we’re conscious of probing too deep.  Our clients and customers benefit when we have a solid understanding of each one’s prospects for the future and their experiences from the past.  This knowledge strengthens the foundation of our relationship and applies to most parties with which we contemplate business transactions.
We are committed to protecting the confidentiality of all confidential information entrusted to us.  We carefully manage that information to provide each client with high quality financial products and services, and we never sell or share confidential information with non-affiliated outside parties.
Information Collected
In general, you can visit this website without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself.  Our web servers collect the domain names, not the e-mail addresses, of visitors.  Domain name information that we collect is not used to personally identify you and instead is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc.  We use this information to measure the use of our site and to improve the content of our site.
In addition, there are portions of this website and in our business dealings with you where we may need to collect personal and business information from you for a specific purpose, such as to provide you with credit approval and/or for certain information you request from us.
When personally identifiable information or financial data other information is collected from you, we generally let you know at the time of collection how we will use the personal information.  Usually, we use the personal information you provide only to respond to your inquiry or to process your request for credit approval on a leasing or financing request or to be added to our approved supplier database.
WE WILL ONLY USE YOUR CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION TO SERVE YOU IN CONNECTION WITH A TRANSACTION YOU INITIATE.  We gather and use Confidential Information in the course of providing you with leasing and financial services.
Collecting Information.
We may gather Confidential Information from the following sources:
Information you provide on applications and through other forms, such as your name, address, social security number, and income and other financial information.
Information based on your transactions and account experience with us or with other references you provide to us, such as account balances, and payment or overdraft history.
Information from a consumer report, such as your creditworthiness and credit history.
Information which is developed from publicly-available information such as news articles, public records or the internet.
Using and Sharing Information.
Your information is accessible only to employees who need the information to provide products or services to you.  All our staff with access to your personal information are bound by a formal Code of Ethics emphasizing their responsibility to maintain the privacy and confidentiality of your information.
We will share your information only with those other parties who have a “need to know” in connection with a transaction you have initiated.
We will regularly furnish your personally identifiable information to our underwriters, lenders and investors in the context of providing our leasing services and financial products to you.  If you do not want us to furnish your information outside of our offices, you may instruct us to keep it confidential to our internal staff and we will respect your request, however our abilities to provide certain services and terms to you may be limited by that requirement.
Disclosing Information as Permitted by Law.
We may disclose Confidential Information with your consent or as otherwise permitted by law.  For example, this may include disclosure to a credit-reporting agency or in response to a subpoena or other legal process.  It may also include disclosure to protect against fraud, as part of an audit or examination.
We do not share Confidential Information about former customers, except as permitted by law.
Our website may contain links to other websites.  We are advising you that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of any other websites outside of our control.
Important Note Regarding U.S. Law
Please note: The laws and regulations in different countries impose different (and even conflicting) requirements on the Internet and data protection.  We are located in the USA, as are the servers that make this site available worldwide.  All matters relating to this site are governed by the laws of the State of Arizona in the USA.  If you are located in the outside of the USA and you contact us, please note that any information you provide will be transferred to the USA and by submitting the information you authorize this transfer.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change and update this Privacy Policy at our discretion.  We will post any changes to this Policy or any new policy here and we encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed.  If there is any material change in the type of information we collect or way in which we use such information, then we will obtain your permission before changing the method in which we use your information.
Your Consent to This Privacy Policy
By using our web sites, you signify that you agree with the terms of our current Privacy Policy as posted on our sites.  If you do not agree with any term in this Policy, please do not use this site or provide any Personal Information to us.
WE WILL BE PLEASED TO ANSWER YOUR QUESTIONS.
We hope the information in this Privacy Policy is helpful to you.  We welcome the opportunity to answer any questions or concerns you may have about our Policy and practices.  Please email us or visit our office or call us at 800-532-7303 (800-LEASE-03) during normal business hours.
Save
Save
Credit Criteria
Our Approach to Your Best Approval
Leasing Rates
Our Guarantee: Your Lowest Overall Cost
Testimonials
Happy Clients Are Repeat Clients
Glossary
The Language of Leasing
Every lease includes a written purchase option that spells out your option to own the equipment.  No surprises!
CLOSE
Choose from many options for term, structure and lease fees. You tell us which option is best for you and how you want to proceed.
CLOSE
You choose the supplier and negotiate your package of features and benefits. You are in control!
CLOSE
New or used. Custom-built or configured? Sure!  Whatever you need for your business objectives.
CLOSE
Capitalism with a Conscience
We treat people like friends … like we want to be treated by our friends. We’ll be straight with you. We’ll tell you what you need to know (instead of only what you might want to hear). And we’ve been known to talk eager entrepreneurs out of doing business with us if we haven’t got a solution we can offer to them with pride. We take good care of our clients and expect that their doors will swing wide open for us when we next have the opportunity to do business together. We call it ‘Capitalism With A Conscience.” You’ll recognize it as “The Golden Rule”.
CLOSE
Resources
Because of our membership in the National Association of Equipment Leasing Brokers, we have access to hundreds of the best and most creative leasing and financing resources. Those resources and others allow us to approve almost every unique situation requested by our clients. We welcome unusual challenges!
CLOSE
Integrity
On each transaction, every action we take is to provide the best and most attractive solution to our clients, with honesty and integrity as our guiding principals. We abide by the Code of Ethics of the National Association of Equipment Leasing Brokers (NAELB) and the Certified Leasing and Financing Professionals Association. We work to earn the repeat business of each of our clients – and intend to grow with each of them ‘for the long haul.’
CLOSE
Knowledge
Lease $mart’s managers have been studying the evolution of equipment leasing and financing since 1984 and created the current business model in 1988.  We’ve funded THOUSANDS of transactions for sole proprietorships to Fortune 500 companies and everything in between.  We are constantly learning, refining and improving our ability to help our clients
CLOSE