https://legal.thomsonreuters.com/en/products/law-books
Home
Products
Law books
Thomson Reuters Law Books
Law books
Shop the print and ProView titles you need to support your business and respond to current issues
Shop now
Overview
Overview
Jurisdictions
Practice areas
Featured products
Publishers
Search law book titles
Search
Primary law materials
Access authoritative guidance with comprehensive legal forms, practice materials, and law books.
Shop titles
Rules of court
Leverage law books, ProView eBooks, and legal software to search court rules by practice area and jurisdiction.
Shop titles
Treatises
Explore a wide-ranging selection of legal treatises, including law books, ProView eBooks, and legal encyclopedias and software.
Shop titles
Shop by jurisdiction
Pinpoint the resources legal professionals need in your jurisdiction.
All jurisdictions
National
New York
Federal
Texas
California
Florida
Shop by practice area
Find specialized titles designed for a multitude of practice areas.
All practice areas
Bankruptcy law
Estate planning
Criminal law and procedure
Family law
Labor and employment law
Real estate law
Featured products
Learn more about the products legal professionals rely on to strengthen the business, practice, and study of law
Black's Law Dictionary
Black's Law Dictionary is the most widely cited law book in the world and is the standard for the language law.
Learn more
Thomson Reuters ProView
Our professional-grade eBook app gives you access to online law books on your desktop, laptop, or tablet.
Learn more
New products and editions
Stay informed with the latest updates from Thomson Reuters.
Shop titles
Law books
Purchasing options
Whether you're maintaining a complete legal library or just adding a single title, we have book purchasing options to save you time and money
Learn more
Featured publishers
Legal publishers within Thomson Reuters are known for their specialized, authoritative resources that help legal professionals thrive. Explore our law book publishers list to find the right titles for you.
Aspatore
Aspatore books from Thomson Reuters help you manage clients and expand your practice. Get inside the minds of top attorneys and executives who reveal winning legal strategies.
Shop now
Norton Bankruptcy Library
Since publishing the first edition of Norton Bankruptcy Law and Practice in 1982, Hon. William L. Norton Jr. has expanded his library of authored and edited works. Find all of these publications in print and many through Westlaw.
Shop now
O'Connor's
O’Connor’s books are comprehensive yet portable volumes that pair editorial insights and practice-ready commentary with relevant codes and forms.
Shop now
Quinlan
Quinlan Publishing Group has been a leading provider of information for law enforcement personnel, education professionals, lawyers, and other professionals for more than 50 years.
Shop now
Rutter Group
The Rutter Group provides authoritative and practical guidance for California and federal legal professionals.
Shop now
Witkin Library
The Witkin Library provides a comprehensive but tightly focused discussion of California law, both substantive and procedural. It's an efficient way to find the best practice works and other references involving California, national and federal law.
Shop now