https://legal.thomsonreuters.com/en/products/westlaw
Home
Products
Westlaw Edge
Legal research
Westlaw Edge
The most intelligent legal research service ever
Free trial
Overview
Overview
Features
Customer stories
Plans and pricing
Leave nothing to chance
Now more than ever, your clients rely on you to provide timely and reliable answers. Westlaw Edge is designed to help you complete research tasks in less time without sacrificing accuracy. Built on over 100 years of editorial excellence, Westlaw Edge utilizes advanced artificial intelligence to help you in ways never before possible.
The next generation of legal research is already here. Gain your edge today.
Useful links
Sign in to Westlaw
What's new on Westlaw Edge
Support and training
Questions? Call 1-888-728-7677
Why Westlaw Edge?
Efficiency
Spend less time conducting legal research without compromising accuracy.
Accuracy
Access the most up-to-date information so you can be confident that you are
citing the most current authority.
Insight
Advanced AI combined with decades of data and human expertise gives you
the context needed to craft the strongest litigation strategy.
Compare Westlaw Edge to Westlaw Classic
Discover the AI-powered tools that set Westlaw Edge apart from Westlaw Classic.
See comparison chart
Get Westlaw Edge and don't hesitate. It is absolutely worth it. It'll make you a better attorney. It'll make your firm better. And you'll serve your clients better than you have before.
Steven Smelser
Partner, Yukevich Cavanaugh
Unrivaled features included with Westlaw Edge
Quick Check
Upload your brief to find highly relevant authority that traditional research may have missed.
Learn about Quick Check
Litigation Analytics
Gain data-driven insights on judges, courts, attorneys, law firms, and case types.
Learn about Litigation Analytics
KeyCite Overruling Risk
The only citator that warns when a point of law in your case has been implicitly undermined.
Learn about KeyCite Overruling Risk
See all Westlaw Edge features
Customer stories
See how real customers are using Westlaw Edge to make a difference in their legal practice.
Read more
Kay Kim
Senior Director, Practice Innovation
Crowell & Moring LLP
James Yukevich
Partner
Yukevich | Cavanaugh
Jeunesse M. Rutledge
Associate
Reinhart Boerner Van Deuren s.c.
Built on a foundation you can trust
Authoritative content
Know your research is complete with access to the most comprehensive collection of legal information
Editorial enhancements
Quickly find on-point law with exclusives including Headnotes, Notes of Decisions, and the Key Number System
Attorney-editors
Experienced attorney-editors track legal changes every day, so you can trust the law you get is up to date and accurate
Reference attorneys
Bar-admitted Reference Attorneys are available with time-saving guidance at any stage of your legal research
Discover a more efficient way to research
Experience Westlaw Edge today
Free trial