https://legal.thomsonreuters.com/en/support/billing-returns-refunds
Home
Support center
Billing, Payments, Returns, & Refunds
Support topic
Billing, payments, returns, and refunds
Learn about invoices, credits, payment methods, returns, and refunds
Billing and balance due questions
When are invoices sent?
How do I read my invoice?
What does the "billing period" date represent on the invoice?
Why did I receive multiple invoices?
How do I set up automatic email delivery of invoices?
Why did I receive a notification of an unpaid balance?
What is my current amount due?
How do I retrieve a history of how you arrived at my amount due?
What is tangible personal property?
How do I retrieve a copy of an invoice?
Do I have any credits?
How do I know when a credit has been issued?
How do I know a credit has been applied?
Why do I see both a St. Paul, MN PO box and a Carol Stream, IL PO box on my invoice?
What are ancillary charges?
What if my invoice amount is different than what I expected?
Why is my first invoice higher than I expected?
How are Findlaw and Super Lawyer products billed?
Payment information
Where do I mail my payment?
What methods can I use to make a payment?
How do I set up automatic payments?
Did you receive my payment?
How can I use my credits when making a payment?
What are your payment terms?
Where do I send a remittance, ACH, or payment advice?
How do I get a receipt of payment?
How are disputed balances settled?
How do I set up automatic payments from my checking account?
How do I set up automatic payments from my credit card?
How do I submit an Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) payment?
How do I change my bank account for automatic payments?
How do I change the credit card account used for automatic payments?
How do I stop automatic payments from my bank account?
How do I stop automatic payments from my credit card?
How do I set up a prepayment?
Refunds and returns
What is your return policy?
What is your return address?
How do I request a return label?
What is your return policy for resellers and bookstores?
Has a credit been issued for my return?
Can I be notified when my return is received and credited?
Are there products that are ineligible to return for credit?
How do I request a refund of an open credit?
How long does it take to process my refund?
What is the status of my refund?
Can I use my refund check to pay my bill?
Questions?
1-800-328-4880
Call our customer support team. Available M–F from 7AM-7PM CT.
Submit a request
Submit a request to our customer support team.
Submit a question