https://legal.thomsonreuters.com/en/products/practical-law
Home
Products
Practical Law
Legal know-how
Practical Law
Access practical legal know-how for lawyers
Free trial
Overview
Overview
Features
Plans and pricing
Propel your legal research into action
In sports, it takes a proven playbook and lots of practice to win. The same can be said of the practice of law. But there’s one big difference – in law, the rules are constantly changing and you never know when you’ll find yourself on unfamiliar ground. And while traditional legal research ensures that you know what the law is and are citing the right cases, it doesn’t give you the insight and guidance needed to get through those times of uncertainty. That’s when you need legal know-how.
Thomson Reuters Practical Law is legal know-how that provides practical guidance and wisdom to propel your research into action. Over 280 expert attorney-editors obsessively monitor the changes in the law to ensure you have up-to-date resources, providing the questions you should be asking, and guiding you along the process.
Useful links
Already using Practical Law? Sign in
Support and training
Questions? Call 1-888-728-7677
Empowering you to act quickly with confidence
Understand the issues
Over 280 dedicated full-time attorney-editors spend their days creating and maintaining resources they wish they had when they were practicing.  They create these under the framework of helping you quickly understand what’s important, why it’s important, and how you should proceed.
Learn more about our Editors
Improve response time
Straightforward how-to-guides and clear explanations of current law and practice, giving you a critical starting point and cut down the time you spend searching, so you can respond with speed and confidence.
Increase efficiency
Get a better starting point on contracts, agreements, and clauses. With coverage across business-related practice areas and beyond, Practical Law standard documents and clauses provide real-world applicability infused with insight from experts.
Trusted legal expertise
Practice areas
Get up-to-date resources covering all major practice areas created and maintained by our 280+ expert attorney-editors.
Antitrust
Arbitration
Bankruptcy and restructuring
Capital markets and corporate governance
Commercial transactions
Corporate and M&A
Employee benefits and compensation
Finance
Financial services
Government - federal, state and local
Health care
Intellectual property and technology
Labor and employment
Life sciences & FDA regulatory
Litigation - civil practice & procedure and specialist litigation
Real estate
Startups and small businesses
Trusts and estates
Practical Law allows us to provide the quality legal services that we want at a reasonable price for our clients. In today’s society, they come in and they need something tomorrow or next week. In order to do that, we’ve got to be able to get into the information as quickly as possible. Practical Law gives us that edge to be able to do that.
John Stroh
Sharpnack, Bigley, Stroh & Washburn, LLP
Add efficiency and expertise to your organization
Whether you are a solo attorney or work in a legal department at a Fortune 500 company, Practical Law has resources to suit your needs.
Solo and small law firms (1-10 attorneys)
Learn more
Midsize and large law firms
Learn more
Corporate
Learn more
Government
Learn more
Guided product tour
Explore Practical Law resources and features
See Thomson Reuters Practical Law tools and resources that can help your law firm, business, or government agency.
Learn more
Practical Law and Drafting Assistant are extremely valuable resources for getting the actual practice of my practice done.
Stephen Hoffman
Hoffman Law Office, PC
Find trusted answers and insights with solutions for every stage of your research workflow
Legal research
Westlaw Edge
Discover the power of having all your legal research tools in one place with Westlaw Edge, the most intelligent legal research service.
More about Westlaw Edge
Public Records
PeopleMap
Intuitive public records search tool that gathers accurate, transparent results on people and is designed for the attorney workflow.
More about PeopleMap
Request a free trial today
See for yourself how Practical Law resources can enhance productivity, increase efficiency, and improve response time
Free trial