https://legal.thomsonreuters.com/en/support/reference-attorneys
Home
Support center
Reference Attorneys
Support
Reference Attorneys
Bar-admitted Reference Attorneys are ready to help you with time-saving guidance
Get the legal research you need faster
Reference Attorneys are the industry’s premier team of legal research support professionals. Every Reference Attorney is a bar-admitted legal research expert with a deep understanding of our legal solutions products.
Bar-admitted attorneys
Time-saving guidance
Contact Reference Attorneys at any stage of your legal research
Whether it's at the beginning of your legal research or after you've hit a roadblock, Reference Attorneys can help keep your research moving forward
Contact a Reference Attorney
Phone: 1-800-REF-ATTY (1-800-733-2889)
Law students call 1-800-850-WEST (1-800-850-9378)
Westlaw Edge subscribers:
Insight attorneys are ready to provide an unmatched level of support exclusively to Westlaw Edge customers.
Call 1-800-REF-ATTY (1-800-733-2889)
Live Chat: Access via Westlaw
Available to all customers from 7:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. (CST) Monday through Friday
Customers should contact us at any point of their research. Whether it is to get a starting point or to ensure nothing has been overlooked; we can help you find what you are looking for quickly and efficiently. Reference Attorneys are available to help night and day.
Owais Ahmed
Reference Attorney
Thank you! Your service this morning was fantastic. It was on point and quickly done. You saved me a ton of time. Thanks!
Associate Attorney
Large Law Firm
The Reference Attorney who assisted me did a superb job in a very short time.
Law Librarian
State Government
Everyone has boasted about this excellent service. Now I can attest to it, too.
Paralegal
Insurance Company
Using Reference Attorneys makes sense for efficiency. We help people find what they are looking for quickly while also helping them become better researchers themselves. It's one of the greatest benefits of the service.
Rachel Beithon
Reference Attorney