https://legal.thomsonreuters.com/en/solutions/simplify-litigation
Home
Solutions
Simplify litigation
Litigation software and services
Simplify litigation
Explore legal software and services that can help at every phase of the litigation process
Westlaw Edge
Leverage artificial intelligence to get the fastest answers and most valuable insights. With the Litigation Analytics feature, you’ll gain a strategic advantage using data-driven insights on judges, courts, attorneys, and law firms, helping you build a stronger case strategy.
See details
eDiscovery Point
Gain control of your time and costs with the speed, accuracy, and simplified pricing of this web-based eDiscovery software.
See details
Drafting Assistant
Cite to leading authority, maintain good law status, and prepare court documents for submission in minutes.
See details
Related products
Our suite of litigation solutions offers a wide array of software and services to strengthen and streamline your process. From case management to investigatory tools, these solutions are designed to help you work more efficiently and effectively.
Expert witness searches
Expert Witness Services
We’ll search and screen a network of 175,000 experts in all industries and thousands of specialties to make sure you get the best expert for your case.
See details
Business intelligence
Company Investigator
Eliminate hours of research by accessing the business profiles of over 140 million U.S. and international public and private companies.
See details
Public records
PeopleMap
Quickly locate people and find critical information about their connections, assets and more using the premier public records search tool.
See details
Case management
Case Notebook
Organize, analyze, and share key case documents with greater efficiency with this litigation case management software.
See details
Related insights
See all insights
Article
5 tangible benefits of litigation analytics
Read article
Case Study
Litigation case analysis technology that streamlines organization and collaboration
Read case study
report
Get a free report on the judge or opposing counsel of your choice
Read report