https://lendia.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Lendia Corporation (referred to herein as “we”, “our” or “Lendia”) considers the privacy of our customers and potential customers as well as visitors to our website and other people with whom we communicate (www.lendia.com) to be extremely important. This Privacy Policy describes in detail the types of personal information collected and recorded by the company through its interactions with you, on this website and elsewhere, and how we use it.
INFORMATION LENDIA MAY COLLECT
We may collect information from you when you visit our website, fill out a form on our website, call in to give us information, interact with us as part of a business transaction, subscribe to any newsletters or blogs we may offer, visit any social media site and of course, when you complete our application form. We may use this information in any one or more of the following ways:
1. To improve customer service, as your information helps us to more effectively respond to your service requests and support needs.
2. To process transactions for you (i.e., prequalification for loans) or help your online activities.
3. To send periodic emails that may contain information about Lendia, the products and services we offer, and other information that you may find useful. The emails may also be used to send you information and updates about your loan transaction.
4. To assist you in locating other companies capable of delivering products, services or information in which you may have an interest. The information we may collect could consist of any of the following:
INFORMATION YOU DIRECTLY PROVIDE TO US
This could consist of things like your name, email address, mailing address or a phone number that you give to use via our website, telephonically or otherwise. (Of course, you are free to visit our website without entering any of that information.) In connection with a loan application or transaction, you might enter additional information, which could include your social security number, your financial information, email addresses and phone numbers, etc.
LOG FILES
Like many other web sites, Lendia’s website makes use of log files. These files merely log visitors to the site — usually a standard procedure for hosting companies and a part of hosting service’s analytics. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
COOKIES AND WEB BEACONS
Our website uses cookies to store information about visitors’ preferences, to record user-specific information on which pages the site visitor accesses or visits, and to personalize or customize our web page content based upon visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser. The cookies we may use could be session ID cookies, which expire when you close your browser, or persistent cookies, which may remain on your hard drive for a period of time. If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at your browser’s web site. As discussed below, various third parties may also use cookies, web beacons or other mechanisms to obtain information about you. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies and other similar mechanisms by these third parties, except to the extent we may provide links to their privacy policies (discussed below).
USER INFORMATION
We also may collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies. We and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies that automatically (or passively) store or collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the company (“Usage Information”). This Usage Information may be stored or accessed using a variety of technologies that may be downloaded to your personal computer, browser, laptop, tablet, mobile phone or other device (a “Device”) whenever you visit or interact with us. The Usage Information may include, but is not limited to, your browser type, operating system, software version, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address or other unique identifier for your Device, Device location and other Device characteristics. Various methods and technologies to store or collect Usage Information may be used such as cookies and web beacons (also see above section on cookies and web beacons). You may adjust your browser or operating system settings to limit this tracking or to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on the company site or take full advantage of all of our offerings. Check the “Help” menu of your browser or operating system to learn how to adjust your tracking settings or cookie preferences. Please note that our system may not respond to Do Not Track requests or headers from some or all browsers.
OUR ADVERTISING PARTNERS
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology in their respective advertisements and links that appear on our web site and which are sent directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on the site. Lendia has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by any third-party advertisers. You should consult the respective privacy policies of third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Lendia’s Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
OTHER THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS
From time to time, Lendia may use services provided by third-parties to enhance the user experience for its web sites, improve the performance of its web site, to understand more about its site visitors, or to otherwise assist Lendia in improving or making decisions about its marketing and business operations. These third-party service providers may also collect information from your browser, and may use cookies, web beacons, or other mechanisms to do so.
HOW LENDIA MAY USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION
PERSONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Any personal financial information you share with us (e.g., social security numbers, financial information, and credit card numbers) will be saved, if at all, on a secured website and/or server. This information will only be available to our employees and affiliates, persons or entities providing services in connection with your loan or other transaction that have a need to know the information, entities that may acquire or service your loan, or our attorneys, accountants and auditors, all of whom agree to and are bound to keep your information secure and confidential. We may also provide your personal financial information to government agencies to fulfill legal, reporting and regulatory requirements, or in response to government authorized requests for information (like subpoenas or civil investigative demands).
OTHER NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION
We may share some of the non-public information we collect about you with third parties, like companies performing services on our behalf, so long as those parties agree to keep your information confidential. We may also release your non-public information when we believe the release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety. Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURES
Lendia does not track its customers over time and across third party websites, and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. However, Lendia may use third-party services or have third-party advertising partners who may keep track of your browsing activities.
CONSENT
By using our website or transacting business with our company, you hereby consent to this privacy policy and agree to its terms. If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us at 949-333-4636.
CALIFORNIA
Other important information for California residents.
If you are a California resident, you have the right to receive:
1. Information identifying any third party company(ies) to whom we may have disclosed, within the past calendar year, personal information pertaining to you and your family for the company’s provision of services or marketing purposes; and
2. A description of the categories of personal information disclosed.
To obtain such information you must make a request in writing. Your request must include your name registration (email address), the site name you visited and a return address or it will not be processed. We will not honor such requests more than once per calendar year. Requests made via email will not be accepted. Please mail your request to the address listed below:
Lendia, Inc.
1913 E. 17th St, Suite 109
Santa Ana, CA 92705
Get Your Rate
Quote Today
Whether it's time to buy or refi, we're here to help you take the next step. Use one of our quick & easy tools to find out what you qualify for!
Purchase Rates
Refinance Rates
2020 Mortgage Loan Limits For
Conventional, FHA, & VA Loans
Mortgage loan limits for every U.S. county, as published by Fannie Mae & Freddie Mac, the Federal Housing Administration (FHA), and the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA)
SEARCH
Connect with a Lendia Professional Today!
(949) 333-4636
Copyright © 2020 Lendia. All rights reserved.