http://lenticularpromo.com/terms_privacy.asp
Skip to content
What is Lenticular?
Artwork Requirements
Lenticular Printing: Offset vs. Digital
Artwork Upload
Request a Quote
Request Samples
Press Release
Catalogs
Portfolio
E-Flyers
Glossary
#
3D Anaglyph
3D Depth Effect
3D Lenticular Print
A
Animation
Autostereoscopy
B
Backlit Poster
Banding
Binocular Disparity
Bleed-Through
C
Checkerboard Banding
CMYK
Color Leakage
Cross Talk
Custom Lenticular
D
Dimensions of A Format Lenticular Print Sizes
Direct printing
DPI
E
F
Filler Space
Flip Effect
G
Gauge
Ghosting
H
Head to Head
Head to Toe
Hologram
Holography
I
Interlacing
J
K
Keyplane
Kiss Die Cut
L
Lamination
Lens Direction
Lenticular
Lenticular Art
Lenticular Bookmarks
Lenticular Business Card
Lenticular Camera
Lenticular Car Magnet
Lenticular Cards
Lenticular Cloud
Lenticular Clouds
Lenticular Cups
Lenticular Effects
Lenticular film
Lenticular Gang Run
Lenticular Images
Lenticular Lapel Pin
Lenticular Lenses
Lenticular Lenses
Lenticular Magnet
Lenticular Magnetic Strip
Lenticular Packaging
Lenticular Plastic
Lenticular Postcards
Lenticular Poster
Lenticular Print
Lenticular Printing
Lenticular Puzzle
Lenticular Screen
Lenticular Sheet
Lenticular Software
Lenticular Tv
Lenticule(s)
LPI
M
Magnet
Mil 1/1000 Inch
Morph Effect
N
Narrow-Angle Lens
O
Offset Printing
P
Paper Weight Conversion Table
Parallax
PET
Pitch
Pitchtest
Pixel
Point
Portrait
PPI
Print Lenticular
Printer's Proof
Printing Lenticular
PVC
Q
R
Radio Frequency Welding (RF)
Radius
Refractive Index
Registration
RGB
S
Screen Angle
Slicing
T
Target Resolution
U
V
View Frames
Viewing Angle
Viewing Distance
W
Wide Angle Lens
X
Y
Z
Zoom Effect
Contact Us
FAQ
Lenticular Printing Blog
Products
Address Books
Admission Passes / Tickets
Appliques / Patches
Back to School
Badges w/ Safety Pins
Bookmarks
Bottle Openers
Acrylic Case
Bottle and Can Opener
Metal Cased
Metal Cased with Keychain
Plastic Cased with Magnet
Business Card Cases
Business Card Files
72 Cards Capacity
96 Card Capacity
Lenticular Business Card File - 128 Card Capacity
Business Card Holders
Business Cards
Acrylic Business Card Key Chain
Magnetic Business Card
PET Business Card
PVC Business Card
Buttons
Circle, 2" Diameter
Rectangle - Buttons - 2"x3"
Round, 3" Diameter
Calendar Wallet Cards
Can Openers
CD Case/ Wallets
24 CD Capacity
CD Case/ Wallet for 20 CD's
CD/ DVD Cover Inserts
Cell Phone / iPad / iPod Accessories
iPad 2 & 3 cases
Samsung Galaxy S4
iPhone Cases and Skins
Lenticular iPhone 4 Cases
Lenticular iPhone 4 Skins
Lenticular iPhone Cases
Lenticular iPhone Skins
Checkbook Covers
Clips
Coasters
Coin Purses
Round
Squeeze-Top
Counter Cards / POP Signs
Credit Card Holders
Custom Products
Address Books
Admission Pass
Badges w/ Safety Pins
Bottle Opener
Business Card
Business Card Case
Business Card File
Business Card Holder
Business Card Key Chain
Buttons
Calendar
Can Opener
CD Case/ Wallet
CD/ DVD Cover Insert
Checkbook Cover
Coaster
Coin Bank
Coin Purse
Cosmetic Case
Desk Memo Box
Display and Fixtures
Door Hanger
Gift Cards
Greeting Cards
ID ATM Credit Card Holder
Key Chain
Key Holder/ Wallet
Key Tag
Luggage Tag
Lenticular Privacy Tags (LT12 Series)
Magnet
Mouse Pads
Notebook
Pencil Box
Pencil Case
Pencil Pouch
Photo Album
Pins
POP Signs
Postcard
Purse
Puzzle Games
Rulers
Sticker
Sun Visor
T-Shirt
Zipper Pullers
Decals
Dog Tags
Door Hangers
Folders
Gift Cards
Greeting Cards
Christmas Cards
Birthday
New Years
Key Chains / Tags
Acrylic Case
Bottle Opener Backing
EVA Foam Base
Key Tags
Metallic Case
PVC Plastic
Soft Zipper Pouch
Lapel Pins
Luggage Tags
Flip-Flop Shaped (LTFF Series)
Lenticular Privacy Tags (LT11 Series)
Rectangle Shaped Acrylic (LT70 Series)
Rectangle Shaped PET Plastic (LT01 Series) - Our Best Seller!
Rectangle Shaped PVC Vinyl (LT04 Series)
Round Shaped (LT40 Series)
Sports Arch Shaped (LTSP)
Surf Board Shaped (LTSB Series)
T-Shirt Shaped (LTST Series)
Luggage Tag Mailer
Magnets
Magnetic Strips
Acrylic Framed
Business Card Size
Car Magnets
Flexible Rubber
Metal Cased, Round
Photo Frames
Plastic Clips
Souvenir Magnets
Mirrors
Circle, 2.25" Diameter
Circle, 3" Diameter
Rectangle, 2"x3"
Mouse Pads
Notebooks / Journals
4 1/8" x 5 11/16"
4 3/8" x 6 1/8"
5" x 7"
5" x 8"
6 1/2" x 9 1/4"
8 1/2" x 11"
Mini Notebook
Notepads
Pocket Notebook
Packaging
Tissue Boxes
Pencil Cases
Lenticular Globo
Lenticular Sobre
Lenticular Pencil Boxes
Lenticular Pencil Pouches
Photo Albums
Pill / Vitamins Organizer
Plastic Cards
Access Key Cards
Postcards
Posters
Purses
Pavia Purse
Prado Purse
Roma Purse
Puzzle Games
Real Estate
Bookmark
Business Card
Key Chain
Luggage Tag
Magnet
Postcard
Rulers
12" Rulers
Acrylic
PET
18" Rulers
6" Rulers
Acrylic
PET
Acrylic Rulers
Conversion Rulers
PET Rulers
Signs
Stickers
Lenticular Wine Label
T-Shirts
Zipper Pulls
Nav Menu 3
Nav Menu 4
Nav Menu 5
Nav Menu 6
Nav Menu 7
Nav Menu 8
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.
When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.
Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.How do we protect visitor information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.Do we use "cookies"?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include Lantor, Ltd.. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.Third party linksIn an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).Changes to our policyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on August 16, 2006.Questions and feedbackWe welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.Online Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.Your consentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.