https://leonardlowy.co.uk/privacy-policy-data-protection
HomePRIVACY POLICY & DATA PROTECTION
PRIVACY POLICY & DATA PROTECTION
As used in this Privacy Policy, the terms “we” / “us”/ “our” refer to Leonard Lowy & Co., Solicitors.
The internet is not a secure medium. We are committed to preserving the privacy of visitors to this Website. We endeavour to ensure that your information is secure and to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure by putting in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
The collection and processing of personal data is now governed by the Data Protection Act 2018 and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
We do not automatically collect personal information from you through our Website. However, like all websites our servers automatically collect certain information relating to the extent and nature of website traffic, the type of browser and operating system that you use, and the domain name of your internet service provider. We cannot identify you from this information.
Under GDPR, we are a ‘data controller’, which means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal data about you. We may obtain personal data about you, for example, when you engage us to provide our services and also during the period of our retainer, or when you contact us by email, telephone or post (e.g. to enquire about our services), or from third parties (e.g. other professionals engaged by you) or from publicly available resources (e.g. Companies House).We use information that you specifically provide to us or which we otherwise acquire primarily for the provision of legal services to you and for related purposes, including
Updating and enhancing client records
Analysis to help us manage our practice
Statutory returns
Legal and regulatory compliance.
We may process your personal data supplied in the course of the provision of our services. This may include your contact details and details of the matter on which we are instructed. This data may be processed for the purpose of providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. We may disclose your personal data to other professional advisers appointed by you to advise on any matter on which we are instructed. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, to enable us to fulfil our instructions from you, and/or consent if specifically sought from and given by you.
If you are not already a client of our practice we may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us about the provision of our services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, to enable us to respond to your enquiry and to check for any potential conflict of interests.
We may process any such data where required in connection with the institution, defence or conduct of actual or potential legal claims, or in order to comply with a legal obligation to which we may be subject. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, to protect our and/or your interests and/or the interests of some other person.
We may process personal data where required for the purpose of obtaining any relevant insurance cover, managing risks, or seeking professional advice. In that regard, we may disclose your personal data to our insurers or prospective insurers and/or to our professional advisers to the extent reasonably required for insurance purposes, obtaining professional advice, or dealing with actual or potential legal claims. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, so as to be able to respond to appropriate requests for information from actual and prospective insurers, professional advisers and others in the furtherance of your and/or our interests and/or the interests of some other person.
Personal data that we process for any purpose will not be retained for longer than is reasonably necessary for that purpose, having regard to all relevant factors including (without limitation) the nature of your instructions, the duration of those instructions and any specific indication received from you as to the likelihood (or otherwise) of our receiving further instructions from you in the future. Given the nature of the solicitor / client relationship it may not always be possible for us to specify the precise period for which such data will be retained but we shall follow any recommendations and best practice guidance of our professional body in that respect.
You have the following rights under GDPR:
the right to be informed; the right to be given information about how your data is being processed, and why.
the right to access; confirmation of whether or not we process your personal data and, if so, access to that data together with details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of data and the recipients of that personal data. So long as the rights of others are not thereby affected, we will supply you on request with a copy of your personal data without undue delay.
the right to rectification; the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and/or to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
the right to erasure (also known as “the right to be forgotten”); except where processing is necessary, e.g. in relation to legal obligations or legal claims you have the right to the erasure of your personal data if, for example, the personal data are no longer necessary for the purpose for which collected or originally processed, or if you withdraw any previously-given consent to such processing, or if you object to processing under any applicable data protection legislation or for direct marketing purposes, or if your personal data has been unlawfully processed.
the right to restrict processing; except where processing is necessary, e.g. in relation to legal obligations or legal claims you have the right to restrict processing for any of the above reasons as an alternative to erasure, or during any period that an objection to processing is being considered.
the right to object to processing; the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds based on your particular situation, subject to overriding public interest or other compelling legitimate grounds or in relation to legal claims.
the right to data portability; the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, subject to this not adversely affecting the rights of other persons.
the right not to be subject to automated decision-making including profiling; meaning, any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person’s performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour location or movements.
the right to complain to a supervisory authority; if you believe that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection legislation, you may lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory data protection authority either in the EU member state in which you live, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
the right to withdraw consent; if and where the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time but this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before our receipt of your notice of withdrawal.
Should you wish to exercise any of your rights under GDPR you may do so in writing to us by any form of verifiable physical delivery (e.g. Special Delivery, “Signed For”) to us at Leonard Lowy & Co., Daws House, 33-35 Daws Lane, London, NW7 4SD.
SECURITY
We may use cookies on certain areas of this Website for security purposes. We do not use cookies to collect information about you. You can choose to disable the cookies from your browser and delete all the cookies currently stored on your computer. Please refer to the information supplied with your particular web browser software for details of how to do this. Disabling cookies may restrict your use of this Website. The Website may contain links that make it easy for users to visit other websites. If you use such a link to leave our Website and visit a website operated by a third party, we do not have any control over that website. Accordingly, we cannot be responsible for the protection or privacy of any information provided whilst visiting such a third party website. You should always check the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
This website is owned and operated by Leonard Lowy & Co., Solicitors.
Our principal place of business is at Daws House, 33-35 Daws Lane, London, NW7 4SD.
We are authorised and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority, No.300385.
You may contact us by post to the above address, by telephone on the number shown on this website, by email to the address shown on this website from time to time or to any other personal email address that we may supply to you from time to time.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks