https://lgearbudpromotion.com/terms-conditions
Home
About LG TONE Free HBS-FN4
FAQ
Terms & Conditions
LG Authorized Dealers
Contact us
LG Qualified TV Bundle Promotion
Terms & Conditions
End-user consumers purchasing one (1) eligible model of LG OLED TV between August 3, 2020 and now extended through October 4, 2020 (the "Program Period") at Authorized LG Dealers in the 50 U.S. states, D.C., or P.R. during the Program Period (defined below) will be eligible to receive the free LG TONE Free Earbud HBS-FN4.ACUSBKI subject to the terms and conditions below.
For the purposes of this promotional offer, qualifying LG OLED TVs refers to all new in-box items.
Open box items, refurbished models and display units are not eligible.
The maximum number of products in the same household allowed to qualify for this rebate is one (1).
Except as otherwise required by law, this promotional offer is limited to one (1) LG TONE Free Earbud HBS-FN4.ACUSBKI per household on qualifying purchases made between August 3, 2020 and now extended through October 4, 2020 (the "Program Period").
Purchase date is determined by date printed on paid invoice.
Purchase price is actual net price paid on receipt after any discounts and excludes sales tax, installation, disposal or any other fees.
Consumers may submit claims online to LG Electronics U.S.A., Inc. at: www.lgearbudpromotion.com.
Consumers must upload and submit the following proof of purchase, (1) one (1) original, dated sales receipt of eligible product purchased from Authorized LG Dealers dated during the Program Period between August 3, 2020 and now extended through October 4, 2020,
and (2) valid manufacturer serial number. For a list of Authorized LG Dealers, please visit:
https://www.lg.com/us/authorizeddealers/lg_online_authorized_retailers
Online submissions must be received by 11:59 PM Pacific Time on
November 3, 2020. Omission of the sales receipt or other requested
information (i.e., serial numbers) may delay or stop the processing of
this promotional offer. No group or organization requests will be
honored. Requests for fulfillment to PO Boxes will not be accepted.
This promotional offer is stackable with TV Gift Card offers, and TV
Instant Rebate offers during the Program Period, but is not combinable
with any other special programs or rebates. Purchased merchandise must
not be returned or else rebate will be subject to forfeiture.
Duplicate submissions of official form or cash register receipt will
not be accepted. Illegible or incomplete requests will not be honored.
Promotional offer void where prohibited, taxed or restricted by law.
Online purchases from internet auction sites or purchases of
refurbished or reconditioned merchandise are not eligible for this
promotional offer. Promotional offer is not valid on free, giveaway,
or other complimentary promotional merchandise. Valid only in the
fifty (50) states, District of Columbia and Puerto Rico.
All claim redemptions must be submitted on www.lgearbudpromotion.com
by 11:59 PM Pacific Time on November 3, 2020. Consumer will be
notified via e-mail when redemption submission is completed, the
submission is reviewed and approved or rejected (reason for rejection
to be provided), and submission tracking number is generated with
tracking details. Purchased merchandise must not be returned or else
rebate will be subject to forfeiture. Duplicate submissions of
official form or cash register receipt will not be accepted.
Promotional offer is not valid on free, giveaway, or other
complimentary promotional merchandise.
LG Electronics U.S.A., Inc. is not responsible for late, lost,
mutilated, stolen, misdirected or postage-due requests or mail,
computer system, phone line, hardware, software or program
malfunctions, or other errors, failures or delays in computer
transmissions or network connections that are human or technical in
nature.
Please see the privacy policy located at https://www.lg.com/us/privacy for details of LG Electronics U.S.A., Inc.’s policy regarding the use of personal information collected in connection with this promotional offer.
LG Electronics U.S.A., Inc. reserves the right at its sole discretion, to disqualify any individual (and all of his or her claims) who tampers with the claim submission process. Use of fictitious names or addresses could result in federal prosecution for U.S. mail fraud.
LG Electronics U.S.A., Inc. reserves all rights, including the right to modify, limit, or terminate the offer without notice, and to substitute an item of equal or greater value, or as otherwise required by law.
Offer valid while supplies last.
Please allow 6-12 weeks from date of validation of the claim for processing, or as otherwise required by law. For the rebate status, please check online at www.lgearbudpromotion.com, call customer service 888-885-0828 or e-mail support@lgearbudpromotion.com.
This official promotional program is subject to change or cancellation without prior notice.
Eligible Model List:
OLED88ZXPUA
OLED77ZXPUA
OLED65WXPUA
OLED77GXPUA
OLED65GXPUA
OLED55GXPUA
OLED77CXPUA
OLED65CXPUA
OLED55CXPUA
OLED48CXPUB
OLED77CXAUA
OLED65CXAUA
OLED55CXAUA
OLED48CXAUB