http://lgedesignbuild.com/privacy-policy
Design Group
Careers
CONTACT
480.966.4001 AZ . 469.498.0998 TX.
Portfolio
View All
Industrial
Office
Retail / Restaurant
Mixed-Use
Educational
Adaptive Reuse / TI
Medical
CONTACT
Reach out to us!
FIRST NAME*
LAST NAME*
EMAIL*
COMPANY*
NOTES
SUBSCRIBE TO NEWSLETTER
Please leave this field empty.
INFO@LGEDESIGNBUILD.COM
480.966.4001 AZ . 469.498.0998 TX.
1200 N 52ND ST
PHOENIX, AZ 85008
LGE Privacy Policy
LGE is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement (the “Statement”) describes the information LGE collects from and about you through the LGE Website, [insert the name any other program we use to collect data] (collectively, the "LGE Programs") and how we use the information we collect. By using the LGE Programs, you consent to the data practices described in this Statement.
This Privacy Statement does not cover the practices of companies that LGE does not own or control, or individuals that LGE does not manage. As we explain below, your Personal Information will be used to deliver and improve our services. This Privacy Statement may change over time, so it is important that you review this Statement regularly to learn about how LGE collects and uses your information.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement, please Contact Us info@lgedesignbuild.com
The Information LGE Collects
When you use the LGE Programs, we collect Personal Information you provide, such as your name, email address, date of birth, phone-number, and geo-location (to the extent you consent to providing it through the use of LGE Programs). In addition, we will collect information you generate through your use of the website. The website collects information that is automatically generated, such as the type of device you are using, your device’s operating system, your IP Address, the browser you are using, the way you interact with our services, and the referring website URL.
We also use automated collection tools, such as "cookies," to gather information from you while you are using the Website. A cookie is a small
ì le stored on your computer that lets us know you have visited our Website before. Cookies allow us to facilitate your access to these services, enhance your experience, and collect statistical information about the use of the Website. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually adjust your browser’s settings to decline cookies or otherwise modify your browser’s interactions with cookies. If you choose to disable cookies, it is possible that some of our Website’s features may not function properly.
Do Not Track
Some browsers and operating systems have a "do not track" feature that lets you indicate that you do not wish to have your online activities tracked. These features are not yet uniform, so we do not currently respond to such features or signals. Therefore, if you select or turn on a "do not track" feature in your web browser or block or delete tracking cookies, we and our third-party providers may continue collecting information about your online activities as described in this Privacy Statement.
Notice to Non-US Users
If you are located outside the United States of America and are using the LGE Programs, you should be aware that your Personal Information will be transferred to the United States of America, the laws of which may be deemed by your country to have inadequate data protection. If you are located in a country outside the United States of America and voluntarily submit Personal Information to us, you thereby consent to the general use of such information as provided in this Statement and to the transfer of that information to, and/or storage of that information in, the United States of America.
How LGE Uses Your Information
LGE collects and uses your Personal Information to operate the LGE Programs and to deliver and improve our services. We also use your Personal Information to inform you of other products and services available from LGE and all affiliated third-parties. LGE uses information regarding your use of the Website to determine which LGE services are the most popular or to deliver customized content and advertising within the Website and LGE locations.
LGE may also utilize your Personal Information to request that you participate in surveys regarding your opinion of our current services or potential new services that we may offer.
Similarly, we may use your Personal Information to contact you in connection with your use of the website or on behalf of our business partners about a particular product or service offering that may be of interest to you.
Disclosure of Your Information
LGE does not sell, or rent your Personal Information to third-parties. We may, however, share Personal Information with third-parties we engage for the purpose of providing our services to you, such as sending emails or postal mail, providing customer support, or arranging for deliveries. From time to time, we may partner with third-parties to analyze data related to the LGE Programs for purposes including but not limited to evaluating usage of our services or administering and improving our Programs.
Except for the ways outlined in this Privacy Statement, LGE will not disclose Personal Information to any third-party unless we are required to do so by law or if we believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with a court order or other legal process served on us or assist government enforcement agencies; (b) investigate or prevent suspected illegal activities or protect the security and integrity of LGE (c) enforce this Privacy Statement, our Terms of Service, or other such binding agreements; (d) take precautions against liability, investigate or defend against any third-party claims or allegations; or (e) exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of LGE, its employees, customers, or the public.
Security of Your Personal Information
LGE takes security measures— physical, electronic, and procedural— to help defend against the unauthorized access and disclosure of your Personal Information. Despite these precautions, however, no system can be completely secure and there remains a risk that unauthorized access or use, hardware or software failure, human error, or a number of other factors may compromise the security of your Personal Information. While we strive to protect your Personal Information, LGE cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or through the LGE Programs.
Children Under the Age of Thirteen
LGE does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of thirteen.
Changes to this Statement
LGE will occasionally update this Privacy Statement to reflect LGE’s privacy and data security practices. LGE encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how LGE is collecting, utilizing, and protecting your Personal Information.
Contact Information
LGE welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Statement. Write to us at info@lgedesignbuild.com
“Fantastic architectural and construction firm. LGE cares about the communities in which they operate.”
Skyline Education
“Over the span of a decade and several large-scale projects, they went above and beyond to ensure our projects are completed on time and under budget.”
Adelante Healthcare
“Single stop for architectural design, carrying through the process of approvals and well-organized, well-trained employees.”
Silagi Development & Management, Inc.
“LGE Design Build has a vision. We trust them as a knowledgeable partner and the employees as talented individuals.”
MJA Investments, Inc.
“Highly recommend LGE Design Build for all stages of planning, design, and construction for their
superior qualifications and company culture of excellence.”
Adelante Healthcare
BACK
NEXT