https://limes.us/privacy-policy/
About Saint Astier® NHL
What is Natural Hydraulic Lime?
What Makes NHL “Green”?
Why Use Saint Astier® Pure and Natural Hydraulic Lime?
Video About St. Astier NHL
Certificate of Conformity with European Norm EN-459
Technical Info
A Basic Guide to the Specifier
Lifecycle of Natural Hydraulic Lime
Hydraulicity & Properties
Composition of Raw Material
Mineralogy & Chemistry of Raw Materials
Tests & Research
Lime Binders in Context
Simplified Composition of Lime Binders
Quality Control & Testing Program
Health Product Declaration
Applications
Restoration
Plaster or Stucco on Wooden Lath
Plaster or Stucco on Metal Lath
Plaster or Stucco on Masonry – Block, Brick, Stone
Plaster or Stucco on Adobe, Cob
Masonry – Pointing & Repointing
Masonry – Injection Grouting
Masonry – Stone Repair (Lithomex)
Lime Paint
New Build Sustainable Construction
Plaster or Stucco on Wooden Lath
Plaster or Stucco on Metal Lath
Plaster or Stucco on Masonry – Block, Brick, Stone
Plaster or Stucco on Adobe, Cob, Earth Plaster
Plaster or Stucco on Strawbale
Plaster or Stucco on Concrete, Cement
Masonry – Cladding
Masonry – Bedding & Grouting
Flooring
Tile Setting
Interior Finishes
Lime Paint
Hemp Construction
Products
Natural Hydraulic Lime (NHL)
EcoMortar®
Stone Repair, Lithomex
Lime Putty, Décorchaux
Decofond
Venetian Plaster, Decoliss
Lime Paint
Batichanvre
Coulinex
Black Soap
Projects
Featured Projects
Restoration
Plaster or Stucco on Masonry – Block, Brick, Stone
Plaster or Stucco on Adobe, Cob
Masonry – Pointing & Repointing
Masonry – Bedding, Grouting, Injection
Masonry – Stone Repair (Lithomex)
Lime Paint
Interior Finishes
Art & Frescos
New Build Sustainable Construction
Plaster or Stucco on Metal Lath
Plaster or Stucco on Masonry – Block, Brick, Stone
Plaster or Stucco on Adobe, Cob, Earth Plaster
Plaster or Stucco on Strawbale
Masonry – Bedding, Grouting
Lime Paint
Hemp Construction
Restoration & Preservation
Archeological Preservation
Worldwide Buildings & Institutions
News & Blog
Resources
Related Products & Websites
Workshops
Research Papers
Frequently Asked Questions
Shop
Home / Privacy PolicyTransMineral USA, Inc. Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from https://limes.us (the “Site”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
– “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
– “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
– “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
– Articles on this site may include “embedded content” (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers, email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information.”
If you use our Contact Us form, we also collect information so we may respond to your inquiry. This information includes your name, email address and message. This information is not stored on the Site, but is relayed directly to our site via email.
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
WHAT WE COLLECT AND STORE IF YOU SHOP OUR ONLINE STORE
What we collect and store
While you visit our site, we’ll track:
Products you’ve viewed: we’ll use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewed
Location, IP address and browser type: we’ll use this for purposes like estimating taxes and shipping
Shipping address: we’ll ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, estimate shipping before you place an order, and send you the order!
We’ll also use cookies to keep track of cart contents while you’re browsing our site.
When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:
Send you information about your account and order
Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints
Process payments and prevent fraud
Set up your account for our store
Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes
Improve our store offerings
Send you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them
If you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders.
We generally store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it.
This includes your name, email address and billing and shipping addresses.
We will also store comments or reviews, if you choose to leave them.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you;
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and when in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR DATA
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site–you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We also use a third party to process our credit card transactions.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
SECURITY LOGS
The IP address of visitors, user ID of logged in users, and username of login attempts are conditionally logged to check for malicious activity and to protect the site from specific kinds of attacks. Examples of conditions when logging occurs include login attempts, log out requests, requests for suspicious URLs, changes to site content, and password updates. This information is retained for 60 days.
Who we share your data with
This site is scanned for potential malware and vulnerabilities by Sucuri’s SiteCheck. We do not send personal information to Sucuri; however, Sucuri could find personal information posted publicly (such as in comments) during their scan. For more details, please see Sucuri’s privacy policy.
How long we retain your data
Security logs are retained for 60 days.
Where we send your data
This site is part of a network of sites that protect against distributed brute force attacks. To enable this protection, the IP address of visitors attempting to log into the site is shared with a service provided by ithemes.com. For privacy policy details, please see the iThemes Privacy Policy.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
The Site is scanned regularly for Malware and security holes. We use measures to safeguard your information and the Site. We cannot 100% guarantee the security of your information, but will take all reasonable steps to do so.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at webmaster@limes.us or by mail using the details provided below:
201 Purrington Rd., Petaluma, CA, 94952, United States
Updated: 6/29/2018
About TransMineral
TransMineral, USA was established in 1997 by Michel Couvreux, an architect in France and the U.S. His familiarity with traditional “old world” building techniques and materials have been instrumental in their revitalization in the U.S. along with his stewardship of implanting Saint Astier® Natural Hydraulic Lime in the North American building sector.
Quick Links
Distributors
Frequently Asked Questions
Customer Service
Legal Notes
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
Connect With Us:
FacebookPinterestYouTube