https://lindensigns.org/cookie-policy/
Skip to contentCookie PolicyUsing cookies within a website in the UK (GDPR regulations) requires us to state cookies are used (for example to enable a secure https:// SSL certification). Without them a website won’t function properly.   We are advised to include the following statement:By using this website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to cookies in accordance with the terms stated below.About cookiesCookies are files, often including unique identifiers, that are sent by web servers to web browsers, and which may then be sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.Cookies can be used by web servers to identify and track users as they navigate different pages on a website, and to identify users returning to a website.Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies. A persistent cookie consists of a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, which will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date). A session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.How we use cookiesCookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you, but personal information that is stored about you may be linked, by us, to the information stored in and obtained from cookies. The cookies used on the website include those which are strictly necessary cookies for access and navigation, cookies that track usage (performance cookies), remember your choices (functionality cookies), and cookies that provide you with targeted content or advertising.We may use the information we obtain from your use of our cookies for the following purposes:to recognise your computer when you visit the websiteto track you as you navigate the website, and to enable the use of any e-commerce facilitiesto improve the website’s usabilityto analyse the use of the websitein the administration of the websiteBlocking cookiesMost browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. For example:in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector;in Firefox you can block all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, and un-checking “Accept cookies from sites” in the “Privacy” box.in Google Chrome you can adjust your cookie permissions by clicking “Options”, “Under the hood”, Content Settings in the “Privacy” section. Click on the Cookies tab in the Content Settings.Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites. If you block cookies, you may not be able to use certain features on the website (log on, access content, use search functions).Deleting cookiesYou can also delete cookies already stored on your computer:in Internet Explorer, you must manually delete cookie files;in Firefox, you can delete cookies by, first ensuring that cookies are to be deleted when you “clear private data” (this setting can be changed by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Settings” in the “Private Data” box) and then clicking “Clear private data” in the “Tools” menu.in Google Chrome you can adjust your cookie permissions by clicking “Options”, “Under the hood”, Content Settings in the “Privacy” section. Click on the Cookies tab in the Content Settings.Doing this may have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.Contact usThe website is owned and operated by Linden Signs Limited, a company registered in England under company number 004951321 with a registered office at 132 Nottingham Road Ripley Derbyshire DE5 3AX. Our VAT number is GB 657 9459 72.If you have any questions or comments about this Notice, or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please email:  info@lindensigns.org.This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read More RejectPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.All Sign Images ©2020 Linden Signs Ltd