http://lingua-pro.com/privacy-policy/
Home » Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
“You/Your” means you, the user of this web site.
Your personal information and other information is collected by LinguaPRO (“we” and “our”), and this document explains our practices regarding the collection of information that can personally identify you and/or your company. The data controller in relation to personal information is Notburga Preining.
Your data is safe with us.
Consent to collection and use of your Information
If you give us or we hold your personal information, this indicates that you consent to our use of it, and we will treat it, in accordance with this policy. We respect your privacy and the choices you make about how you want us to contact you.
We collect the following types of information:
Personally, Identifying Information. We may collect personal contact information such as your name, address, company name and address, contact details including your e-mail address, employer details, and position.
Account Information. This includes shipping and billing information. We may also record any preferences you have, such as services regularly ordered and terms of payment. With this information, we can fulfil your orders and better provide you with personalised services.
Transactions. We maintain records which show the products and services you have requested and/or been supplied with. Information about particular transactions is maintained in our databases in the same or similar manner as such information is maintained for transactions which are done by telephone, fax, etc.
E-mail Correspondence. Your e-mail address is used to raise and respond to issues and enquiries of all types and to keep in contact with you generally. It is also used to distribute information about us and market our products and services as mentioned below.
Other personal information contained in documents requiring translation. This may include, without limitation, information about knowledge and beliefs, personal preferences, historical information, financial data, medical and health data, information about a person’s educational and professional career.
Uses of your personal information
We will use your personal information for normal business purposes such as fulfilling purchase orders, to communicate with you about orders, the uses set out below and other uses reasonably contemplated at the time we collected the information.
We will also use it to provide you with marketing and promotional materials of, including, without limitation; our services, products, system updates, newsletter, promotions, events we think are useful to you.
We may also use personal information to establish a profile for you or your company, or collectively for some or all of our customers, to help us make business decisions like: product development, improving quality of customer service, matching you with the ideal teacher/student.
LinguaPRO uses customer contact information to personalise the types of information you receive from us, to determine customer satisfaction with products and/or services we have provided and to improve the operation of our business delivery to you.
We will also use it for internal business purposes including: aggregating information for effective data management, to understand your needs, improving security of data, for statistical analysis, devising, deploying and measuring marketing campaigns and for other reasonable business purposes and operational efficiency improvement.
Personal information contained in documents requiring translation – we will only use this information for the purpose of translating the document.
In the event of any prospective or actual merger, business sale or re-organisation we may share personal information with the other party or parties involved in the course of such merger, business sale or re-organisation negotiations or processes and transfer such personal information to the merged entity or any member(s) of it, the business acquirer or the relevant party(ies) following re-organisation.
By giving (your) personal information to us you unambiguously, freely and with full knowledge of what we may use your personal and other information for agree that we may collect and use such personal information and other information in accordance with the terms and conditions of this policy. Where the law requires you to opt in before we can use your personal information for any particular purpose we will not use your personal information for such purpose unless you give opt in consent for it.
Consent to export of your Information
All information you give to us, including personally identifying information, may be transferred to sub-contractors out of the EU for the purposes set out in this policy. By providing us with your personal information you unambiguously consent to the transfer of your personal information and other information out of the EU.
Retention of your Information
The personal information you provide is retained for only as long as there is a legitimate business or legal requirement to do so. We may store your personal data for up to 15 years.
We may remove information when it becomes out of date or inaccurate or when properly requested by you (subject to any legal duty we may have to preserve it).
We may store translations for a period of up to 25 years.
For detailed information about how long your data is kept please contact us to request our data retention schedule at hello@lingua-pro.com.
Protection of your information
We protect the personal information you share with us. Access to your personal information is limited only to our employees, and/or authorised third parties who need it for or in relation to the purposes referred to in this Privacy Notice including, without limitation, third party contractors. To prevent unauthorised access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure proper use of your information, we and our IT contractors and sub-contractors have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
Third parties and your Information
Except as specifically described in this Privacy Notice Policy, we will not, without your specific prior consent, sell, trade or transfer your information to third parties other than authorised third parties (such, for example, contractors operating our IT services) and others involved in the supply and distribution chain (e.g. vendors, suppliers), which may need access to some of your personal information. For example, if we ship an order to you, we must share your name and address with a shipping company. We oblige such third parties to comply with our privacy policy and limit their access and use of your personal information. If you have any questions relating to the transfer of your personal data to the third parties described in this Privacy Notice Policy, please contact us at hello@lingua-pro.com.
Disclosures required by law
Occasionally, we may be required by law enforcement, government contract administrators, and/or judicial authorities to provide personally identifiable information to the appropriate governmental or regulatory authorities under applicable law or regulation. We will disclose personally identifiable information upon receipt of a court order, subpoena, or if required to cooperate with law enforcement investigations. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful to the extent permitted by law.
Accessing, Rectifying, Erasing, Restricting Processing and Updating Information
Please notify us of any changes in your name, address, title, telephone number or e-mail address. You can correct your personally identifiable information yourself by contacting us with a request for change. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of certain transaction information, such as past purchases, and other similar information, for legal compliance purposes (including company bookkeeping), we may not be able to delete certain information. If information we hold appears to be inaccurate we will block its use until the position is verified to our satisfaction.
You may also ask for a copy of the personal information we hold about you/your company, at no additional cost.
If you have any questions relating to this Privacy Notice or relating to the transfer of your personal data, please contact us.
If you do not agree to this Privacy Notice Policy, please do not provide us with your information.
We reserve the right to change the Policy intermittently at our discretion. We will notify all of our website visitors of the policy change. We will also post a link to any amended policy on each email we send to you.
Contact Information
LinguaPRO Languages and Communication
hello@lingua-pro.com
Telephone: +44 (0) 7714 340845
Date of Revision: 21/05/2018
Get a Quote
Please enter the characters below:
Your information is safe with us.
LinguaPRO processes data in accordance with the latest General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and has all reasonable measures in place to keep your personal information secure. For further details click here to access our privacy notice.
Contact Us
+44 (0) 1753 648873
hello@lingua-pro.com
Languages Offered
German
Chinese
French
Italian
Japanese
Russian
Spanish
and more
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookies | Designed by Enterprise Marketing