http://livingtheosophy.com/privacy-policy
Who we are
Our website address is: http://www.livingtheosophy.com
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
IF YOU ARE IN EUROPE:
EU PRIVACY NOTICE
If you are in the European Union (EU) and the EU data protection laws applies to processing of your information, i.e. the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR) please[click here] to find the major information about processing of your personal data at a glance.
Living Theosophy is the controller of personal data submitted by you or otherwise collected when you use our Website or when you use Purchase Products & Services – provided that we explicitly demand this data or ask for these information within our mutual B2B communication with respect to the Service
Please note however that Living Theosophy shall not be the controller of the third-party data you may submit to our Service, The personal data you process within your CRMs, e-mail communication, etc. which may be integrated with our Service upon your decision and subject to the Terms of Service. We process such information within the Service solely in the processor’s role and – depending on the scope of your activity you may be the data controller. Shall you have any doubts on this matter – feel free to contact us? You can contact us via e-mail: LivingTheosophy@gmail.com
You will not need to consent to this Privacy Policy, but do acknowledge you have read and understood its terms.
USERS IN EUROPE
Access. You have the right to request a copy of the information we are processing about you.
Rectification. You have the right to have incomplete or inaccurate information that we process about you rectified.
Deletion. You have the right to request that we delete information that we process about you, except we are not obliged to do so if we need to retain such data in order to comply with a legal obligation or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
Restriction. You have the right to restrict our processing of your information where you believe such data to be inaccurate; our processing is unlawful; or that we no longer need to process such data for a particular purpose unless we are not able to delete the data due to a legal or other obligation or because you do not wish for us to delete it.
Portability. You have the right to obtain information we hold about you in a structured, electronic format, and to transmit such data to another data controller, where this is (a) information that you have provided to us, and (b) if we are processing that data solely on the basis of your consent or to perform a contract with you.
Objection. Where the legal basis for processing your information is our legitimate interest, you have the right to object to such processing on grounds relating to your particular situation. We will abide by your request unless we have compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, or if we need to continue to process the data for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim.
Withdrawing consent. If you have consented to our processing of your information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, free of charge. This includes where you wish to opt out from marketing messages.
You can make a request to exercise any of these rights in relation to your information by sending the request to us at the email address or mailing address set forth under “Contact Living Theosophy”. For your own privacy and security, at our discretion, we may require you to provide your identity before providing the requested information. Please note that Living Theosophy may take up to 30 days to fulfill such requests.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the local data protection authority if you believe that we have not complied with applicable data protection laws.
Follow Us
Click Here to Join Me on Periscope
Recent Posts
“The Key to Theosophy” – Book Study 29
“The Key to Theosophy” – Book Study 28
“The Key to Theosophy” – Book Study 27
“The Key to Theosophy” – Book Study 26
“The Key to Theosophy” – Book Study 25
Archives
February 2020
December 2019
October 2019
August 2019
July 2019
June 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
April 2018
February 2018
January 2018
December 2017
November 2017
October 2017
September 2017
August 2017
July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
November 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014
December 2013
November 2013
August 2013
May 2013
April 2013
March 2013
November 2012
Close Menu