http://lmktechnologies.com/website-terms-conditions/
Website Terms & Conditions - LMK Technologies
Request Information
1.815.640.9302
LMK Technologies
Menu
MENUMENUProducts
Connections & Laterals
T-LinerShorty No Cleanout Required T-LinerSectional Connection LinerStubbyLarge Diameter Main Entry Lapel LinerLateral Lining
Mainline
Sectional Connection LinerSectional RepairLateral SealLMT or LMK Saddle New Lateral Connection
Manhole
Cured-in-Place Manhole Shorty LinerCured-in-Place Manhole Full Depth Liner System
Cleanout
Cleanout
Gasket Sealing
End Seal SleeveHydrophillic Connection HatO-Rings
Equipment
Launch TanksLateral SteamerSchwalm RoboticsPicote CutterCIPP Wetout Trailer
Shop
T-Liner Steam SystemT-Liner Ambient SystemStubby Ambient SystemShorty Steam SystemShorty Ambient System
SalesNews
NewsEventsAds
Resources
Webinars
AboutContact UsSearch for:
Website Terms & Conditions
Home
Website Terms & Conditions
Website Terms & Conditions
LMK Enterprises, Inc. (“LMK”) Website Terms and Conditions of Use Revised as of August 15, 2012:
Welcome to www.lmktechnologies.com (the “Website”). LMK provides access to the Website, and its services offered in the Website, subject to the following terms and conditions. In return for gaining access to the Website, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions of use without limitation or qualification. If you do not intend to be legally bound by these terms and conditions of use, do not access or use the Website.
If you visit the Website, you accept these terms and conditions of use. Please read them carefully.
Privacy
Please review our privacy policy, which also governs your visit to the Website, to understand our privacy practices.
Geographic Scope
The Website may be viewed internationally, and may contain references to products or services not available in all countries. References to a particular product or service do not imply that LMK intends to make such products or services available in such countries.
Electronic Communications
When you visit the Website or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on the Website. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically via e-mail or by posting notices on the Website satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Copyright
All content included on the Website, including, but not limited to, text, design, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, interfaces, data compilations, software, and code, is the property of LMK, its affiliates, or its content suppliers, and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of LMK, its affiliates, or its content suppliers, and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of LMK, its affiliates, or its software suppliers and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. For purposes of these terms and conditions of use, the term “affiliates” means any entity or person, directly or indirectly, owning a controlling interest in, or under common ownership control with, LMK, or any entity or person in which LMK, directly or indirectly, owns a controlling interest. Nothing contained on the Website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of the copyrighted works displayed or contained in the Website without the express, written consent of LMK.
Trademarks
LMK or one of its affiliates is the owner of the following registered trademarks in the United States or other countries: T-Liner®, U.S. Reg. No. 2,663,111; Performance Liner®, U.S. Reg. No. 2,166,658 and 3,012,720; VAC-A-TEE®, U.S. Reg. No 2,728,791; and LMK®, U.S. Reg. No 2,774,948 and 2,774,927.
LMK or one of its affiliates is also the owner of the unregistered trademarks, service marks, trade names, graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, trade dress, or other indicia of trade origin that appear on this Website, including, without limitation, the following: Shorty™; Stubby™; Insignia™; PowerCure™, ISGL™,
The registered and unregistered trademarks, service marks, trade names, graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, trade dress, or other indicia of trade origin of LMK or its affiliates may not be used in connection with any business, product, or service whose source is not LMK or one of its affiliates, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, the trade, or the public, or in any manner that disparages or discredits LMK or any of its affiliates. All other trademarks, service marks, trade names, and logos not owned by LMK or its affiliates that appear on the Website are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by LMK or its affiliates. Nothing contained on the Website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, trade dress, or other indicia of trade origin of LMK or its affiliates displayed or contained in the Website without the express, written consent of LMK or its affiliates.
Patents
One or more patents apply to the Website and to the features, products, and services accessible via the Website, including, without limitation: U.S. Patent Nos. 5,501,248; 5,765,597; 5,794,663; 5,816,293; 5,855,729; 5,950,682; 5,964,249; 6,021,815; 6,039,079; 6,105,619; 6,199,591; 6,206,993; 6,427,726; 6,484,757; 6,478,054; 6,482,280; 6,641,687; 6,695,013; 6,705,801; 6,827,526; 6,837,486; 6,994,118; 7,306,011; 7,343,937; 7,426,941; 7,448,413; 7,588,054; 7,588,055; 7,670,086; 7,753,081; 7,845,372; 7,896,032; 7,975,726; 7,987,873; and all corresponding foreign counterparts. Nothing contained on the Website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any of the foregoing patents, licensed patents, or the patentable inventions contained therein without the express, written consent of LMK.
License and Site Access
LMK grants you a nonexclusive, nontransferable, limited right and license to access and make personal use of the Website and the material provided hereon for your personal, noncommercial use, provided that you fully comply with the terms and conditions of use of the Website. You agree not to download (other than page caching) or modify the Website, or any portion of it, except with express, written consent of LMK.
This license does not include any rights of resale or commercial use of the Website or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of the Website or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. The Website or any portion of the Website may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without the express, written consent of LMK. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including, without limitation, images, text, page layout, or form) of LMK or its affiliates without its or their respective express, written consent. You may not use any metatags or any other “hidden text” utilizing LMK’s or its affiliates’ name or trade names, trademarks, or service marks without the express, written consent of LMK. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by LMK.
You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of LMK so long as the link does not portray LMK, its affiliates, or their products or services, in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any proprietary graphic, trade name, trademark, or service mark of LMK or any of its affiliates as part of the link without the express, written consent of LMK.
Your Account
If you use the Website, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. You may apply for an account, but only licensed entities may create an account. No person will be permitted to create an account without the authorization of LMK.
Reviews, Comments, Communications & Other Content
LMK and its affiliates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
Visitors may not post reviews, comments, and other content, send e-cards and other communications, or submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, any of which is illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable, or which consists of or contains software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of “spam.” You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other content. LMK reserves the right (but has no obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content.
If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant LMK and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media, including, without limitation, any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communications, content, or materials you send to the Website for any purpose whatsoever, including, without limitation, developing, manufacturing, providing, or promoting new products or services using such information and things. You grant LMK and its affiliates and sub-licensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate the Terms and Conditions of Use and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify LMK, its related entities and its affiliates for all claims resulting from content you supply.
From time to time, LMK may monitor and edit or remove any activity or content, but it has no obligation to do so. LMK takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party. Harassment in any manner or form on the Website, including via e-mail or chat or by obscene or abusive language is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a LMK employee, host, or representative or other members or visitors to the Website is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the Website any content that is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable, or that constitutes or encourages a criminal offense, violates the rights of any party, or otherwise gives rise to liability or violates any law. You may not upload commercial content on the Website or use the Website to solicit others to join or become members of any commercial online service or other organization.
Product Descriptions
LMK and its affiliates attempt to be as accurate as possible. However, LMK does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by LMK itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.
Links
These terms and conditions of use apply only to this Website, and not to the websites of any other person or entity. We may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other worldwide websites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the availability of such external websites or resources, and do not endorse (and are not responsible or liable for) any content, advertising, products, services, or other materials on or available from such other websites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that, under no circumstances, will we be held responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damage that is caused or alleged to have been caused to you in connection with your use of, or reliance on, any content, advertisements, products, services or other resources available from any other website (regardless of whether we directly or indirectly link to such content, advertisements, products, services, or other resources). You should direct any concerns with respect to any other websites to that website’s administrator or webmaster.
Copyright Complaints
LMK respects the intellectual property rights of others, and we ask our users to do the same. In appropriate circumstances and in our discretion, we may terminate the rights of any user to use of the Website (or any part thereof) who infringes the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or if you are aware of someone so infringing on your rights, please provide the following information to the “Copyright Agent” specified below:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon;
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Website;
Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, and or the law; and
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate, and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
You may send any notices, including notices of copyright infringement under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, to LMK’s designated agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on the Website at the following addresses:
Office of General Counsel
1779 Chessie Lane
Ottawa, IL 61350
815.433.1275
815.433.0107
info@lmktechnologies.com
Please note that this procedure is exclusively for notifying LMK and its affiliates that your copyrighted materials have been infringed.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
The Website is provided by LMK on an “as is” and “as available” basis. LMK makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the Website or the information, content, materials, or products included on the Website. You expressly agree that your use of the Website is at your sole risk.
To the fullest extent permissible by applicable law, LMK disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. LMK does not warrant that the Website, its servers, or e-mail sent from LMK are free of viruses or other harmful components. LMK will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of the Website, including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages.
Certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights.
Governing Law
The Website was developed in the United States of America in accordance with and shall be governed by the laws of the state of Illinois, United States of America. By visiting the Website, you agree that the laws of Illinois, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these terms and conditions of use, and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and LMK or its affiliates.
Disputes
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to the Website or to products you purchase through the Website shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Ottawa, Illinois, of the United States of America, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate LMK’s intellectual property rights, LMK may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of Illinois, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under these terms and conditions of use shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator’s award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under these terms and conditions of use shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to these terms and conditions of use, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
Site Policies, Modification, and Severability
As noted above, you are encouraged and advised to review the terms and conditions of use and the privacy policy posted on the Website. These policies also govern your visit to the Website. By using the Website, you agree to be bound by and to abide by these policies, just as if you had signed an agreement. If you do not comply with these terms and conditions of use at any time, we reserve the right, if applicable, to terminate your password, user account, or your access to the Website (or any part thereof). You agree that any termination or cancellation of your access to, or use of, the Website, may be effected without prior notice. Further, you agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any termination or cancellation of your access to, or use of, the Website.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change, modify, add to, or remove portions of the Website, the terms and conditions of use and the privacy policy at any time. You should check these terms and conditions of use and privacy policy periodically for changes. By using the Website after we post any changes to the terms and conditions of use or the privacy policy, you agree to accept those changes, regardless of whether you have reviewed them. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions of use and the privacy policy, you should not use the Website and, if applicable, you should arrange to cancel your registered user account or subscription with us. If any of these terms or conditions is deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition will be deemed severed and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
PDF Documents for download
CIPP WarrantyLMK Equipment Limited Warranty
LMK Technologies, Inc.
1779 Chessie Lane
Ottawa, IL 61350
info@lmktechnologies.com
Want to get started?
First Name*Last Name*Email*
Company Name*Phone*StateAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyomingArmed Forces AmericasArmed Forces EuropeArmed Forces PacificComments*CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Site InformationWebsite Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Connect With UsYouTube
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Quick LinksWebmail Login
Licensed Installer Resources
Safety Data Sheets
Terms and Conditions of Sale
LMK Warranty Information
PO Terms
© Copyright LMK Technologies, 2019. All Rights Reserved