https://logitech.uk.com/who-we-are/environmental-policies/our-weee-policy/
Extranet Login
t: +44 (0)1389 875444|e:enquiries@logitech.uk.com
Who we are
Our History
Meet the team
Quality
Our Environmental Policies
Our WEEE Policy
Careers
What we offer
By application
Semiconductors
Geological Sciences
Optoelectronics
Optics
Other applications
By material
Silicon
Silicon Carbide
Sapphire
Gallium Arsenide
Cadmium Zinc Telluride
Indium Phosphide
Rock/Soil
Other Materials
Products & Solutions
Lapping & Polishing
Chemical Polishing & Chemical Mechanical Polishing
Driven Head Lapping & Polishing Tools
Bonding & Impregnation Units
Test & Measurement
Cutting & Sawing
Accessories
Consumables – Online Store
Knowledge base
Safety Data Sheets
Whitepapers
Tech Files – Blog
Technology Transfer Programme
Brochures
Application Process Notes
Case Studies
FAQ
News & Events
News
Events
Contact
How to find us
Global Distributors
Equipment Returns
Logitech WEEE Policy
The Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Regulations (WEEE), EU Directive 2002/96/EC, were adopted into UK law on 2nd January 2007 with full implementation from 1st July 2007. These regulations require that electrical and electronic equipment, when being disposed of at the end of its useful life in an EU Member State, must be recycled and/or disposed of in accordance with the EU directive as it is applied in local laws of that State.
Options and Costs
It is standard practice with volume household goods for the manufacturer to accept responsibility for the end of life disposal of their product through various national collection schemes. Needless to say, the cost of the final disposal / recycling process is passed on to the consumer in the sale price.
With B2B (Business to Business) products, such as Logitech machinery, there is a step change in cost and the viability of collecting large and heavy machines. There is also the further complication regarding COSSH implications around de-contamination, safe transit and disposal. For this reason the cost required for Logitech to be involved in the end of life disposal would be prohibitive.
Therefore the only logical and cost effective option is for the end user to undertake the responsibility for safe local disposal and/or recycling, in a responsible manner.
Additional Information
Products manufactured by Logitech in compliance with UK Statutory Instrument 2006 No. 3289 (the UK law) display the approved crossed out wheeled bin symbol, as clearly marked on the serial number plate.
The black bar under this logo signifies the product was put on the market after15th August 2005.
Logitech is registered with the Environment Agency (WEE/AA0046SY/PRO
Logitech is a member of the Valpak WEEE Compliance Scheme (RM05509)
Where a Logitech product is supplied within an EU member State outside the UK, the local distributor will have made the equivalent registration according to local requirements.
Contact us on
+44 (0)1389 875444
or
enquiries@logitech.uk.com
to learn more about the difference we can make to your processes.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept All
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Additional Cookies
Powered by GDPR plugin
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
This website uses HotJar to track mouse movements to see how users interact with our website.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
disable
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Additional Cookies
This website uses the following additional cookies:
wordpress_logged_in_a3e81b56e8c6a0fab74e3142bd7cc97c
wordpress_sec_a3e81b56e8c6a0fab74e3142bd7cc97c
wordpress_sec_a3e81b56e8c6a0fab74e3142bd7cc97c
wordpress_test_cookie
disable
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Proceed
Save Changes