https://logitech.uk.com/who-we-are/our-quality-environmental-policies/
Extranet Login
t: +44 (0)1389 875444|e:enquiries@logitech.uk.com
Who we are
Our History
Meet the team
Quality
Our Environmental Policies
Our WEEE Policy
Careers
What we offer
By application
Semiconductors
Geological Sciences
Optoelectronics
Optics
Other applications
By material
Silicon
Silicon Carbide
Sapphire
Gallium Arsenide
Cadmium Zinc Telluride
Indium Phosphide
Rock/Soil
Other Materials
Products & Solutions
Lapping & Polishing
Chemical Polishing & Chemical Mechanical Polishing
Driven Head Lapping & Polishing Tools
Bonding & Impregnation Units
Test & Measurement
Cutting & Sawing
Accessories
Consumables – Online Store
Knowledge base
Safety Data Sheets
Whitepapers
Tech Files – Blog
Technology Transfer Programme
Brochures
Application Process Notes
Case Studies
FAQ
News & Events
News
Events
Contact
How to find us
Global Distributors
Equipment Returns
The Logitech approach is focused on achieving the highest levels of customer satisfaction, through the provision of product quality, delivery and service, as viewed through the eyes of our customers.
Logitech pursues total customer loyalty through manufacturing excellence to deliver the highest quality products and support, globally.  To achieve this we focus is on:
Market orientated design
Precision engineered and high quality manufacturing
Providing access to considerable in-house materials processing expertise
Top quality after-sales support
Lean Management
Quality is a fundamental part of everything we do and we have a number of formal and informal mechanisms to reinforce our commitment to the very highest standards throughout our business.
We currently have two teams working on lean management projects within the company.  This is to ensure that we remain committed to providing high levels of product quality, delivery and service.
Quality Policy
As a world leader in the design, manufacture and supply of high accuracy, tailored, lapping and polishing equipment and related process knowledge, we are committed to consistently providing products and services that meet customer, statutory and regulatory requirements.
We are committed to continually improving our Quality Management System and seeking to enhance customer satisfaction through the effective application of our ISO9001 Quality Management System to satisfy all applicable requirements and create a positive experience for all of our interested parties.
Quality objectives will be set up to support this policy and we will ensure that the policy and objectives are communicated to all personnel in the organisation, that they are fully understood, that each member of staff is aware of his or her specific contribution to their achievement and that they are reviewed every 12 months at the Annual Quality Review or whenever deemed appropriate.
Accreditations
We’re also fully committed to ensuring our work is accredited with regulators and umbrella organisations.  Logitech is certified to ISO 9001:2015
Reach
Introduction of the REACH (Registration, Evaluation and Authorisation of Chemicals) regulation for EU companies came into force on June 1st 2007. It relates to all manufacturers, importers and downstream users of chemicals and registration of all quantities over 1 tonne or more per year.  Logitech position and relevance to REACH.
Contact us on
+44 (0)1389 875444
or
enquiries@logitech.uk.com
to learn more about the difference we can make to your processes.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept All
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Additional Cookies
Powered by GDPR plugin
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
This website uses HotJar to track mouse movements to see how users interact with our website.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
disable
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Additional Cookies
This website uses the following additional cookies:
wordpress_logged_in_a3e81b56e8c6a0fab74e3142bd7cc97c
wordpress_sec_a3e81b56e8c6a0fab74e3142bd7cc97c
wordpress_sec_a3e81b56e8c6a0fab74e3142bd7cc97c
wordpress_test_cookie
disable
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Proceed
Save Changes