https://logitech.uk.com/privacy-policy/
Extranet Login
t: +44 (0)1389 875444|e:enquiries@logitech.uk.com
Who we are
Our History
Meet the team
Quality
Our Environmental Policies
Our WEEE Policy
Careers
What we offer
By application
Semiconductors
Geological Sciences
Optoelectronics
Optics
Other applications
By material
Silicon
Silicon Carbide
Sapphire
Gallium Arsenide
Cadmium Zinc Telluride
Indium Phosphide
Rock/Soil
Other Materials
Products & Solutions
Lapping & Polishing
Chemical Polishing & Chemical Mechanical Polishing
Driven Head Lapping & Polishing Tools
Bonding & Impregnation Units
Test & Measurement
Cutting & Sawing
Accessories
Consumables – Online Store
Knowledge base
Safety Data Sheets
Whitepapers
Tech Files – Blog
Technology Transfer Programme
Brochures
Application Process Notes
Case Studies
FAQ
News & Events
News
Events
Contact
How to find us
Global Distributors
Equipment Returns
Logitech Ltd.
Privacy Policy
If you are a California resident, please click  for more information about your specific privacy rights.
Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy describes our practices with respect to (i) the personal information we gather on our website (ii) the way we use personal information internally; and (iii) our policy regarding sharing your personal information with others.
We are committed to processing your information in accordance with all applicable data protection laws and data protection codes of conduct.  We have implemented the practices set out in this Privacy Policy for our website, www.logitech.uk.com and dependent pages (the “Site”). We have instructed our website administrator to include information regarding these privacy practices anywhere on the Site where Personal Information is collected.
This policy addresses our privacy practices relating to our employees, job applicants, visitors to the Site and registered users of the Site. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” means any information that, by itself or in combination with other information, identifies or can reasonably be used to identify an individual or household, such as name, email address, IP address, telephone number, address, billing information or date of birth. Personal Information does not include information that is anonymized.  The term “Processing” means any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Information, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, use, organization, storage, alteration or destruction, disclosure, or transfer.
DECLARATION OF CONSENT
By submitting Personal Information and other information to the Site, you consent to the Processing of such information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
You may withdraw this consent at any time by notifying us at enquiries@logitech.uk.com, or by writing to Logitech Ltd, Erskine Ferry Rd, Old Kilpatrick, Glasgow, G60 5EU, Scotland, UK.
COLLECTING INFORMATION
Generally, you may browse the Site without directly providing any Personal Information (though we may automatically collect certain non-sensitive information as described further below, such as IP Address and log information). However, we may ask that you provide information, including, without limitation, Personal Information, at various times and locations through the Site. For example, if you decide to register with the Site to request information, you will be asked to provide information such as your name and email address. When using forms on the Site to communicate with us, you may choose to provide other Personal Information, such as your name, company name, mailing address, phone number, and email address. We may collect and store any Personal Information you input into the Site.
PROTECTING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take commercially reasonable steps to protect your Personal Information when you transmit it from your computer to the Site and to protect such information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever 100% secure or error-free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from the Site may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Where you use passwords, ID numbers, or other special access features on this site, it is your responsibility to safeguard them.
HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use the information collected and provided, individually or in an aggregate form, in order to:
contact you about the Site, Logitech products, news and promotions
notify you about important changes to the Site;
evaluate products or services we could offer to you;
monitor or improve use of the Site;
compare and otherwise use data entered by users for any purpose including consulting, research and marketing;
customize any advertising and content you see on the Site;
provide specific information to you from us and/or our affiliates; and
send you promotional material from us and/or our affiliates.
YOUR INDIVIDUAL RIGHTS
With certain legal exceptions and limitations, you may exercise the following rights. We will not discriminate against you, in any manner prohibited by applicable law, for exercising these rights.
You have the right to request information about the categories and specific Personal Information we have collected about you, the sources of Personal Information, the purpose for collecting the Personal Information, the categories of third parties to whom we have sold your Personal Information or shared it for a business purpose and the types of Personal Information sold or shared. You may also request information about any third parties with whom we have shared your Personal Information for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes.  You may request this information at the contact information above.
Deletion. You may request that we delete your Personal Information.
Correction: You have the right to ask us to correct your Personal Information
You may exercise these rights by sending us an email at enquiries@logitech.uk.com, writing to us at Logitech Ltd, Erskine Ferry Rd, Old Kilpatrick, Glasgow, G60 5EU, Scotland, UK., making the request via our website at https://logitech.uk.com/contact/ or by calling +44(0)1389 875444.  We will respond to any such requests within 30 days of receipt.
PERSONAL INFORMATION RETENTION
Personal Information will be stored for as long as the information is required to fulfill our legitimate business needs or the purposes for which the Personal Information was collected, or for such period as is required by law.
DATA TRANSFERS TO COUNTRIES OUTSIDE THE EU/EEA
[Data entered on our website are transferred to a server within the EU and stored there]. Your data may be used and disclosed by the Company and its divisions, holding companies, subsidiaries and affiliates, or other entities outside the European Union (EU) and the European Economic Area (EEA) including in the U.S. Please note that in countries outside the country in which you live, and in particular outside the EU/EEA, a different standard of data protection might apply than the standard that you are used to in your own country.
DISCLOSING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
We do not sell Personal Information about you to unrelated companies for their independent use. However, we may share your Personal Information with the categories of recipients described below:
Logitech Ltd’s divisions, holding companies, subsidiaries, and affiliates.
Third party service providers or other entities that are involved in the operation of the Site, help us provide you with our products and services, and that otherwise support our relationship with you (such as shipping or direct mailing organizations). In such cases, our agreements with these third parties do not permit them to use or disclose Personal Information for purposes other than fulfilling those services.
Law enforcement, government agencies, or other regulators to comply with law or legal requirements, to enforce our agreements, and to protect our rights and the property or safety of Logitech Ltd, our users, or third parties.
Transactional parties if we, or some or all of our assets, are acquired by another entity, including through a sale or in connection with a bankruptcy.
Your employer or coworkers if you receive our products or services in connection with your employment.
We may also share Personal Information that has been anonymized or aggregated with third parties for any purpose.
DOMAIN NAME AND IP ADDRESS
We collect the domain names and IP addresses of our visitors for statistical purposes, to measure use, to improve the content or responsiveness of the Site, or to customize the content or layout of the Site for the individual visitor. We do not disclose this information to third parties. We may also aggregate information relating to our visitors’ traffic patterns from the data that we collect and retain concerning the IP addresses and domain names of our visitors, and we may divulge such aggregate information about our users with third parties such as our business partners, distributors, and service and support providers.
LOG FILES
We maintain a log file of all actions that are initiated or facilitated using the Site, to capture, record and store data concerning the transaction. Access to this data is restricted to those who administer our network and public website, except that we may use and disclose this information to third parties in response to legal process or law enforcement inquiries, abuse of our website, or violation of any applicable Terms of Use or contractual provision you may have with us.
E-MAIL ADDRESSES
You should know that e-mail is not necessarily secure against all forms of interception. If your communication includes sensitive information about you or your company and you would prefer not to transmit this information in this fashion, please contact us by post or telephone rather than e-mail.
We collect email addresses that are: volunteered by the visitor; through e-mail messages addressed to us or our employees; through visitor responses via the “contact us” portion of the Site; or e-mail marketing destination web pages and public events. We use e-mail addresses for marketing purposes and to inform those interested in our products about events, products, services or other items of interest. We may also use e-mail addresses volunteered by our visitors to register the visitor for an extranet account, to process orders for brochures and other written materials, or otherwise to respond to a visitor’s request.
On the Site we will ask you to consent to being contacted by us for promotional and marketing purposes. However, you may opt-out of receiving promotional or marketing emails at any time by notifying us as a reply to any unwanted e-mail, by using the unsubscribe function in our newsletter, contacting us at enquiries@logitech.uk.com, or by writing to us at Logitech Ltd., Erskine Ferry Rd., Old Kilpatrick, Glasgow, G60 5EU, Scotland, UK. Requests to unsubscribe from Logitech Ltd e-mails may take 5 business days to process.
COOKIES AND DO NOT TRACK
A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. We use one type of cookie to maintain your login information for as long as you are using the Site. No Personal Information is stored in this cookie and the cookie is deleted from your computer when you leave the Site. Our second cookie type simply identifies you as you move throughout the Site, providing faster, personalized access to view various site pages.
We do not honor “do not track” signals from website browsers at this time.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS & HUBSPOT
HubSpot also uses “cookies” to analyze how you use the website. Similar to Google Analytics, the information generated by the cookie about your use of the site (including your IP address) are stored on a server within the EU. Users can refuse the use of cookies, but as per Google Analytics this may also not allow you to use the full functionality of the website. If you are opted-in to receiving communications from Logitech, these cookies help us tailor content to your interests and ensure you are only receiving content that is relevant to you.
Further information on HubSpot and their terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy.
THIRD-PARTY SITES
The Site may contain links to other third-party sites. When you click on one of these links you are visiting a website operated by someone other than us and the operator of that website may have a different privacy policy. We are not responsible for their individual privacy practices, so we encourage you to investigate the privacy policies of such third-party operators.
CHILDREN
Our website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to us through the Site. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not access, use, or provide any information on the Site or on or through any of its features. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us by sending us an email at enquiries@logitech.uk.com, or by writing to us at Logitech Ltd., Erskine Ferry Rd., Old Kilpatrick, Glasgow, G60 5EU, Scotland, UK.
DATA BREACHES
Whilst every effort and measure is taken to reduce the risk of data breaches, we have dedicated controls and procedures in place for such situations, along with the procedures that are required to make notifications to the relevant Supervisory Authority and data subjects (where applicable).
COMMENTS AND QUESTIONS
We welcome comments and questions regarding this Privacy Policy. Any such questions should be directed via e-mail to enquiries@logitech.uk.com. Additionally, you may make your request in writing to, Logitech Ltd., Erskine Ferry Rd., Old Kilpatrick, Glasgow, G60 5EU, Scotland, UK.
If you haven’t already, why not register to receive updates about our forthcoming events.
You will also be able to access:
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept All
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Additional Cookies
Powered by GDPR plugin
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
This website uses HotJar to track mouse movements to see how users interact with our website.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
disable
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Additional Cookies
This website uses the following additional cookies:
wordpress_logged_in_a3e81b56e8c6a0fab74e3142bd7cc97c
wordpress_sec_a3e81b56e8c6a0fab74e3142bd7cc97c
wordpress_sec_a3e81b56e8c6a0fab74e3142bd7cc97c
wordpress_test_cookie
disable
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Proceed
Save Changes