http://logsiding.com/fencing/privacy-fencing/
Home
Log Siding
Exterior Log Siding
Get the log home look at a low price. Quarter, Half, and Premiere Log available.
Full Log Wall
Get your full logs right here, sourced from Michigan, and build that dream home you've always wanted.
Corner System
The corners of your log home are an important design consideration.
We provide three looks, Butt and Pass, Saddle Notch, and Vertical Post.
Trim
We offer a wide array of trim, covering all kinds of sizes and styles.
Click for more.
Home Interior
Interior Paneling
Bring the log home look from the outside, in.
Stairs and Railings
Stairs and railings come in many shapes and sizes.
Click to see more elaborate stairs and railings.
Beam Wraps
Conceal structural supports in your home with beautiful beam wraps made from natural log wood.
Mantels
Log and Timber mantels available.
Furniture
Couches, chairs, tables, stools and more.
We make anything and make it custom, so it fits you perfectly.
Outdoor Living
Patio Furniture
Various outdoor furniture builds available - chairs, benches, tables and more.
Deck Railing
Deck Railing is one of our specialties (it's how we started).
See more about railings and what we can make for you!
Yard Accents
A great way to decorate the outside and yard. Ensure your guests, and more importantly yourself, feel completely comfortable at your home.
Shaded Structures
Log Pavilions, Arbors and more.
Click for detailed product information.
Fencing
Split Rail Fencing
Split Rail fencing is known for its unique rustic character.
Get to know it more by clicking here.
Round Rail Fencing
Round Rail fencing - the traditional look inspired by country living.
Privacy Fencing
If you'd like a little more privacy within your property, check out our Privacy Fencing.
Structural
Truss
Rustic Rails offers many different Truss options. See more by clicking here.
Beams and Posts
Our Beams, Posts, and Headers give your home the look of grandeur without the grandeur price.
Customer Care
Services
We can help you with Media Blasting, Installation, Prefinishing, and Shipping.
Log Product Care
We carry Sikkens, Sascho, and Permachink products. These stains and sealers offer long lasting protection with a great look.
Green Manufacturing
Wood is wonderful.... let's keep it that way for now, and in the future.
Featured Projects
See featured projects, big images, big detail.
You'll get a great look at what we can do for you!
Contact Us
You're Here: Home » Fencing » Privacy Fencing
Privacy Fencing
Rustic Rails Fencing was the first line of products we ever carried when the company was first started back in 1977.  With nearly 35 years of rustic fencing experience, we know what it takes to provide our customers with a quality product at a great value.  We also understand your needs and considerations for your property, and what fence will best meet those needs based on style, function, and durability.  View our bestselling options below to see how some rustic rails can improve the appearance and function of your property.
ADD TO WISHLIST
Cedar Privacy Fencing is a great solution for maximizing your property lines and creating, well… privacy.  Once again, our Northern White Cedar fencing that is not only naturally durable, but environmentally safe as well (as opposed to treated wood that can leach chemicals into the ground).  We offer a number of different decorative configurations for both picket points and fence tops between posts.
Section Top Styles: Straight, Concave, or Convex
Picket Styles: Gothic, French Gothic, Dog Ear, etc. available