http://lomertranslations.com/privacy-policy/
0800 633 5985
Interpreting Services
High Court Interpretation
High Court Interpreters
Fiji Bauan High Court Interpreters
Hebrew High Court Interpreters
Ibibio High Court Interpreters
Japanese High Court Interpreters
Mandarin High Court Interpreters
Portuguese High Court Interpreters
Uzbek High Court Interpreters
Yiddish High Court Interpreters
Konkani High Court Interpreters
Commercial Court Interpreters
Shipping Arbitration
Ambassadors’ Receptions
Book Us
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Join Us
Policies
why lomer
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
This company LOMER Translations & Interpreting Limited, registered in England No. 4268179, VAT No. GB 788 2736 72, incorporated on 10.08.2001, with seat at 94 Inverness Terrace, London W2 3LD, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, abides by the letter and spirit of the General Data Protection Regulation which came into force on 25 May 2018.
The proprietor of the company, Mr Robert William Lomer, confirms that he has printed, read and understood the provisions of its 260 pages.
This refers to Interinstitutional File 2012/0011 (COD) of the Council of the European Union, dated Brussels 06.04.2016, with the subject of REGULATION OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL, on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC.
This company holds the minimum data necessary for it to conduct its business and no more. This company conducts no manual data processing nor holds any software for automated profiling nor algorithms designed to handle personal data automatically.
The data protection officer is Mr Robert William Lomer, who will be pleased to release to the affected natural person what, if any data is held on that natural person, for how long, and for what purpose. What little data this company does have is not collected on a large scale nor ever shared. This company never has, and does not, deal directly with children, nor holds information relating to any child. This company conducts no internet tracking or behaviour monitoring, either manually or by automated means. It employs no cookie identifiers to collect information, nor uses pseudonyms to prevent identification of personal data. This company is a micro business as specified in paragraph 13, page 8 of the regulation and in Article 2 of the Annex to Commission Recommendation 2003/361/EC, Commission Recommendation of 06 May 2003 concerning the definition of micro, small and medium-sized enterprises (C(2003) 1422) (OJ L 124, 20.05.2003, p. 36).
The regulation is intended to be altruistic, paragraph (4), page 3, states that “The processing of personal data should be designed to serve mankind. The right to the protection of personal data is not an absolute right; it must be considered in relation to its function in society and be balanced against other fundamental rights, in accordance with the principle of proportionality.”
The point of the regulation is stated in paragraph 11, page 7: “Effective protection of personal data throughout the Union requires the strengthening and setting out in detail of the rights of data subjects and the obligations of those who process and determine the processing of personal data”.
Notwithstanding the UK’s decision to leave the EU, in observance of the outcome of the UK’s referendum, this EU legislation has been adopted into English law since the UK was still an EU Member State on 25 May 2018.
Since the business of this company includes the provision of Court interpreters to Courts, it confirms that it uses a minimum of personal data relating to the case, and that this is limited to the name of the case and its Court reference number, and where needed, to assist the interpreter to prepare, the nature of the case. Paragraph 20, page 13 states: “Whiles this Regulation applies, inter alia, to the activities of courts and other judicial authorities, Union or Member State law could specify the processing operations and processing procedures in relation to the processing of personal data by courts and other judicial authorities”.
Legal PartnersLomer Translations is proud to work with the following legal firms...
Lomer Translations are proud to be registered members of the Association of Translation Companies and the European Union of Associations of Translation Companies.
© 2020 LOMER ® Translations & Interpreting Ltd. Translators & Interpreters in London.GET A QUOTE
Company
Privacy Policy
Privacy Tools