https://lonestaragcredit.com/about/privacy-practices/
Skip to main content
Notice:
Protecting customer-members and employees during the COVID-19 outbreak. Read More.
Privacy Practices
Protecting your privacy
Protecting your privacy, along with your financial assets, is at the core of our business. You have chosen to do business with us, and we recognize our obligation to keep the information you provide to us secure and confidential. Our commitment to protect your financial information will continue under the principles and online guidelines described below.
Keeping your information secure
Keeping your financial information secure is one of our most important responsibilities. We value your trust and handle your information with care. Our employees access information about you when needed to maintain your accounts or otherwise meet your needs. We may also access information about you when considering a request from you for additional services or when exercising our rights under the law or any agreement with you.
We safeguard information according to established security standards and procedures, and we continually assess new technology for protecting information.
Working to meet your needs through information
In the course of doing business, we may collect and use various types of information, such as information available from public records, market research and credit reports, as well as information you provide to us. We use this information to service your accounts and to help you learn more about the financial services you’re interested in.
Keeping information accurate
Keeping your account information accurate and up-to-date is very important. If you ever find that your account information is incomplete, inaccurate or not current, please call or write to us at the telephone number or address listed on your account statement. We will correct any erroneous information as quickly as possible.
Information Sharing
Information may be exchanged with credit bureaus and similar organizations, provided when legally required or permitted, or in connection with a fraud investigation, an acquisition or the transfer of your account to another financial institution through merger of the Lone Star Ag Credit.
If we receive a subpoena or similar legal process demanding release of any information about you, we will generally attempt to notify you (unless we believe we are prohibited from doing so). Except as required by law or as described above, we do not share information with other parties, including government agencies.
Lone Star Ag Credit does not share any customer information with third party marketers offering their products and services.
Unsolicited Direct Advertising
If you would like to reduce the amount of advertising you receive from other companies, you can write to the following agencies:
For advertising received through the mail:
Mail Preference Service c/o Direct Marketing Association
P.O. Box 9008
Farmingdale, NY 11735-9008
For advertising received via the telephone:
Telephone Preference Service c/o Direct Marketing Association
P.O. Box 9014
Farmingdale, NY 11735-9014
Please be sure to include complete information about each name, address and telephone number you would like excluded from these lists. If you have moved within the last year, please also include your old address and phone number. The same is true for name changes and the addresses and phone numbers associated with each name.
If you would like to have your name taken off all pre-approved credit solicitations, you can write to the following credit reporting agencies. Please be sure to include your name, current address and Social Security number.
Experian Consumer Opt-Out
P.O. Box 919
Allen, TX 75013
Options Equifax, Inc.
P.O. Box 740123
Atlanta, GA 30374-0123
Trans Union Corporation Name Removal Option
P.O. Box 97328
Jackson, MS 39288-7328
Online Privacy Guidelines
Protecting information online
Whether you are a current customer or just visiting us online, we safeguard the information you provide to us at www.lonestaragcredit.com and associated Web sites. How we use and protect this information is described below.
How we handle e-mail
We preserve the content of your e-mail, your e-mail address and our response so that we can more efficiently handle any follow-up questions you may have. We also do this to meet legal and regulatory requirements. If we think that a particular Lone Star Ag Credit account or service might apply to your situation, we may occasionally contact you at your e-mail address to inform you of potential benefits and availability. For secure transmissions, your e-mails to us should be sent to Lone Star Ag Credit. Inquiries sent through our information e-mail is not secure, and confidential information should not be included in e-mail contact. Likewise, because our response back to you is not secure, we will not include confidential account information in the response.
You may also contact us by phone, U.S. mail or by visiting your nearest banking center. See our Location/Contact Us Web pages for additional information about contacting us.
Web Linking
We may provide access to information, products or services on websites that are owned by other companies (“Third Party Websites”). We provide this access through the use of hyperlinks that automatically move you from this website to the Third Party Website.
While we do our best to provide you with helpful, trustworthy resources, we do not endorse, approve or guarantee information, products, services or recommendations provided at a Third Party Website. We are not responsible for the content or accuracy of any Third Party Website and offer you links to the Third Party Websites on an “As Is” basis. We are not responsible for any loss or damage of any sort resulting from the use of a Third Party Website, or any failure on products or services advertised or provided on a Third Party Website.
When you visit a Third Party Website by using a link on our website, you will no longer be protected by our Privacy Practices. The data collection, use and protection practices of the Third Party Website may differ from our Privacy Practices. You should familiarize yourself with the privacy policy and security practices of each Third Party Website.
Protecting Your Privacy Online
When information is collected and not collected
We gather and analyze data regarding usage of our website, including domain name, number of hits, pages visited, length of user session, etc., to evaluate the usefulness of our sites.
Protecting our children
We do not knowingly solicit data from children, and we do not knowingly market to children. We recognize that protecting children’s identities and privacy online is important and that the responsibility to do so rests with both the online industry and with parents.
Count on our commitment to your privacy
You can count on us to keep you informed about how we protect your privacy and limit the sharing of information you provide to us – whether it’s at an association office, over the phone or through the Internet. Please note that since we cannot control information on other Internet sites, we are not responsible for the content of sites linked from this Web site.