https://loonietimes.com/privacy-policy/
FREE Quote: 855.325.0921
Facebook
instagram
linkdin
Facebook
instagram
linkdin HomeContactClient loginPrivacy PolicyThe purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about the types of personal information Loonie Times Inc. collects about you in the process of conducting the principal activities of company. It explains how we use and disclose that information, the choices you have regarding such use and disclosure.This Privacy Policy sets out a summary of the principles and procedures that Loonie Times Inc. follows in meeting its privacy commitments and, as applicable in light of the foregoing, complying with the requirements of the laws and regulations under applicable privacy laws in Canada, including the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act. From time to time, we may make changes to this Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy is current as of the “last revised” date which appears at the bottom of this page. We will treat Personal Information in a manner consistent with the Privacy Policy under which it was collected unless we have your consent to treat it differently. This Privacy Policy applies to any information we collect or receive about you, from any source.We may collect information about you from a variety of sources. This includes information we collect directly from you; information we collect when you visit our sites, view our online content or use our mobile applications or other services; and information we collect about you from other sources.Information we collect directly from youWe collect information directly from you when you choose to participate in our offers and programs, create an account on our websites or in our mobile applications, call or email us, or otherwise provide information directly to us. The following are examples of information we may collect directly from you:NameEmail addressPostal addressUsername and passwordTelephone and/or fax numberDemographic informationPayment information (such as a credit card)Future communication preferencesInformation we collect when you visit our sites, view our online ads or promotions. We use cookies and other technologies to collect information when you visit our sites, view our online advertisements or promotions, or use our mobile applications or other services. The following are examples of information we may collect with these technologies:Information about your device browser and operating systemIP addressWeb pages you viewLinks you clickEmails you openThe following are examples of the types of information we may automatically collect through our website and/or applications:Advertising ID or similar identifierInformation about your device’s operating systemInformation about the way you use the application/websiteYou can visit our Web Site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself, including your email address. However, our web server may collect the IP address and domain you used to access our Web Site, the type and version of web browser and operating system you are using, the number, duration and frequency of visits to our Web Site and the web site you came from and visited next. This anonymous information cannot be traced to a specific individual user – it is used by us simply for the purposes of analytics – for example, to measure the number of visits, average time spent, page views, most popular preferences and other statistics about visitors to the Web Site and to determine the characteristics in which users use our Web Site and services. We may use this data to monitor Web Site performance for systems administration purposes, to make our Web Site easier and more convenient to use, to improve our services and to track information in aggregate form (e.g. how many visitors use the Web Site). This helps us better understand our Web Site traffic, visitor behavior and the impact of campaigns, content and email-driven traffic. By having access to such deeper data insights, we are able to measure, re-evaluate content offerings, map customer buying journeys and provide you with a more personalized visitor site experience, enabling demographic and interest reporting. When you fill out the contact us form we use that information to respond back to your questions and provide information about our various products and services.We make use of Google Analytics. A description of how Google Analytics collects and processes data is set out in “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps”, (located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/).All of the information we collect about you may be combined to help us improve our communications with you and to develop world-class products and services. The success of our business depends on your trust, and we do not sell your personal information to marketers outside of Loonie Times Inc.Co-promotions with Carefully Selected Business PartnersLoonie Times Inc. may collect personal and other information for a co-promotion or joint program with a business partner and share your information with that business partner. For these programs we will make clear at the point of collection that the information will be shared with Loonie Times Inc. and the participating business partner and ask for your consent as required by applicable laws.Third-party service providersWe rely on third-party service providers to perform a variety of business operations on our behalf. In so doing, we may need to share your personal information with them. We provide our service providers with only the personal information they need to perform the services we request, and we require that they protect this information and not use it for any other purpose.For example, we may rely on a service provider to:Service providers example include, but not limited to companies engaged in transportation of goods like FedEx, Postal services, Suppliers, etc.Fulfill your product and service requests and answer your questions.Host our sites and deliver our email or other communications.Mail product samples, contact contest winners, manage payments or take other actions on our behalf.Analyze our data, sometimes combined with data from other sources, to send you communications.Conduct research and analyze data to improve our products, services and sites.Where permitted by law, combine personal information about you that Loonie Times Inc. has collected with personal information about you that a business partner has collected so we can jointly send tailored promotional communications to you. In such instances, our business partner will not be permitted to use Loonie Times Inc. data or the combined data for its own, independent marketing purposes. Our service provider will only be allowed to use the combined set of information to send you joint communications that we hope will be of interest to you. If you prefer not to receive these joint communications, you can always opt out by following the instructions provided in any such communication or through this Privacy Policy as indicated above.Perform other services that we request.Other situations: We may disclose your personal information:As part of the sale of a Loonie Times Inc. brand to another company.Any Loonie Times Inc. holding company or sister companyTo protect and defend the rights and property of Loonie Times Inc. (including enforcing our Terms and Conditions).When required by law and/or government authorities.Personal Information Retention PeriodWe will retain Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required for renewal, future sale, events or permitted by law.Aggregated and non-personal informationWe share aggregated and/or anonymous information that does not identify you for Loonie Times Inc. business purposes. For example, we may disclose the number of visitors to Loonie Times Inc. sites or services. We may also share aggregated and/or anonymous information with our business partners for their own business purposesRevisions to this Privacy PolicyLoonie Times Inc. may from time to time make changes to this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in its legal or regulatory obligations or in the manner in which we deal with your personal information.  We will post any revised version of this Privacy Policy on our website www.loonietimes.com and we encourage you to refer back to it on a regular basis.  Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective from the time they are posted.  This Privacy Policy was last reviewed on March 31, 2018. For any questions regarding this please fill out the contact us form.
Call Now Button
Pin It on Pinterest