https://loparex.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy Loparex International B.V., having its principal place of business at Laan van Westenenk 45, 7336 AZ Apeldoorn, the Netherlands, is responsible for the processing of personal data in connection with our website (II.). Loparex International B.V. and Loparex Germany Gmbh & Co. KG, Zweibrückenstraße 15 – 25, 91301 Forchheim, Germany, are each responsible for their respective contractual partners (III.), and applicants (IV.). Personal data are all data that are personally identifiable to a natural person, e.g. name, address, e-mail address, payment/invoice data.
I. General Information Privacy ExpertMirjam Bisseling is the privacy expert of Loparex International B.V.; Carsten Weyand is the privacy expert of Loparex Germany Gmbh & Co. KG. Our experts can be reached via dataprotection@loparex.com. Your Rights as a Data SubjectYou have the right to request access to and rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing or to object to processing as well as the right to data portability. In addition, you have the right to withdraw your consent to the data processing. Your request can be sent to: loparexbv@loparex.com. To ensure that the request for access has been made by you, we ask you to send a copy of your ID together with the request. On this copy, make sure to black out your passport photo, MRZ (machine readable zone, the strip with numbers at the bottom of the passport), passport number, and social security number (BSN). This is to protect your privacy. We will respond to your request as quickly as possible, but at least within one month. We would also like to point out that you have the opportunity to file a complaint with the relevant supervising authority. Sharing Personal Data with Third PartiesWe will only pass on your personal data to third parties if and to the extent permitted by law. In some cases we use external service providers to process data. These service providers have been carefully selected by us, commissioned in writing and are bound by our instructions. They are regularly checked by us. The service providers will not pass this data on to third parties, but will delete it after fulfilment of the contract and the conclusion of statutory storage periods, unless there is consent to further storage. Automated Decision-MakingWe do not make decisions based on automated processing. How We Protect Personal DataWe take the protection of your data seriously and take appropriate measures to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorized access, unwanted disclosure, and unauthorized modification. If you have the impression that your data is not properly secured or if there are indications of misuse, please contact our customer service department or email loparexbv@loparex.com.
II. Processing of Personal Data on Our Website Personal Data We Process and Purpose of Data ProcessingWhen using the website for information purposes, i.e. if you do not register or otherwise provide us with information, we only collect the personal data that your browser transmits to our server. These include in particular your IP address, date and time of request, information on your browser and operating system. These data are technically necessary for us to display our website to you and to guarantee stability and security. When you contact us via e-mail or via our contact form, the data you provide (your e-mail address and your surname, possibly further voluntary information) will be stored by us in order to answer your enquiries. We will delete the data arising in this context after the storage is no longer necessary, or limit the processing if statutory retention requirements exist.Cookies and Similar Techniques We UseIn addition to the above mentioned data, cookies are stored on your computer when you use our website. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your hard disk in the browser you use and through which certain information can be retrieved from the cookie provider. Cookies cannot run programs or transmit viruses to your computer. They serve to make the internet offer more user-friendly and effective overall. You can configure your browser settings according to your wishes and, for example, refuse the acceptance of third party cookies or all cookies. Please note that you may not be able to use all functions of this website. To ensure sufficient data security when transmitting forms, we use the service reCAPTCHA. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland. The main purpose of using reCAPTCHA is to determine whether an entry is made by a natural person or abusive through automatic and automated processing. The service results in the sending of the IP address and possibly other data required for the reCAPTCHA service to Google. The data processing is carried out on the basis of our legitimate interest in protecting our web offers from abusive automated spying and from SPAM. You can find further information on Google's data protection guidelines at https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/android.html or https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en. This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google Analytics uses cookies which are stored on your computer and which enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, in the event that IP anonymization is activated on this website, your IP address will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases the complete IP address will be transferred to a Google server in the USA and anonymized there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activities and to provide further services to the website operator in connection with website and internet use. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the scope of Google Analytics is not merged with other Google data. For the exceptional cases in which personal data is transferred to the USA, Google has subjected itself to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework. The legal basis for the use of Google Analytics is your consent. You can also prevent the storage of cookies by adjusting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. You can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) to Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser add-on available at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. For more information on terms of use and privacy, please visit https://policies.google.com/?hl=en&gl=de.Special and/or Sensitive Personal Data That We ProcessOur website and/or service do not intend to collect data about website visitors who are younger than 16 years, unless they have permission from parents or guardians. However, we cannot check if a visitor is older than 16. We encourage parents to be involved in the online activities of their children, in order to prevent data about children being collected without parental consent. If you are convinced that we have collected personal information about a minor without this permission, please contact us via loparexbv@loparex.com and we will delete this information.How Long We Store Personal DataIn general, we do not store your personal data for longer than is strictly necessary, to realize the purposes for which your data is collected.
III. Processing of Customer Data Personal Data We Process and Purpose of Data ProcessingWe collect, store and, if necessary, pass on personal data of contractual partners and potential contractual partners to the extent necessary to provide the contractual services. This concerns the details provided by you throughout the contractual relationship or its initiation. The data is collected, stored and passed on for the purpose of initiating or fulfilling the contract. Failure to provide this data may mean that a contract cannot be concluded. If you are not or do not become our contractual partner, but we have come into contact with you for other reasons or if we have come into contact with you as a contact person for another company, we process your personal data in order to process your request or to communicate with the company you work for with your help. This data processing is in our legitimate interest.How Long We Store Personal DataPersonal data will only be stored as long as it is necessary to achieve the respective purpose. This usually corresponds to the duration of the contract. This does not affect statutory storage obligations.
IV. Processing of Applicant Data If you apply to us, we will store your details for the purposes of and during the application process. This concerns the personal data you provide in your application documents, usually name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, and possibly also sensitive data. If you apply to us via portals operated by third parties, we receive your data from the source to which you have given your consent to the transfer of data. For more information on data collection, please contact the source in question. The provision of your personal data is necessary to carry out the application process and in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into an employment contract. During the application procedure, we also check whether we can offer you another vacant position that matches your application. Should we be interested in keeping your application documents for a later date, we will ask you for separate consent in this respect. In all other respects, we will store your application data until the conclusion of an unsuccessful application procedure, provided that this does not conflict with statutory storage obligations. Your data will be processed exclusively by us and will not be passed on to third parties. Exceptions relate to cases in which the legislator requires or provides for the transfer of data. In certain cases, the transfer of your data to third parties is necessary to protect your or our interests or to fulfill our contractual obligations. This occurs in particular when we use external service providers. In these cases, the service provider is bound by instructions and only receives personal data to the extent and for the period of time required to provide the services in question. Your rights as a data subject indicated above also apply to the handling of applicant data.
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non Necessary
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Save & Accept