http://lrionline.com/privacy/
800-888-9115
Linkedin Twitter Facebook
Linkedin Twitter Facebook
Managing With Union?
Avoiding Unions?
Facing Union Vote?
0 Items
Privacy Policy
We do not share your personal information with any other organizations or individuals. We keep all information you provide to us, no matter how or why you provide it (for example, signing up for our newsletters, ordering our products, etc.) completely confidential, and use it only for the purpose that you intend. Only those employees with relevant business duties (for example, support staff) may access personal information, and only to perform their duties. They are subject to dismissal for any privacy violation.
We never provide any information about our subscribers, clients, customers or affiliates to any third party, except of course in the unusual event should we be required to do so by law. We do use cookies, but only to track behavior of groups of users of the Web site, not individual usage, and we do not tie the cookie to any personal information that you provide to us. We do not collect or combine any information that you provide to us with any other demographic information from any other sources. In other words… your visit is entirely private and anonymous.
Customer Service
If you have any questions or concerns about an order please contact us at:
Phone: 800-888-9115
Email: orders@lrionline.com
Snail Mail: Labor Relations Institute Customer Service, P.O. Box 1529, Broken Arrow, OK 74013
Refunds
If you are not 100% satisfied with a purchase from us, you can either return your order for a full refund or exchange it for something else. You can return or exchange your purchase for up to 30 days from the purchase date. Returned or exchanged products must be in the condition you received them and in the original box and/or packaging, and shipping costs are nonrefundable.
Shipping
Usually, we ship in-stock items within 5 business days after your order is placed. If you return or exchange a product you are responsible for shipping costs. Shipping costs are nonrefundable.
Permissions
With the exception of “guest posts” written by others (see the bottom of this page), the content on this Web site is owned and copyrighted by the Labor Relations Institute. We want to strike the appropriate balance between getting content widely distributed while at the same time protecting intellectual property rights. Thanks in advance for your cooperation.
Without Our Permission You are free to do the following without our permission:
Link to our site or any specific post on our site.
Extract and re-post less than 200 words on any other site, provided you link back to our original post.
Print off our posts and photocopy up to 50 copies for internal distribution within your own company or organization.
Print our posts in any non-commercial publication (e.g., company newsletter, church newsletter, class syllabus, etc.), provided you include this copyright notice: “© 2018, Labor Relations institute. All rights reserved. Originally published at LRIOnline.com.”
Not Without Our Permission You must have our express written consent to do any of the following:
Use this content for commercial purposes, including selling or licensing printed or digital versions of our content.
Alter, transform, or build upon this work.
Re-posting and Translation Rights We do not permit the re-posting of our posts in their entirety. This is because Google penalizes websites for publishing duplicate content. It often can’t tell which site hosts the original, so Labor Relations Institute risks getting penalized for granting permission. In addition, we don’t allow the translation and publication of our work in other languages. We simply don’t have the resources to validate the quality of the work.
Guest Posts Guest bloggers retain the copyright to the posts they write. The above permission guidelines do not apply to their work. If you are interested in re-posting or publishing their content, you must contact them directly. We cannot serve as a broker, agent, or contact point. If you have some use for our content that is not covered here, please email us.
Comments Policy
As you know, we here at Labor Relations Institute are all about the conversation. But without a few simple ground rules, that conversation can turn into a shouting match that discourages others from entering into the fray. So here is our comments policy. By posting on our blog, you agree to the following:
You may comment without registering. You can log in via Twitter or LinkedIn—or not at all. It’s up to you.
You may post anonymously. We don’t recommend this, but you may do so if you wish. We may change this rule if it is abused.
You may post follow-up questions. If you have a question, chances are you are not alone. Others are likely thinking similarly. It is a better use of our time to address everyone at once rather than answer several similar e-mails.
You may disagree with us. We welcome debate. However, we ask that if you disagree with us — or anyone else, for that matter — do so in a way that is respectful. In our opinion, there is way too much shouting in the public square to tolerate it here.
LRI reserves the right to delete your comments. This is our site. We don’t have an obligation to publish your comments. The First Amendment gives you the right to express your opinions on your blog, not ours. We will delete your comments if you post something that is, in our opinion, (a) snarky; (b) off-topic; (c) libelous, defamatory, abusive, harassing, threatening, profane, pornographic, offensive, false, misleading, or which otherwise violates or encourages others to violate my sense of decorum and civility or any law, including intellectual property laws; or (d) “spam,” i.e., an attempt to advertise, solicit, or otherwise promote goods and services. You may, however, post a link to your site or your most recent blog post.
You retain ownership of your comments. We do not own them and We expressly disclaim any and all liability that may result from them. By commenting on our site, you agree that you retain all ownership rights in what you post here and that you will relieve me from any and all liability that may result from those postings.
You grant us a license to post your comments. This license is worldwide, irrevocable, nonexclusive, and royalty free. You grant us the right to store, use, transmit, display, publish, reproduce, and distribute your comments in any format, including but not limited to a blog, in a book, a video, or presentation.
In short, our goal is to host interesting conversations with caring, honest, and respectful people. We believe this simple comments policy will facilitate this.
Terms of Use
Please read the following terms of use relating to your use of this site, and all the sites listed below under our brand, carefully. By using these sites, you agree to these terms of use. We reserve the right to modify these terms at any time, so please check this page periodically for changes. By using these sites after we post any changes to these terms, you agree to accept those changes, whether or not you have reviewed them or been notified about them. If at any time you choose not to accept these terms of use, please do not use this site or any of our sites.
Owners and Collectors of Information These terms of use apply to your use of all of the Sites and services owned, hosted, or operated by Labor Relations Institute, Inc. (collectively “we,” “us,” or “our”). These terms of use also apply to any other site that we have owned or operated, do own and operate or may own or operate in the future including social media sites (collectively, the “Sites”). Unless we say otherwise, all references to the Sites in these terms of use include all such Sites. These terms of use do not apply to your use of unaffiliated Sites to which any of the Sites may link to or direct you to.
If you have any questions about these terms of use you may contact us at:
Labor Relations Institute, Inc.
P.O. Box 1529
Broken Arrow, OK 74013
Telephone: (800) 888-9115
You may also email us.
Restrictions The contents of our Sites are protected by copyright and trademark laws, and are the property of their owners. All information on the Sites is copyrighted by Labor Relations Institute. Unless otherwise noted, you may access and use the information and materials within the Sites for your personal use. You may not change, modify, delete, display, transmit, adapt, exploit, or copy for distribution or sale any information, material, trademark, or copyright on the Sites. You must obtain written permission from us or any other entity who owns intellectual property on the Sites before you may publish, distribute, display, or commercially exploit any material from the Sites. By using the Sites, you agree to abide by all copyright notices or other posted restrictions.
Links These terms of use apply only to our Sites, and not to the Sites of any other companies or organizations, including those we link to. We do not maintain, create, endorse, or take any responsibility for the contents, advertising, products or other materials made available through any other site, including those we link to. Under no circumstances will we be held responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damage that is caused or alleged to have been caused to you in connection with your use of any content, goods or services available on any other site.
Submissions We welcome your comments about any of the Sites. However, we will not review or consider any unsolicited creative submissions or suggestions for topics on our blogs, podcasts, seminars or within our newsletters or products. We hope you will understand that this policy is intended to avoid the possibility of future misunderstandings in the event that ideas developed by our staff might seem to be similar to the ideas submitted to us. Accordingly, we must ask that you not send us any original creative ideas, suggestions or materials.
If, despite our request, you send us any idea, suggestion or material (“Submission”), it shall become our property. We will not be subject to any obligation of confidence for any Submission, and we will not be liable for any use or disclosure of any Submission. In the case that you submit something to us and it is unsolicited, we will exclusively own all rights to the Submission worldwide, and we will be entitled to the unrestricted use of the Submission for any purpose, without compensation or notification to the provider of the Submission. Given this fact, we ask that you refrain from submitting creative projects to us, particularly those that are confidential or personal to you.
Forums A “forum” means any blog comments, message board, chat room, user review forum or other interactive service appearing on any of the Sites and includes both public boards and private forums. You must register in accordance with instructions that you will find on the Sites in order to contribute to any forum. You may not post on any forum, or send to any other forum user or our staff, any material that is abusive, vulgar, threatening, harassing, libelous, defamatory, obscene, invades a person’s privacy, violates any intellectual or other property rights, or that would otherwise violate any law. You may not use any forum in a commercial manner.
You may not post material that solicits funds, or that advertises or solicits goods or services. You may not post material known to be false. You may not post messages that contain stock touts. You may not post or transmit any information, software or other material that contains a virus or other harmful component.
We are not responsible for material appearing in any forum on the Sites, except for material signed by one of our identified representatives. We are not responsible for screening material posted by users for libel, obscenity, invasion of privacy, copyright or trademark infringement, accuracy, or for any other reason. We retain, however, the right to modify or remove messages or other material that we, in our sole discretion, consider infringing, offensive, abusive, defamatory, obscene, snarky, stale, or otherwise unacceptable. We also reserve the right to edit materials for any other reason.
Whether or not we modify or remove such material, users remain solely responsible for the content of their messages or postings. By posting on the Sites, you grant (or warrant that the owner of such rights has expressly granted) us and/or relevant affiliated companies the worldwide, perpetual, nonexclusive right to use your questions, comments, and postings, in their original or edited form, in television programs, books, articles, commentaries, or in any other medium now known or later developed.
You also warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content you have posted and that the public posting and use of such content by us will not infringe the rights of any third party. Additionally, you warrant that any “moral rights” in posted materials have been waived. You are not entitled to any compensation for any materials you may post on the Sites.
Registration We may, at our discretion, suspend or terminate the registration of any forum user or general user who violates any of these terms of use of use, any of the forum member guidelines or for any other behavior that we in our discretion believe is inappropriate.
Disclaimers The information, services, products, claims, topics, and materials on our Sites are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied. We disclaim all warranties, expressed or implied, including but not limited to implied effectiveness of the ideas or strategies listed on this site as well as those that are provided in our products or to our participants at our events. The only exception is the guarantees of satisfaction and graduation that are clearly labeled guarantees within our Sites.
Neither we nor any of our respective licensors or suppliers warrant that any functions contained in the Sites will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Sites or the server that makes them available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Neither we nor any of our respective licensors or suppliers warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the services, products, information or materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. You (and not we or any of our respective licensors or suppliers) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction to your system. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
We do not endorse, warrant or guarantee any writers, speakers, products or services offered on the Sites or those we link to. We are not a party to, and do not monitor, any transaction between users and third-party providers of products or services.
Limitation of Liability Under no circumstances, including but not limited to negligence, will we or any of our licensors or suppliers be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials or information on the Sites, or any products or services provided pursuant to the Sites, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages (including but not limited to lost data), so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. In no event shall the total liability to you by us or any of our licensors or suppliers for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort, or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you to us, if any, for accessing the Sites.
Under no circumstances will we be held responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damage that is caused or alleged to have been caused to you in connection with your use of any advice, goods or services you receive from a guest speaker on our Sites or at one of our events.
We are also not responsible or liable for any loss or damage that is caused or alleged to have been caused to our guest blog posters or speakers in connection with the display of their photo, name, or biography posted on our Sites or in our marketing materials.
No Professional Advice The information contained in or made available through the Sites (including but not limited to information contained on message boards, in text files, or in chats) cannot replace or substitute for the services of trained professionals in any field, including, but not limited to, financial, medical, psychological, or legal matters. In particular, you should regularly consult a doctor in all matters relating to physical or mental health, particularly concerning any symptoms that may require diagnosis or medical attention. We and our licensors or suppliers make no representations or warranties concerning any treatment, action, or application of medication or preparation by any person following the information offered or provided within or through the Sites. Neither we nor our partners, or any of their affiliates, will be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, special, exemplary or other damages that may result, including but not limited to economic loss, injury, illness or death.
You alone are responsible and accountable for your decisions, actions and results in life, and by your use of the Sites, you agree not to attempt to hold us liable for any such decisions, actions or results, at any time, under any circumstance.
Earnings Disclaimer All products and services by our company are for educational and informational purposes only. Nothing on this page, any of our websites, or any of our content or curriculum is a promise or guarantee of results or future earnings. We are not a law firm and do not offer any legal, medical, tax or other professional advice. Any financial numbers referenced here, or on any of our sites, are illustrative of concepts only and should not be considered average earnings, exact earnings, or promises for actual or future performance. Making decisions based on any information presented in our products, events, services, or web site, should be done only with the knowledge that you could experience risk or losses just like any entrepreneurial endeavor. Use caution and always consult your accountant, lawyer or professional advisor before acting on this or any information related to a lifestyle change or your business or finances. You alone are responsible and accountable for your decisions, actions and results in life, and by your registration here you agree not to attempt to hold us liable for your decisions, actions or results, at any time, under any circumstance.
Parental Permission The Sites are not directed to children under the age of 13 and we will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. We strongly recommend that parents participate in their children’s exploration of the internet and any online services and use their browser’s parental controls to limit the areas of the internet to which their children have access. We may, at our discretion, require users under 18 to obtain the consent of a parent or guardian to view certain content, and we may limit access to certain content to users above a specified age. You agree to abide by any such restrictions, and not to help anyone avoid these restrictions.
Confidentiality and Non-Compete Users of our Sites hereby understand that the tools, processes, strategies, materials and information presented on our Sites are copyrighted and proprietary, so users agree not to record, duplicate, distribute, teach or train from our information in any manner whatsoever without our express written permission. Any unauthorized use or distribution of our Sites proprietary concepts, materials, and intellectual property by you or your representatives is prohibited and Promoter will pursue legal action and full damages if these terms are violated in order to protect its rights.
Privacy Policy We are committed to protecting your privacy and security and have explained in detail the steps we take to do so. We control this site from offices in the United States of America. We do not represent that materials on the site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Persons who choose to access this site from other locations do so on their own initiative, and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
Outside Sites (Their Privacy Policies May Be Different) The Site contains links to other websites, like our sponsor’s websites or links to booksellers, that may offer products or services that our customers might find useful. These sites may request information from you. In such instances, the collection and use of your personal information will be governed by the privacy policy applicable to that site. We do not control the privacy policies, contents or links that appear on these sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third party sites or services before providing any of them with your personal information.
How and Why We Collect Information We collect your information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select. If you register for a course, a membership site, or a free training series, for example, the information is used to enroll you in the program, to enroll you in our newsletters, to track your preferences, and to keep you informed about the product and related products. As a visitor to our Sites, you can engage in many activities without providing any personal information.
If you opt in to receive any free training series, download a free product, register for a webinar, seminar, or live event, or purchase any product sold by us or promoted by us, you will automatically be subscribed to our free newsletter. If you do not wish to receive this free newsletter, you may opt out at any time. We include an unsubscribe link at the bottom of every e-mail we send. If you have any trouble opting out, please send an e-mail to us. We will manually remove you from our e-mail list(s).
In connection with other activities, such as those described above, we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, we may ask that you provide us personal information, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including ZIP code), e-mail address, telephone, credit card, and other personal information. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity.
In all cases, we will collect personal identification information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us. We will also tell you how we use your information or if we share it with another party. Except as otherwise provided in this policy, we will never intentionally disclose any personal identification information about you as an individual user to any third party without having received your permission.
If you supply us with your contact information you may receive periodic e-mails, mailings or calls from us with information on new products and services, important issues, or upcoming events. If you wish to be removed from any postal, e-mail, phone, or other lists, please let us know by e-mailing us. You can also write us or call us at the contact information above. Please provide us with your exact name, e-mail address, mailing address, and phone. We will be sure your name is removed from the appropriate lists immediately.
When you use our Sites, we or our authorized technology services provider may also collect certain technical and routing information from you to facilitate your use of the Site and its services. We use this information to administer the Site and to understand and measure traffic patterns on the Site so that we know which areas of our sites are favorites of our users, which areas need improvement, and what technologies are being used so that we may continually improve our sites. This information is collected in aggregate form, without identifying you or any user individually. We may use this aggregate, non-identifying statistical data for statistical analysis, marketing, or similar promotional purposes. This data is often tracked by us and our technology services provider by using “cookies” during your visit. A cookie is small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It functions as your identification card and enables us to record your passwords, purchases, and preferences. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. (For some web pages that require an authorization, cookies are not optional. Users choosing not to accept cookies will probably not be able to access those pages.)
In addition to using cookies and related technologies as described above, we also may permit certain third party companies to help us tailor advertising that we think may be of interest to users and to collect and use other data about user activities on our Sites and/or Services (e.g., to allow them to tailor ads on third party services). For example, we may use Google’s “remarketing” service to target our ads to you based on your prior use of the Site when you visit on other sites in Google’s content network. These companies may deliver ads that might also place cookies and otherwise track user behavior. You can opt out of Google’s use of cookies here. You can opt out of other advertisers’ use of cookies here.
Exceptions to Privacy Policy While we are committed to keeping your information secure and private, we have the following exceptions to our privacy policy: We will release specific information about you or your account to comply with any valid legal inquiry or process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute or court order. We will also release specific information in special cases, such as if there is an attempted breach of the security of the Sites, or a physical or property threat to you or others. We may also transfer user information, including personally identifiable information, in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, the sale of related assets or corporate division or other fundamental corporate change.
Further, the information you enter when making a purchase or an online donation will be shared with payment processors, financial gateways, and your credit card company to authorize credit card payments. Such information may also be shared with necessary third parties solely for the purpose or carrying out the transactions. Please note that if you give out personal information online through a discussion board or posting site, that information can be collected and used by third parties. Although we strive to protect our users’ privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of information you post in these forums. You disclose such information at your own risk.
Miscellaneous These terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Oklahoma, without regard to any principles of conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in equity that arises out of or relates to these terms will be subject to mediation in the State of Oklahoma. If any of these terms of use are found unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be considered severable from the remaining terms of use, and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. These terms may be modified only by our posting of changes to these terms of use on our Sites.
European Union Data Transfer
Transfer of Data to the United States
We are based in the United States. By using our services you consent to the transfer of your personal data to the United States, and to the processing and use of that personal data in the United States. This processing and use is limited to what is described in this privacy policy and the terms of use.
Marketing Activities
We may use your information to offer you products and services that we think may be of interest to you, unless you have opted out of marketing communications. If you are in the European Economic Area, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent before sending you any marketing communications. You may object to the use of your data for direct marketing purposes at any time, free of charge, when we collect your personal information and in every marketing communication. We will never provide your information to third parties for marketing purposes without your prior consent.