https://lrsarchitects.com/privacypolicy
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Welcome to lrsarchitects.com!
Your trust is extremely important to us. We want you to understand what personal information we may collect from you, how we use that information, and the choices you have regarding the use of this information. We take the protection and proper use of your personal information very seriously and are committed to safeguarding it to the best of our abilities. In this policy, personal information means any information by which you can be identified or contacted, such as your name, address, email address, and telephone number. This privacy policy governs your experience on lrsarchitects.com.
Information We Collect
We collect personal information when communicating or interacting with you through lrsarchitects.com. Some examples include:
when you contact us with a comment or question via
contact@lrsarchitects.com or through our Connect form
requesting a catalog or other content and communications from us
subscribing to our email newsletter or other communications from us
when you apply for employment
How We Use Your Information
We use the personal information that we and our service providers collect to conduct our business and to provide you with the best possible service and experience. We may collect and use your information to provide you services; process and respond to your application for current or future career opportunities; process account requests; to respond to your comments or questions; determine your satisfaction with our programs and service; and to send you marketing communications and other information you have chosen to receive regarding our projects, services, or events.
How We Share Your Information
To best serve you, LRS may share your personal information with service providers that provide support services to us or that help us market our products and services, administer our programs, operations, and fulfill your requests. Service providers, third parties who perform services on our behalf, are prohibited from using your information in any manner other than in helping us to provide you with services available from LRS. We may also, in certain instances, disclose your personal information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify you, contact you, or bring legal action to protect your rights or the rights of LRS or others. We may also disclose your personal information when you ask us to do so or when we believe it is required by law.
Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Technologies
Our website uses cookie and web beacon technology. We use cookies and web beacons to identify your device, distinguish you from other visitors, record your IP address, understand how you use our site, and identify the name of the website from which you linked to LRS Architects. This information helps us serve you better by improving our website design. We do not otherwise track any information about your use of other websites. Information obtained through cookies and web beacons may be shared with or obtained by service providers acting on our behalf. A cookie is a small data file that is placed on the hard drive of your computer when you visit a website. A session cookie expires when you end your session. A persistent cookie stores information on the hard drive so when you end your session and return to the same website at a later date, the cookie information is still available. A web beacon is a small string of code that represents a graphic image and is used in conjunction with a cookie. When you visit our website, we may use both a session and a persistent cookie. This cookie may contain information that is used to track your usage of our website. A web beacon allows us to capture certain additional types of information about a visitor’s actions on a web site, such as a visitor’s cookie number, the time, date, duration and number of page views, and a description of the page where the web beacon is placed. You can disable cookies at any time by accessing your browser settings.
Links to Other Websites
LRS may include links to other Internet sites, content, or videos (embedded or direct links) maintained by third parties (linked sites). LRS Architects provides linked sites to you solely as a convenience, and the inclusion of linked sites does not necessarily imply endorsement by LRS of the linked sites. You access linked sites at your own risk and by accessing them you leave the LRS website. Linked sites are not under the control of LRS and we are not responsible for the contents of any linked site, including the privacy policies or tracking technologies they may use.
Social Media
LRS invites you to socialize and share your inspiration, ideas, and projects with your friends using social media tools including Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Pinterest. If you choose to use these tools, you may be sharing certain profile elements. This sharing is subject to each social media program’s privacy policies.
Children’s Privacy
LRS will never knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age without prior verifiable parental consent. If you are under 13 years old please do not provide your information on our website. If we become aware that an individual is under the age of 13 and has submitted any information to LRS for any purpose without prior verifiable parental consent, we will delete his or her information from our files.
Business Transitions
As we continue to develop our business, we may undergo a business transition such as acquiring another firm, merging with an existing firm, or selling a portion of our assets. In such transitions, customer information may be one of the business assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. In the unlikely event that LRS Architects or its assets are acquired or enter a court proceeding, you acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that your personal information can continue to be used as set forth in this privacy policy.
Policy Changes
This policy replaces all previous disclosures we may have provided you about our information practices. We reserve the right to change this policy, and to apply any changes to information previously collected, as permitted by law. If there are material changes to this policy or our information practices change in the future, we will notify you by posting the policy changes on our website. If you have questions regarding our privacy policy please contact us at:
LRS Architects
720 NW Davis St. Suite 300 Portland, OR 97209
contact@lrsarchitects.com
Updated 01/24/2020
Let’s create something great
Connect with Us