https://lynchfinancialadvisors.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
At Lynch Financial Advisors (LFA) your complete privacy is essential to the way we do business. We are firmly committed to making your experience with LFA informative and private. We do not sell or rent any name, address, e-mail address or any other personal information you provide to LFA.
LFA maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to protect its clients’ nonpublic personal information (“information”). Through this policy and its underlying procedures, LFA attempts to secure the confidentiality of customer records and information and protect against anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of customer records and information.
LFA permits only authorized employees and affiliates who have signed a copy of LFA’s Privacy Policy to have access to client information. Employees violating LFA’s Privacy Policy will be subject to LFA’s disciplinary process. Additionally, whenever LFA hires other organizations to provide services to LFA’s clients, LFA will require them to sign confidentiality agreements and/or the Privacy Policy.
When you visit our website, the following data may be collected in order for us to better target our marketing:
The type of browser
Geographic region the connection is originating from
Date and time use of site began
Pages visited on our site
Date and time use of site ended.
This information is used solely to determine traffic patterns and performance on the site. No personal information is collected at any time.
LFA does not participate in any form of spam messaging. All recipients of legitimate e-mail from LFA are those with prior business history, such as clients. Beyond that, email may be sent on a “request only” basis to those who have requested information about LFA, or those who have subscribed to our services via strictly voluntary opt-in methods.
We will contact you only if you ask us to do so in an online form, by telephone or via e-mail, or if you decide to receive our interim newsletters.
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about our privacy policy or any other element of this web site, please contact us directly and share your opinions.
LFA, Inc. 1700 Eureka Road, Suite 155, Roseville, CA, 95661. 916-772-3103
1-hour meeting
get started
Thought Leadership
Finding the right Financial Advisor for you
Related Content