https://macchain.com/privacy-policy
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement Your privacy is very important to Mac Chain. As part of the normal operation of this web site, we may request that you provide us with certain personal information about you so that you can receive additional information or utilize the various services offered. This information may be used to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze the usage of the site, to improve our web site content and to customize our web site’s content and layout. We believe these uses allow us to improve our web site and better tailor it to meet our user's needs. We may use your email address and, in certain situations, your mailing address and phone number, to contact you regarding administrative notices from time to time.Mac Chain does not sell, rent or otherwise provide any personally identifiable information about you to a third party. We adhere to strict privacy protection guidelines ensuring your personal information is kept confidential. We do not share or solicit the information captured in any way. We respect your identity and keep it private. You will not be subjected to intrusive marketing.Copyright All images on britco.com are valuable intellectual properties and protected by copyright. They must not be sent to third parties with the intent of resale or commercial use. Our copyrights and trademarks are our controlled property. Users may use the content and services of the site for personal and non-commercial purposes only.Links to Third Party Sites Links to their party sites from this web site does not indicate our endorsement of any materials contained therein or of the entities that publish those sites. Should you choose to use the services or products from a third party link, even if it appears that you are still in the britco.com web site, you will be under the privacy policies and guidelines of that third party's business. Mac Chain does not have responsibility and shall not be liable for the accuracy or availability of information provided by web sites, which are linked to the site via hypertext or other computer links.Specifications, and other Information Although every effort has been made to ensure that the specifications and other information contained in this web site are accurate and current, at any time such information is subject to change without notices. Mac Chain shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of, or relating to, any change or error in the information on this web site.Limitation of LiabilityMac Chain uses it's best efforts to maintain this site, but is not responsible for the results of any defects that may be found to exist, or any lost profits or other consequential damages that may result from such defects in the use and operation of this site. Mac Chain shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of, or relating to, the use of or inability to use the content in this web site.Mac Chain understands the importance of protecting children's privacy, especially in an online environment. Our sites are not intentionally designed for or directed at children under the age of 13 years. It is our policy never to knowingly collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13.Your Consent and Changes to the Privacy Policy By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of your information as we have outlined on this page and in our Privacy Statement. Mac Chain may decide to change our Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.