http://macinteriors.com/#cookie-policy/
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website, including smooth operation of the website and marketing solutions. If you continue to browse without changing your settings, we will assume that you agree to receive all cookies on our website. However, you can change your cookie settings at any time. For more details please get acquainted with our Cookies Policy.
I agree
Read more
Cookie Policy
Welcome to the http://www.macinteriors.com/ website (the “Website”). The Website is owned and operated by Magnetic MRO AS (company code 10865988, VAT code EE100764615), with a registered office at: Väike-Sõjamäe tn 1a, 11415, Tallinn linn, Harju maakond, Republic of Estonia (“Magnetic MRO”). Magnetic MRO uses technology to collect information about the use of the Website and to distinguish the User from other users of Website in order to improve User‘s experience while browsing the Website.Magnetic MRO uses cookies. A cookie is a small text file which is sent to the User‘s browser and stored on the hard drive of User‘s computer (or internet enabled device) when the User visits a Website. The text file contains information and is, among other things, used for supporting the visitor's use of the relevant website.Magnetic MRO uses both types of cookies. The first type, which is called a persistent cookie, stores a file on User’s hard disk for a certain period of time. The other type, which is called a session cookie, is only stored temporarily during the time the User visits a site.This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, for details, see aboutcookies.org. However, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.Magnetic MRO uses the following cookies on the Website:
COOKIE
PURPOSE
THE PERIOD OF VALIDITY
Category: Necessary
Necessary cookies help make a website
usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure
areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these
cookies
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the
current domain
1 year
PHPSESSID
Preserves user session state across page requests
Session
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy is applicable to personal data submitted through http://macinteriors.com website (hereinafter – the “Website”). This Website is managed by Magnetic MRO AS, company  code 10865988, established in Väike-Sõjamäe 1A, 11415 Tallinn, Estonia (hereinafter – “Magnetic MRO”), acting as a data controller. Magnetic MRO is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes how and when Magnetic MRO collects, uses, and shares your information, including informing you of your rights regarding your personal information that we hold. Your personal data are processed as described in this Privacy Policy. We therefore ask you to read it carefully before communicating any of your data through macinteriors.com.Magnetic MRO informs you that your personal data will be processed in full compliance with the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 and that the present privacy policy is provided pursuant to Article 13 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (hereinafter – “GDPR”).Information you provideYou may provide personally identifiable information (“personal data”) about yourself when you use our services and, of course, when you fill in your personal data in “contact us form”, “job application form”, “registration to training form”, “training request form” or “training newsletter subscription form” on our Website (name, e-mail address, phone number, job title, the company you are part of, and your postal address). Persons that are under 16 years old cannot provide their personal data through this Website. If you are below the age of 16 years, please provide consent for personal data submission and processing by the holder of parental responsibility over you.Information collected automaticallyWe may collect following data automatically when you browse our Website:IP addressesInformation about what type of device you use to connect to our websiteHow you interact with our website.Our Cookie Policy is located at http://macinteriors.com/#cookie-policy/Purposes of the processing and legal basisWe process personal data for the sole purposes of Magnetic MRO, namely:for the organisation, management and functioning of the Website;for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps prior to entering into a contract;for the performance of a contract to which the company you are representing is a party or in order to take steps prior to entering into a contract;for replying to queries submitted via Website;for sending newsletters if you have subscribed to;for considering job applications submitted via Website;for performance of internal business administration including fulfilling any legal requirements (e.g. forwarding of information to investigative bodies, etc.)The legal basis for the processing of your personal data for the purposes indicated under sections a), c), d), e) and f) of the previous paragraph is Article 6.1.a. of the GDPR. The legal basis for the processing of your personal data for the purposes indicated under section b) of the previous paragraph is Article 6.1.b. of the GDPR. The legal basis for the processing of your personal data for the purposes indicated under section g) of the previous paragraph is Article 6.1.f. of the GDPR. The provision of your personal data is voluntary, but any refusal to provide such data will not allow the correct use of Magnetic MRO services. By ticking the boxes in “contact us form”, “job application form”, “registration to training form”, “training request form” or “training newsletter subscription form” you give your consent collection and processing of your personal data as defined in this Privacy Policy. You can withdraw the consent contacting Magnetic MRO as described in the section dedicated to “Exercise of users’ data protection rights”. However, such consent on processing of personal data cannot be revoked retrospectively. Recipients of DataWe may share your data with the following entities:Affiliates and Partners. We may share your data with Magnetic MRO group companies and partners involved in services provision. These entities may receive your information only to the extent necessary for the proper execution of the purposes defined above.Data Processors. We may share your data with partners providing technological services, which were formally bound by means of a data processing agreement, pursuant to article 28 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679. The full list of data processors is available by simple request to Magnetic MRO by sending an email to dpo@magneticmro.com. In addition, personal data may be transferred in case Magnetic MRO merge, re-organise or transfer all or part of Magnetic MRO business in which case your information will be disclosed to potential or actual successors of the business.Parties when required by law or as necessary to protect our services. Other Parties in Aggregated Form. We may also share your data with third parties in aggregated or non-personally identifiable form. In this case the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 does not apply.Where we store your personal dataWe primarily store and process your personal data in the EU/European Economic Area (“EEA”). If we do transfer your personal data outside the EEA it will be because you have consented or because we have a legal reason to do so.If your personal data cannot be processed within the EEA, we will:Comply with all other data protection principles;Where possible, be to a country that is on the list of the EU Commissions’ countries that provide adequate protections for the rights and freedoms of data subjects;Make sure we have assessed the adequacy of protections in all other cases.Period of storageYour personal data will be kept for no longer than is necessary for the specific purposes for which the personal data are processed. SecurityPursuant to Article 25 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679, we implement appropriate technical and organisational measures, which are designed to implement data-protection principles, such as data minimisation, in an effective manner and to integrate the necessary safeguards into the processing in order to meet the requirements of the Regulation and protect the rights of data subjects. Furthermore, according to Article 32 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679, we implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk and safeguard personal data in our possession against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, theft, alteration or unauthorised use or disclosure. Please note, however, that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect the information we maintain, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us.Changes to this policyWe may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will be located at http://macinteriors/privacy-policy.We may make changes to this policy at our sole discretion. By continuing to access or use the Website after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.Exercise of users’ data protection rightsYou may contact us, via email at dpo@magneticmro.com or via post at Väike-Sõjamäe 1A, 11415 Tallinn, Estonia, in order to assert your rights, as described in Articles 15 to 22 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679, namely to demand: the confirmation of the existence of data concerning yourself and their origin and processing and the purposes thereof; the erasure (Article 17) or the rectification of data (Article 16); the restriction of processing (Article 18); the right to object (Article 22) and the right to data portability (Article 20). We shall provide information on action taken on a request under Articles 15 to 22 to you without undue delay and in any event within one month of receipt of the request. That period may be extended by two further months where necessary, taking into account the complexity and number of the requests. Magnetic MRO shall inform you of any such extension within one month of receipt of the request, together with the reasons for the delay. Where the request is made by electronic form means, the information shall be provided by electronic means where possible, unless otherwise requested by you.We inform you that you have the right to lodge a complaint to the competent data protection authority, pursuant to Article 77 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679, if you believe that your personal data have been processed in violation of any applicable law concerning data protection.
MAGNETIC MRO AS – WEBSITE USAGE TERMS
1. General provisionsWelcome to the macinteriors.com website (the “Website”). The Website is owned and operated by Magnetic MRO AS (company code 10865988, VAT code EE100764615), with a registered office at: Väike-Sõjamäe tn 1a, 11415, Tallinn linn, Harju maakond, Republic of Estonia (“Magnetic MRO”). These website usage terms and any other policies referred to in these website usage terms (including any policies or documents to which a link is provided from these website usage terms) (together the "Terms") regulate the legal relationship arising between Magnetic MRO and a natural or legal person who uses the Website (the “User”) and apply to use of and access to the Website permitting the User to place an order for any products and services made available by Magnetic MRO for purchase over the Website. Please read these Terms before using the Website. The User should stop using the Website in case of disagreement with the Terms. By keeping to browse the Website, the User agrees to be bound by the Terms, all applicable laws and regulations, and agrees to be responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws, irrespective of whether the User is a registered Website user or not.Individual documents and parts of the Website may include special terms to be applied in addition to these Terms. The use of the services or purchase of products provided by Magnetic MRO is governed by special service agreement terms. In the event of a conflict between the Terms and the terms of the individual documents, the latter shall apply. By using the Website (including by registering for an account, by clicking the “submit”, “accept” or “continue” buttons, by signing or otherwise indicating the acceptance of these Terms) the User (or the representative of the User) represents and warrants that:he/she is at least 18 years old;he/she gives the consent to the collection, transfer, processing, storage, disclosure and other uses of personal information as described in the Privacy Policy (http://macinteriors.com/privacy-policy);in case of using the Website on behalf of an organization, the representative of the User is agreeing on these Terms on behalf of that organization and warrants that he/she is authorized to bind the represented organization.These Terms apply to the maximum extent permitted by law. If some provision of the Terms is invalid due to its contradiction with the applicable law, this does not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of the Terms.Magnetic MRO shall be entitled to, at any time, for any reason and without prior notice (i) amend these Terms and the appearance, content, availability and other features of this Website and the services and products supplied via this Website as well as (ii) restrict the access to the Website. Amendments and modifications of the Terms will enter into force as of the date of their publication in the Website, unless otherwise provided for in the amendments and modifications. The most current version of the Terms is always available on the Website. By continuing the use of the Website after the changes come into effect, the User agrees to the changes and is bound by the revised Terms.2. Intellectual PropertyThe Website, Website content (data and materials in any form, including texts, translations, photos, links, videos, files, etc., which may be made available on Website), Website code, domain name, and all copyrights, trademarks, corporate names and all other intellectual property or property therein are fully owned by Magnetic MRO and/or its licensors and/or content providers, and are protected by applicable domestic and international intellectual property and other laws.Unless expressly permitted by Magnetic MRO, the User shall not copy, capture, reproduce, perform, transfer, sell, license, modify, create derivative works from or based upon, republish, submit, edit, post, transmit, publicly display, frame, distribute, or exploit in whole or in part the website, the Website content or Website code, or otherwise use the Website, Website content or Website code, in any form or by any means.Magnetic MRO grants the User in accordance to these Terms a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right and license to access and use the Website and the Website content, provided that the User comply fully with these Terms. 3. LiabilityIf User breaches obligations under the Terms, he/she will be obliged to compensate Magnetic MRO or other third party the damages suffered and reimburse all and any losses, expenses and costs incurred by Magnetic MRO or third party due to such breach. Reimbursement of losses does not exempt the User from the further fulfillment of the obligations undertaken by the Terms.THE CONTENTS OF THE WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS", "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS WARRANTY OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. MAGNETIC MRO DOES NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTIES THAT (I) THE QUALITY OF THE SERVICE, PRODUCTS OR INFORMATION WILL MEET REQUIREMENTS OR EXPECTATIONS OF THE USER; OR (II) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, COMPATIBLE WITH THE EQUIPMENT AND SOFTWARE WHICH THE USER MAY USE OR ERROR-FREE OR ERRORS OR DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL MAGNETIC MRO BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, ACTUAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF INFORMATION) ARISING FROM THE CONTENT OF THE WEBSITE, OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEBSITE, EVEN IF MAGNETIC MRO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. Furthermore, Magnetic MRO does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of information of links or other items contained within these materials that have been provided by third parties.Magnetic MRO will use all reasonable efforts to ensure that the information and materials provided on the Website are correct. However, Magnetic MRO cannot guarantee the accuracy of all information and materials, and does not assume any responsibility or liability for the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of any information and materials contained on the Website.4. Material provided by the User By submitting information and/or material via the Website or via e-mail to Magnetic MRO, the User agrees and warrants that: (i) the materials and information submitted by the User are correct and actual and are not unlawful or otherwise unfit for publication; (ii) the User has, before submitting any material, used reasonable efforts to make sure that the material does not include any viruses and that the material is not otherwise harmful; (iii) the User is entitled to transfer the material to Magnetic MRO; (iv) the User agrees not to present any claims against Magnetic MRO as regards the material that the User has submitted and the User agrees to indemnify Magnetic MRO, if any third party presents any claims against Magnetic MRO as regards the respective material.The User is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of his/her account and password. The User accepts responsibility for all activities that occur under his/her account or password. The User agrees to immediately notify Magnetic MRO in the event of any unauthorized use of User account or other breach of security. 5. Third Party LinksThis Website may contain links that make it easy for users to visit other websites. If the User uses the links to leave the Website and visit a website operated by a third party, Magnetic MRO does not have any control over that website. Accordingly, Magnetic MRO makes no guarantees about the accuracy, currency, suitability or quality of the information in such third party website, and Magnetic MRO assumes no responsibility for unintended, objectionable, inaccurate, misleading or unlawful third party content made available by other users or third parties, or violation of any third party rights related to such content. Magnetic MRO cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which users have provided while visiting such websites. 6. Applicable Law and Dispute ResolutionThe laws of the Republic of Estonia and directly applicable legislation of the European Union shall govern the relations between Magnetic MRO and the User. As the Website may be accessed from all countries around the world and each of these countries has laws that may differ from those of Estonia, by accessing the Website, the User acknowledges and agrees that all matters relating to access to, or use of the Website shall be governed by the laws of Estonia (without reference to conflicts of laws principles).Any and all disputes arising out of or in connection with the access or use of the Website shall be resolved through negotiations, if the parties do not reach an agreement regarding the dispute, then the dispute shall be settled in the courts of the Republic of Estonia pursuant to the procedure set forth by the law.7. Contact InformationIf you wish to report a violation of the Terms, have any question or need assistance regarding the Terms, please contact Magnetic MRO as follows: Email: info@magneticmro.comPhone: +372 6401 119
MAC Aero Interiors Ltd
(trading as MAC Interiors)
Conditions of Sale
PROPRIETARY INFORMATION
The copyright and all rights of a like nature in respect of these Conditions of Sale is the property of MAC Aero Interiors Ltd.
© MAC Aero Interiors Ltd 2016
INTERPRETATION
The definitions and rules of interpretation in this clause apply in these Conditions of sale.
"Buyer"
The person, firm or company who purchases the Goods
from the Company
"Company"
MAC Aero Interiors Ltd
"Contract"
any contract between the Company and the Buyer for
the sale and purchase of the Goods, incorporating these
conditions, the Buyer’s purchase order, the
Specification and/or the quotation given by the
Company (if not incorporated in the Specification)
"Delivery Point"
the place where delivery of the Goods is to take place
under clause 4.
"Goods"
any goods agreed in the Contract to be supplied to the
Buyer by the Company (including any part or parts of
them).
“IPRs”
patents, rights to inventions, copyright and related
rights, trademarks, trade names, rights in designs, rights
in computer software, rights in confidential information
(including know-how and trade secrets) and any other
intellectual property rights, in each case whether
registered or unregistered and including all applications
(or rights to apply) for, and renewals or extensions of,
such rights and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection which subsist or will subsist
now or in the future in any part of the world
“Services”
Any service provided by the Company to the Buyer
according to Buyer’s order/ Company’s quotation.
“Specification”
The specification produced by the Company setting out,
amongst other things, the Goods to be provided.
A reference to a law is a reference to it as it is in force for the time being taking account of any amendment,
extension, application or re-enactment and includes any subordinate legislation for the time being in force
made under it.
Words in the singular include the plural and in the plural include the singular.
A reference to one gender includes a reference to the other gender.
Clauses headings do not affect the interpretation of these conditions.
APPLICATION OF TERMS
Subject to any variation under clause 2.3 the Contract shall be on these conditions to the exclusion of all other
terms and conditions (including any terms or conditions which the Buyer purports to apply at any time under
any purchase order, confirmation of order, specification or other document).
No terms or conditions endorsed on, delivered with or contained in the Buyer’s purchase order, confirmation
of order, specification or other document shall form part of the Contract simply as a result of such document
being referred to in the Contract.
These conditions apply to all the Company’s sales / provision of services, and any variation to these conditions
and any representations about the Goods / Services shall have no effect unless expressly agreed in writing and
signed by the authorized representative of the Company. The Buyer acknowledges that it has not relied on
any statement, promise or representation made or given by or on behalf of the Company which is not set out
in the Contract. Nothing in this clause shall exclude or limit the Company’s liability for fraudulent
misrepresentation.
Each order or acceptance of a quotation for Goods/ Services by the Buyer from the Company shall be deemed
to be an offer by the Buyer to buy Goods / Services subject to these conditions
No order placed by the Buyer shall be deemed to be accepted by the Company until a written
acknowledgement of order is issued by the Company or (if earlier) the Company delivers the Goods / Services
to the Buyer. All Goods quoted are subject to prior sale.
The Buyer shall ensure that the terms of its order and any applicable specification are complete and accurate.
Any quotation for Goods supply is valid for a period of 30 days only from its date, for Services – 30 days,
provided that the Company has not previously withdrawn it. Thereafter the Company reserves the right to
amend the quotation and/or the prices therein.
If not stated otherwise, the Buyer may make changes in the quantity, character, specifications, delivery and
other terms of the purchase order by a written change order, subject to written acceptance by the Company.
Cancellation of stock items: If accepted by the Company, change fee will correspond to 20 % of the total
purchase order value for each change. If the Buyer cancels purchase order for the Goods, the Company shall
charge restocking fee up to 20% of total price of purchase order. The Buyer shall also cover Company costs
incurred up to the date of purchase order change or cancellation. Cancellation of non-stock items:
cancellation conditions shall be defined on a case-by-case basis. Cancellation of Services: cancellation fee
depends on the time of receipt of the cancellation notice, and is subject to Services stage and costs incurred
prior to such cancellation notice. If cancellation notice is received by the Company more than 8 weeks prior to
Services start date - 50% of Services price shall be applicable as cancellation fee; if notice received less than 8
weeks prior to Services start date - 100% of Services price shall be applicable as cancellation fee. The Buyer
shall also cover Company costs incurred up to the date of cancellation of Services.
DESCRIPTION
The quantity and description of the Goods/ Services shall be as set out in the Company’s quotation,
Specification and/or acknowledgement of order.
All samples, drawings, descriptive matter, specifications and advertising issued by the Company and any
descriptions or illustrations contained in the Company’s catalogues or brochures are issued or published for
the sole purpose of giving an approximate idea of the Goods described in them. They shall not form part of
the Contract and this is not a sale by sample.
DELIVERY
Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Company, delivery of the Goods shall take place at the Company’s
place of business on EXW conditions.
The Buyer shall take delivery of the Goods within 28 (twenty eight) days of the Company giving it notice that
the Goods are ready for delivery.
Any dates specified by the Company for delivery of the Goods / performance of Services are intended to be
an estimate and time for delivery shall not be made of the essence by notice. If no dates are so specified,
delivery / performance shall be within a reasonable time.
Subject to the other provisions of these conditions the Company shall not be liable for any direct, indirect or
consequential loss (all three of which terms include, without limitation, pure economic loss, loss of profits,
loss of business, depletion of goodwill and similar loss), costs, damages, charges or expenses caused directly
or indirectly by any delay in the delivery of the Goods, nor shall any delay entitle the Buyer to terminate or
rescind the Contract unless such delay exceeds 180 days.
Any liability of the Company for non-delivery of the Goods shall be limited to replacing the Goods within a
reasonable time or issuing a credit note at the pro rata Contract rate against any invoice raised for such Goods.
If for any reason the Buyer fails to accept delivery of any of the Goods when they are ready for delivery, or the
Company is unable to deliver the Goods on time because the Buyer has not provided appropriate instructions,
documents, licenses or authorisations:
risk in the Goods shall pass to the Buyer (including for loss or damage caused by the Company’s
negligence);
the Goods shall be deemed to have been delivered; and
the Company may store the Goods until delivery, whereupon the Buyer shall be liable for all
related costs and expenses (including, without limitation, storage and insurance).
The Buyer shall provide at the Delivery Point and at its expense adequate and appropriate equipment and
manual labour for loading the Goods.
RISK/TITLE
The Goods are at the risk of the Buyer from the time of delivery.
Ownership of the Goods shall not pass to the Buyer until the Company has received in full (in cash or cleared
funds) all sums due to it in respect of:
the Goods; and
all other sums which are or which become due to the Company from the Buyer on any account
or under any contract.
Until ownership of the Goods has passed to the Buyer, the Buyer shall:
hold the Goods on a fiduciary basis as the Company’s bailee;
store the Goods (at no cost to the Company) separately from all other goods of the Buyer or
any third party in such a way that they remain readily identifiable as the Company’s property;
not destroy, deface or obscure any identifying mark or packaging on or relating to the Goods;
and
maintain the Goods in satisfactory condition and keep them insured on the Company’s behalf
for their full price against all risks to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company. On request
the Buyer shall produce the policy of insurance to the Company.
The Buyer’s right to possession of the Goods shall terminate immediately if:
the Buyer has a bankruptcy order made against it or makes an arrangement or composition
with his creditors, or otherwise takes the benefit of any statutory provision for the time being
in force for the relief of insolvent debtors, or (being a body corporate) convenes a meeting of
creditors (whether formal or informal), or enters into liquidation (whether voluntary or
compulsory) except a solvent voluntary liquidation for the purpose only of reconstruction or
amalgamation, or has a receiver and/or manager, administrator or administrative receiver
appointed of its undertaking or any part thereof, or documents are filed with the court for the
appointment of an administrator of the Buyer or notice of intention to appoint an
administrator
is given by the Buyer or its directors or by a qualifying floating charge holder (as defined in
paragraph 14 of Schedule B1 to the Insolvency Act 1986), or a resolution is passed or a petition
presented to any court for the winding-up of the Buyer or for the granting of an administration
order in respect of the Buyer, or any proceedings are commenced relating to the insolvency
or possible insolvency of the Buyer; or
the Buyer suffers or allows any execution, whether legal or equitable, to be levied on his/its
property or obtained against him/it, or fails to observe or perform any of his/its obligations
under the Contract or any other contract between the Company and the Buyer, or is unable
to pay its debts within the meaning of section 123 of the Insolvency Act 1986 or the Buyer
ceases to trade; or
the Buyer encumbers or in any way charges any of the Goods.
The Company shall be entitled to recover payment for the Goods notwithstanding that ownership of any of
the Goods has not passed from the Company.
For so long as the ownership of the Goods is with the Company, the Buyer grants the Company, its agents and
employees an irrevocable license at any time to enter any premises where the Goods are or may be stored in
order to inspect them, or, where the Buyer’s right to possession has terminated, to recover them.
Where the Company is unable to determine whether any Goods are the goods in respect of which the Buyer’s
right to possession has terminated, the Buyer shall be deemed to have sold all goods of the kind sold by the
Company to the Buyer in the order in which they were invoiced to the Buyer.
On termination of the Contract, howsoever caused, the Company’s rights contained in this clause 5 shall
remain in effect.
PRICE
Unless otherwise agreed by the Company in writing, the price for the Goods / Services shall be the price set
out in the Company’s quotation and/or in the Specification and shall be subject to clause 2.7.
Unless the contract states price(s) to be fixed, the Company may increase prices for undelivered balances in
accordance with increases in Company’s costs and/or general price list increases occurring after the date of
acceptance of purchase order but before despatch and/or performance. The Buyer shall pay any increases in
delivery costs after the date of acceptance of order.
The price for the Goods / Services shall be exclusive of any value added tax and all costs or charges in relation
to packaging, loading, unloading, carriage and insurance, all of which amounts the Buyer shall pay in addition
when it is due to pay for the Goods / Services.
PAYMENT
Subject to clause 7.4, payment of the price for the Goods / Services is due in the currency specified in the
Company’s invoice. Any payment shall be prepaid in full, unless otherwise agreed by the Parties in written
form. In certain cases it can be agreed in writing that payment shall be performed in particular amount of days
after the shipment.
Time for payment shall be of the essence.
No payment shall be deemed to have been received until the Company has received cleared funds.
All payments payable to the Company for services carried out or goods delivered under the Contract to the
date of termination shall become due immediately on its termination despite any other provision.
The Buyer shall make all payments due under the Contract in full without any deduction whether by way of
set-off, counterclaim, discount, abatement or otherwise.
Should any delay of the payments occur, the Buyer shall pay to the Company a penalty at the rate of 0.1% of
the value of the late-payment for each day of delay.
In the event that any sum is not paid by the Buyer when due then the Company shall be entitled to suspend
further performance of its obligations until all outstanding amounts have been received by the Company and
the time for performance of such obligations might, at Company’s option, be rescheduled.
In case payments are due under one or more invoices, the Company shall be entitled at its own discretion to
set off any amounts paid by the Buyer against any outstanding invoices due under any agreement between
the Parties without regards to the actual purpose of the payment (reference) indicated by the Buyer at the
time when the payment (transaction) was made.
QUALITY
Where the Company is not the manufacturer of the Goods, the Company shall endeavour to transfer to the
Buyer the benefit of any warranty or guarantee given to the Company, to the extent that any such warranty
shall be capable of transfer or assignment to the Buyer. For the Goods manufactured by the Company, 12
(twelve) months’ warranty as of the moment of its transfer to the Buyer shall apply. For the Services provided
by the Company ,12 (twelve) months’ warranty as of the moment of its completion shall apply.
All Goods shall be sold “as is where is”, unless otherwise agreed. The Company does not warrant that the
Goods are fit for any particular purpose or an intended use by the Buyer and the Buyer shall satisfy itself that
the Goods are so fit.
The Company warrants that (subject to the other provisions of these conditions) on delivery, and for the
periods set out in the table in clause 8.4, the Goods shall:
be of satisfactory quality within the meaning of the Sale of Goods Act 1979; and
be free from defect due to faulty material, faulty workmanship and faulty design on the part
of the Company.
The table below sets out the scope of the Company’s warranty provided with respect to the Goods.
The Company shall not be liable for a breach of the warranty OR any of the warranties in clause 8.3 unless:
the Buyer gives written notice of the defect to the Company within 3 (three) days of the time
when the Buyer discovers or ought to have discovered the defect; and
the Company is given a reasonable opportunity after receiving the notice of examining such
Goods and the Buyer (if asked to do so by the Company) returns such Goods to the Company’s
place of business or other place designated by the Company within 7 (seven) calendar days
from the defect claim date. All transportation costs and risk of loss of warranted part shipped
for correction of defects to and from the facility designated by the Company shall be borne by
the Buyer.
The Company shall not be liable for a breach of the warranty OR any of the warranties in clause 8.3 if:
the Buyer makes any further use of such Goods after noticing the defect; or
the defect arises because of improper use, unqualified repairs or repairs in contradiction with
repair instructions and operation and maintenance manuals, or in case warranted part has
been subject to the misuse, mishandling, negligence, accident, or ingestion of foreign
material; or
the Buyer alters, repairs or services such Goods without the written consent of the Company;
or
The defect arises as a result of normal wear and tear.
Subject to clause 8.5 and clause 8.6, if any of the Goods do not conform with the warranty OR any of the
warranties in clause 8.3 the Company shall at its option repair or replace such Goods (or the defective part)
or refund the price of such Goods at the Contract rate provided that, if the Company so requests, the Buyer
shall return the Goods or the part of such Goods which is defective to the Company.
If the Company complies with clause 8.7 it shall have no further liability for a breach of the warranty OR any
of the warranties in clause 8.3 in respect of such Goods.
Any Goods replaced shall belong to the Company and any repaired or replacement Goods shall be guaranteed
on these terms for the unexpired portion of the periods set out in clause 8.4.
INSPECTION
Buyer’s Representatives shall be entitled, upon the giving of 7 (seven) days’ written notice to the Company, to
attend the Company’s premises for the purpose of inspection of the Goods in manufacture or to assess
progress.
LIABILITY
The Company shall not be liable for any damage to, or loss of, property including the aircraft and engines, or
injury or death or any other damage directly or indirectly caused to the Buyer or third parties during or after,
due to, or in connection with, or in consequence of the performance or non–performance of supply by the
Company to the Buyer, unless caused by wilful misconduct or gross negligence of the Company, and the Buyer
shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its subcontractors against any and all such claims
including costs and expenses. Company’s total liability for any and all demands, pretensions or claims, whether
in contract between the Company and the Buyer, warranty, tort, product liability, patent infringement or
otherwise, for any damages arising out or connected with, or resulting from the performance, or non–
performance of any service will not exceed the price allocable to the services which give rise to the demand,
pretension or claim. In no event, whether as a result of breach of contract, warranty, tort, product liability,
patent infringement, or otherwise, the Company will be liable for any special, consequential, incidental,
resultant or indirect damage (including, without limitation, loss of use, revenue, good will) or punitive or
exemplary damages.
The Buyer acknowledges that the Goods, including but not limited to commodities, technology and software,
and/or services to be provided by the Company may be subject to export control laws and regulations (under such jurisdiction as, inter alia, the United Nations, the European Union, the United States of America or the
United Kingdom), and any supply or use of such Goods and/or services contrary to such laws and regulations
is prohibited. The Buyer shall indemnify and hold the Company harmless against any losses, damages, fees or
monetary sanctions imposed as a result of Buyer’s failure to comply with any applicable export control law or
regulation.
The party who is the importer or exporter of the Goods will be responsible for obtaining any licence, exchange
permit or other required governmental authorisation relating to the shipment of the Goods and shall be
responsible for complying with all licensing and reporting requirements in connection with such supply. The
Buyer shall be responsible for all customs issues if not otherwise agreed by the Parties.
ASSIGNMENT
The Company may assign the Contract or any part of it to any person, firm or company.
The Buyer shall not be entitled to assign the Contract or any part of it without the prior written consent of the
Company.
COMPANY’S RIGHTS
Any specifications, plans, drawings, patterns or designs supplied by Seller to Buyer in connection with the
Contract, including all and any IPRs, shall remain the property of Seller, and any information derived therefrom
or otherwise communicated to Buyer in connection with the Contract shall be regarded by Buyer as secret and
strictly confidential and shall not, without consent in writing of Seller, be published or disclosed to any third
party, or made use of by Buyer except for the purpose of implementing the Contract.
FORCE MAJEURE AND EXCUSABLE DELAY
The Company reserves the right to defer the date of delivery or to cancel the Contract (without liability to the
Buyer or Company) if it is prevented from or delayed in the carrying on of its business due to circumstances
beyond the reasonable control of the Company including, without limitation, acts of God, governmental
actions, war or national emergency, acts of terrorism, protests, riot, civil commotion, fire, explosion, flood,
epidemic, lock-outs, strikes or other labour disputes (whether or not relating to either party’s workforce), or restraints or delays affecting carriers or inability or delay in obtaining supplies of adequate or suitable
materials, provided that, if the event in question continues for a continuous period in excess of 90 days, the
Buyer shall be entitled to give notice in writing to the Company to terminate the Contract.
The Company shall not be responsible for excess of performance dates and / or delays, and / or non-
performance of its obligations if (i) the Buyer fails to make any payment due on time and the Company
suspends further performance of its obligations until all outstanding amounts are received; or (ii) the Buyer
fails to provide required and necessary information for execution of order on Company’s request or (iii) Buyer
delays to perform its obligations.
GENERAL
Each right or remedy of the Company under the Contract is without prejudice to any other right or remedy of
the Company whether under the Contract or not.
If any provision of the Contract is found by any court, tribunal or administrative body of competent jurisdiction
to be wholly or partly illegal, invalid, void, voidable, unenforceable or unreasonable it shall to the extent of
such illegality, invalidity, voidness, voidability, unenforceability or unreasonableness be deemed severable and
the remaining provisions of the Contract and the remainder of such provision shall continue in full force and
effect.
Failure or delay by the Company in enforcing or partially enforcing any provision of the Contract shall not be
construed as a waiver of any of its rights under the Contract.
Any waiver by the Company of any breach of, or any default under, any provision of the Contract by the Buyer
shall not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or default and shall in no way affect the other terms
of the Contract.
The parties to the Contract do not intend that any term of the Contract shall be enforceable by virtue of the
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 by any person that is not a party to it.
This Contract and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation
(including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English
law, and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Where required by the Company, the Seller shall provide with its purchase order, an address for service of
process in England and Wales.
Any deviations from these Conditions of Sale need to be agreed in writing. Buyer’s standard contract terms
and conditions are not applicable and Buyer shall not be entitled to make any reference to it unless it is agreed
by the Company in writing. The Company reserves the right to change, modify, add or remove these Conditions
of Sale at any time without prior notice.
COMMUNICATIONS
All communications between the parties about the Contract shall be in writing and delivered by hand or sent
by pre-paid first class post or sent by fax:
(in case of communications to the Company) to such address as shall be notified to the Buyer
by the Company; or
(in the case of the communications to the Buyer) to the address of the Buyer set out in any
document which forms part of the Contract or such other address as shall be notified to the
Company by the Buyer.
Communications shall be deemed to have been received:
if sent by pre-paid first class post, two days (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and bank and public
holidays) after posting (exclusive of the day of posting); or
if delivered by hand, on the day of delivery; or
if sent by fax on a working day prior to 4.00 pm, at the time of transmission and otherwise on
the next working day.
EASA.21J.178
UK.21G.2670
UK.145.01324
Registered in England 174226414
MAC Aero Interiors Ltd
(trading as MAC Interiors)
Unit 9
Perrywood Business Park
Salfords
Surrey
RH1 5JDZ
United Kingdom
Tel +44 (0)1737 788888
Fax +44 (0)1737 788899
www.macinteriors.com
Toggle navigation
Home
About us
Products
Bulkheads
Case Studies
Galleys
Lavatories
Manufacturing
Seats
Specialities
Stowage
VIP Interiors
Our services
Design
Engineering
Installation
Refurbishment and Overhaul
LATEST NEWS
Blog
Careers
CONNECT WITH US
MAC Aero Interiors is a leading aircraft interior specialist with more than 50 years of heritage.
The company has been offering high quality interior solutions to a wide range of airline companies; which are also long terms partners as a result of the sectoral expertise and service excellence provided.
About us
ABOUT MAC AERO INTERIORS
MAC Aero Interiors has been offering a high level of quality interior solutions to the aerospace market for more than 50 years. We are proud of our heritage and in the modern, fast changing aviation market, we consistently review our products and services in order to stay abreast of our customer needs and market expectations of quality and innovation.
MAC Aero Interiors are experts in the retrofitting and refurbishment of lavatories, galleys, seating, partitions, stowage’s, monuments and VIP interiors for a wide variety of commercial aircraft. No challenge too small, no aircraft too big, with recent dedicated projects serving helicopters to A380 aircraft.
We are working with many airlines that in today’s competitive market are looking to maximize their cabin offering whilst minimising disruption to their schedules. At MAC Aero Interiors we are committed to long term partnerships with our customers, we ensure your bespoke products are delivered on time.
Our vast product range covers all aircraft interiors, and is diversified from original aircraft production offerings to the light weight replacement components and easy maintenance alternatives.
VISION: To become a one stop independent interiors centre of excellence for Airlines, Asset Owners, and OEMs - recognized for bespoke quality and service excellence.
MISSION: Our priority is innovative products and services delivery, ensured by qualified and experienced staff and constant upgrading on technological advancements. We are committed to long term partnerships with our customers delivering high quality products on time.
1962 - Aviation Furnishings International Ltd was founded in Dorking, UK by Mr MacIntosh.
The company designed and manufactured aircraft interiors for the commercial and VIP markets concentrating on the innovative and ground breaking solutions.
1984 – Mr. Macintosh retired having guided the company’s development for 22 years, his dedication ensuring the health of the company.
Aviation Furnishings focused their sights on markets within emerging economies, looking to develop and evolve national airlines to compete on the world stage.
1988 - One start up airline became a regular customer and still has a relationship with the company today.
They came on board in the mid 1980’s requiring component repair and overhaul services to their Boeing 747 lift systems and baggage stowage, they also commissioned a range of innovative products that backed up the promises made by their luxury brand. The Airline was of course Virgin Atlantic, launched by Sir Richard Branson in 1984 with his promise of luxury for Upper class and business passengers driving the company ethos. To fulfill the promise, one of the commissioned products designed and built by Aviation Furnishings was the now famous Horseshoe Bar; the first in flight bar on trans-Atlantic flights to be installed on the B747.
1997 - Aviation Furnishings was acquired by Mitchell Aviation and under the direction of managing director, Ian Mitchell, there was to be a planned merger with Atlantic Equipment and Banham Hart.
Funded by Ian Mitchell the merger combined skills, trades and equipment levels across the group. With Mitchell Aviation Group the company kept up high quality production values and maintained a position amongst its peers; the successes of the company being shown in the quality of its work and reactions from the market.
1998 - The Brown Family reacquired
The Brown Family reacquired Aviation Furnishings and, rebranding as MacCarthy Interiors, based themselves at Redhill Aerodrome in historical Hangar 9.
2004 - The company had once again outgrown the facility it was in, needing to move they sought out local premises.
The search led them to their current location, Beresford House, Perry Wood Business Park only a mile and a half from Hangar 9. The same year the first lavatory upgrade project was won which was to become a major Mac interiors product offering moving forward.
2005 - MacCarthy Interiors are selected by Airbus to supply literature pockets and magazine racks on A380 aircraft.
MacCarthy Interiors are selected by Airbus to supply literature pockets and magazine racks on A380 aircraft.
2011 - MacCarthy Interiors are selected by British Airways to refurbish and overhaul all shorthaul and longhaul galleys for B767 fleet.
MacCarthy Interiors are selected by British Airways to refurbish and overhaul all shorthaul and longhaul galleys for B767 fleet.
2012 - Happy birthday to us! 50th anniversary!
As a company MacCarthy Aviation has come a long way from the days of Aviation Furnishings, but as a one stop shop for quality work from concept to completion, the company has retained the original passion and drive to deliver high end and commercial interiors to the best aircraft in the skies today.
2013 - In October 2013, MacCarthy Aviation Holdings announced that the business and assets had been purchased by Berwick Industries Ltd, part of the Berwick Group.
As a result, the company started to trade under the name of ‘MAC Interiors’ with immediate effect. The rebranded company continued to provide airlines with aircraft interior refurbishment and reconfiguration services.
2016 - In February 2016, MAC Aero Interiors have been acquired by Magnetic MRO, Estonia-headquartered global maintenance and repair organization, in order to obtain mutual benefits by expanding both companies’ presence in this fast developing segment of M
“We see major opportunities in premium know how MRO services, such as Design, Certification, Interior parts Production and Engineering. Thus we are very excited with the acquisition of MAC Interiors, a company with professional experienced team, long and impressive history, and a pipeline of ongoing projects with Tier A customers, including OEMs. Our plan is to develop MAC Interiors into one stop independent interiors center for Airlines, Asset Owners, and OEMs’’ stated Jonas Butautis, CEO of Magnetic MRO.
Products
OUR SHOWCASE
Our product range consists of various cabin and interior parts made from all different types of materials: plastic, foam, Corian, composite board, carbon fibre, metal and textile, both as individual replacement parts as well as modification programmes. We can manufacture complete range of alternatives and replacement parts for all manufactures, in any quantity and colour.
Below you can find examples of our products and solutions executed in previous years.
Bulkheads
A380 Class divider
MAC Aero Interiors has a wealth of experience in the design and manufacture of movable class dividers for all types of aircraft including the Airbus A380.
Case Studies
MAC Aero Interiors & Corian ®
Since its inception in 1962 MAC Interiors has seen many types of interior finishings come and go with the changes in taste and fashion. From early VIP interiors to the business jets of today, MAC Interiors has experienced them all. But are there any products that stand out in today’s market place that will form the basis of interiors for years to come?
Galleys
MAC Aero Interiors designed and manufactured the A380 bar unit for the first demonstrator aircraft.
Lavatories
B767 Economy class lavatory refurbishment
Flag carrier Air Astana, selected MAC Aero Interiors to undertake the B767 Economy class lavatory refurbishment for their entire fleet of B767 aircraft.
Manufacturing
Covering 25,00 square feet our facility is fully equipped for manufacture of interior components. From brackets to the largest of galleys everything is done in house to keep control of cost, quality and build management ensuring you receive the best of service. We only outsource around 10% of the overall service such as plating and anodizing. Approximately 80% of our work is exported.
Seats
MAC Aero Interiors are experts in aircraft seat refurbishment and were selected to refurbish 60 business class seats for two Air Astana B767 aircraft.
Specialities
Literature Pockets & Baby Seats
MAC Aero Interiors provide literature pockets for the A380 program direct to Airbus. We also supply direct to airline customers, we can design and provide bespoke solutions or replace existing product with MAC Alternative.
Stowage
MAC Aero Interiors can manufacture a wide range of A340 closets and stowage solutions from hidden dog boxes, to full length wardrobes, MAC Interiors has a range of innovative space optimising stowage systems and with our design team working with the latest 3D CAD modelling software, stowage can be created in otherwise wasted areas of the aircraft.
The pictured A340 closet was designed and manufactured at our facility near Gatwick airport for market leader Virgin Atlantic.
VIP Interiors
MAC Aero Interiors background in design, engineering, manufacturing, certification and project management combined with an excellent market outlook for the large aircraft completion segment has led to establishing a range of dedicated VIP Completion services many years ago.
Our services
HOW WE WORK
MAC Aero Interiors services have been formed to be flexible and consequently can be adapted to specific customer requirements - this is where we go further to provide total care solutions or individual services upon required scope.
Our organisational knowledge also offers a competitive and proactive attitude, which gives us the ability to react quickly and adapt to customer needs in advance. Accordingly, we are not only offering the greatest solutions with the highest service quality; we also provide competitive prices accompanied by unrivalled lead times.
Design
From industrial and conceptual design to fully certified electrical and mechanical engineering, the design team includes Structural, Mechanical and Electrical engineers, supported by Technical Publications, Certification and Stress Analysis disciplines.
Engineering
At MAC Aero Interiors, superior engineering capability is a core asset of the company for more than 50 years.
Installation
MAC Aero Interiors has a team of highly experienced and skilled fitters capable of fitting interiors on aircraft around the globe.
Refurbishment and Overhaul
MAC Aero Interiors are experts in the Refurbishment and Overhaul of aircraft interiors with particular expertise in.
LATEST NEWS
Welcome to our news platform. Here you can find press releases, events and information about corporate and industrial updates regarding MAC Aero Interiors.
November 10, 2020
Business jet re-vamp: MAC Aero Interiors finished Embraer Legacy 600 interior refurbishing program
MAC Aero Interiors, subsidiary of a global provider of Total Technical Care for aircraft operators and lessors, Magnetic MRO, has recently successfully completed a full VIP aircraft interior refurbishment project for a private charter flights management company.
&nbsp;
April 30, 2020
“In order to encourage passengers to fly again, we have to prioritize their safety”: MAC Aero Interiors offers a simple solution to fast-track the recovery of air-travel
MAC Aero Interiors, subsidiary of a global provider of Total Technical Care for aircraft operators and lessors, Magnetic MRO, reacting to the current situation in the aviation market, has started the production of the sanitizing kits, designed for both airports and airlines and aimed at tackling both the virus and the fear of air-travel because of it.
April 24, 2020
Anniversary interview with Marko Männiste
We kicked off 2020 with some quite big news and announced that MAC Aero Interiors had moved production facility in Tallinn. It's a big step for many, including Marko M&auml;nniste, Head of Manufacturing, who is one of those people ready to write a new success story with MAC. Though Marko has, in fact, been part of many success stories within Magnetic for the past five years &ndash; yes, he's a part of this aviation lovers' family for five years already, so it's time for "workiversary" interview!
March 23, 2020
Interview with Zuzana Obracajova
From piloting to playing golf, from design engineering to leading sales activities at MAC Aero Interiors &ndash; Zuzana Obracajova, Sales Director at MAC, has a lot of sides. This month, she&rsquo;s a Face of Magnetic (and the face of MAC, too) &ndash; learn more, how she ended up being such aviation lover and also about her view towards new success story MAC Aero Interiors began to write this year.
March 04, 2020
MAC Aero Interiors enters the new chapter by establishing new production facility in Estonia
MAC Aero Interiors, a United Kingdom-based subsidiary of a global provider of Total Technical Care for aircraft operators and lessors, Magnetic MRO, has moved its production facility to Tallinn, Estonia. The new facility in Estonia's capital was opened in January 2020 and publicly on 4th of March 2020.
July 18, 2019
A man who knows machines inside and out - Anniversary interview with Philip Carthy
It is time for our traditional&nbsp;Anniversary Interview&nbsp;and today our Marketing Coordinator got the chance to pinch a moment from Philip Carthy&rsquo;s busy workday to get a glimpse of what it&rsquo;s like to work at MAC Aero Interiors.&nbsp;
&nbsp;
March 27, 2019
From model airplanes and gold mines to aviation - Anniversary interview with Phil
We would like to introduce you Phil to celebrate his 10th anniversary in MAC Aero Interiors. Phil kindly shared his story about finding his way in aviation.&nbsp;
February 27, 2019
Once in aviation, always in aviation - Anniversary Interview with Michael
Another month has passed, and this time we are proud to publish an anniversary interview with Michael Duffel. Michael works as a Production Manager at MAC Aero Interiors and has recently completed his 5th year at the company.
February 15, 2019
Magnetic MRO kick off Bond Trading
Magnetic MRO, a global provider of Total Technical Care for aircraft operators and lessors, has announced their bond trading on the Nasdaq Baltic First North bond market as of today, February 14th.
February 06, 2019
Meet Nathan - January's Employee of the Month
MAC Aero Interiors is pleased to announce January 2019 Employee of the Month -&nbsp; Nathan Williams. Magnetic MRO Marketing Coordinator Annika made a little interview with Nathan to celebrate the occasion and to learn more about his experience in the aviation industry.&nbsp;
January 31, 2019
MAC Aero Interiors enters the Chinese aircraft cabin interiors market: launches a subsidiary MAC Sichuan
MAC Aero Interiors enters the Chinese aircraft cabin interiors market by establishing a Joint Venture with Benniao Aviation. The newly launched MAC Sichuan will be providing total cabin technical care support to Chinese aircraft owners and operators.
January 24, 2019
UK’s MAC Aero Interiors lands TUI Group with Boeing 767 retrofit Works
MAC Aero Interiors has signed a four-year Contract with the world's number one tourism business TUI Group for the refurbishment and retrofit of its Boeing 767&rsquo;s lavatories.
January 09, 2019
Anniversary interview with Steve
Steve&nbsp;- a true sportsman in MAC Aero Interiors for already 13 years.&nbsp;
December 11, 2018
MAC Aero Interiors to complete a project for British Airways
MAC Aero Interiors, a UK-based leading aircraft interior specialist with more than 50 years of heritage, is to complete a project for nine British Airways&rsquo; Boeing 747-400 aircraft.
December 05, 2018
Interview with our Trimmer Phil
Our Trimmer Phil says he's been in aviation almost his entire life, since the early 1950s.&nbsp;
October 10, 2018
Interview with our Composite Engineer Nigel
Our&nbsp;Composite Engineer Nigel brings his almost 30 years of experience in aviation to MAC Aero Interiors.&nbsp;
August 31, 2018
Interview with our Painter Brian
Our Painter Brian has been&nbsp;in aviation for 25 years and fortunately he has brought his experience to MAC Aero Interiors
May 22, 2018
MAC Interiors' parent company Magnetic MRO acquired by Hangxin
Magnetic MRO, the parent company of MAC Interiors and EngineStands24, was acquired by Guangzhou Hangxin Aviation Technology.
March 06, 2018
MAC Interiors is to complete a whole cabin modification project for Med-View Airlines
MAC Interiors is getting ready to release Med-View Airlines&rsquo; Boeing 767 aircraft following a full cabin modification project.
August 08, 2017
Mac Interiors Announces Facility Expansion
MAC Interiors is pleased to announce its facility and capability expansions.
November 23, 2016
Magnetic MRO and MAC Interiors unify their forces for 3D Printing of aviation approved parts
After Magnetic MRO had acquired MAC Interiors, both parties have come across new opportunities including innovative in-house capabilities.
October 07, 2016
MAC Interiors relaunches its corporate website
MAC Interiors, a UK-based leading aircraft interior specialist with more than 50 years of heritage, is pleased to announce the relaunch of its corporate website (http://www.macinteriors.com).
August 23, 2016
MAC Interiors has set-up its own stress testing facility.
MAC Interiors has set-up its own stress testing facility in order to be able to do in-house stress testing and evaluation of new products to be certified in faster and more flexible manner.
August 16, 2016
MAC Interiors are expanding into soft furnishing
MAC Interiors, UK-based airline interior specialists, continues to expand its customer profile and increase the number of orders after the acquisition by Magnetic MRO.
February 15, 2016
Magnetic MRO completed acquisition of MAC Interiors in February
Magnetic MRO (www.magneticmro.com), Aircraft Maintenance and Repair Organization, completed acquisition of MAC Interiors in February.
May 01, 2014
Iceland Air place big order
National flag carrier Iceland Air has awarded MAC Interiors (formerly MacCarthy Aviation Holdings Ltd) a significant contract to provide lavatory upgrade kits for two B737- 800 and one B737-700 aircraft.
Blog
Welcome to our newest platform – the blog. Here you can find interviews with our employees, feature story’s and other articles regarding MAC Aero Interiors
“In order to encourage passengers to fly again, we have to prioritize their safety”: MAC Aero Interiors offers a simple solution to fast-track the recovery of air-travel
MAC Aero Interiors, subsidiary of a global provider of Total Technical Care for aircraft operators and lessors, Magnetic MRO, reacting to the current situation in the aviation market, has started the production of the sanitizing kits, designed for both airports and airlines and aimed at tackling both the virus and the fear of air-travel because of it.
Anniversary interview with Marko Männiste
We kicked off 2020 with some quite big news and announced that MAC Aero Interiors had moved production facility in Tallinn. It's a big step for many, including Marko Männiste, Head of Manufacturing, who is one of those people ready to write a new success story with MAC. Though Marko has, in fact, been part of many success stories within Magnetic for the past five years – yes, he's a part of this aviation lovers' family for five years already, so it's time for "workiversary" interview!
Interview with Zuzana Obracajova
From piloting to playing golf, from design engineering to leading sales activities at MAC Aero Interiors – Zuzana Obracajova, Sales Director at MAC, has a lot of sides. This month, she’s a Face of Magnetic (and the face of MAC, too) – learn more, how she ended up being such aviation lover and also about her view towards new success story MAC Aero Interiors began to write this year.
MAC Aero Interiors enters the new chapter by establishing new production facility in Estonia
MAC Aero Interiors, a United Kingdom-based subsidiary of a global provider of Total Technical Care for aircraft operators and lessors, Magnetic MRO, has moved its production facility to Tallinn, Estonia. The new facility in Estonia's capital was opened in January 2020 and publicly on 4th of March 2020.
A man who knows machines inside and out - Anniversary interview with Philip Carthy
It is time for our traditional Anniversary Interview and today our Marketing Coordinator got the chance to pinch a moment from Philip Carthy’s busy workday to get a glimpse of what it’s like to work at MAC Aero Interiors.
From model airplanes and gold mines to aviation - Anniversary interview with Phil
We would like to introduce you Phil to celebrate his 10th anniversary in MAC Aero Interiors. Phil kindly shared his story about finding his way in aviation.
Once in aviation, always in aviation - Anniversary Interview with Michael
Another month has passed, and this time we are proud to publish an anniversary interview with Michael Duffel. Michael works as a Production Manager at MAC Aero Interiors and has recently completed his 5th year at the company.
Meet Nathan - January's Employee of the Month
MAC Aero Interiors is pleased to announce January 2019 Employee of the Month -  Nathan Williams. Magnetic MRO Marketing Coordinator Annika made a little interview with Nathan to celebrate the occasion and to learn more about his experience in the aviation industry.
Anniversary interview with Steve
Steve - a true sportsman in MAC Aero Interiors for already 13 years.
Interview with our Trimmer Phil
Our Trimmer Phil says he's been in aviation almost his entire life, since the early 1950s.
Interview with our Composite Engineer Nigel
Our Composite Engineer Nigel brings his almost 30 years of experience in aviation to MAC Aero Interiors.
Interview with our Painter Brian
Our Painter Brian has been in aviation for 25 years and fortunately he has brought his experience to MAC Aero Interiors
CONNECT WITH US
KEY CONTACTS
Please do not hesitate to get in touch with us regarding any enquiries via mail or phone. Also, you can always come visit us in our facility for further information about us.
Address
UNIT 9 PERRYWOOD BUSINESS PARK SALFORDS SURREY RH1 5DZ ENGLAND
Phone Number
+44 (0) 1737 788888
Email
SALES@MACINTERIORS.COM
BECOME A PART OF OUR TEAM
Careers
At MAC Aero Interiors, we believe in a work environment where everyone feels valued and appreciated. We believe a great team with a diverse background is one of our strongest differentiators, and it leads us to become more competitive and innovative in what we do. We offer our employees exciting career opportunities in one of the most attractive global industries in the world. Please follow our website to see potential vacancies on this page, and feel free to get in touch with hr@macinteriors.com if you are interested in joining our team. By submitting your CV, you consent to and authorise us to process your personal data, including publicly available social media information about you, for evaluation your application for a job. Please contact us if you will have any questions about your personal data processing.
Cookie policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Website usage terms
Conditions of Sale
© 2020 All right reserved. Developed by Frogdom