https://macspro.com/cookies-policy/
CategoriesApple ID (16)Apple Music (5)Apple Pay (1)Apple TV (10)Apple Watch (9)Desktop Computers (25)HomePod (3)iBooks (3)iCloud (8)iLife (10)iOS Apps (2)iPad (10)iPhone (27)iPod (6)iTunes (17)iWork (12)Mac App Store (26)Mac OS & System Apps (81)Notebooks (22)Professional Applications (9)Servers and Enterprise Software (2)Windows Software (21)Wireless (12)Thank you for visiting macspro.com (“Website”). This cookie policy (“Policy” and/or “Cookies Policy”) applies to the Website. By using the Website, you are consenting to our use of cookies and other tracking technology in accordance with this Policy. If you do not agree to our use of cookies and other tracking technology in this way, you should set your browser settings accordingly or not use the Policy. However, if you disable cookies that we use, this may impact your user experience while on the Website.What are Cookies?A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer’s browser from a website’s server and is stored on your computer’s hard drive. Each website or third-party service provider used by the website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website or third party service provider to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites or other third party service providers. A cookie will contain some anonymous information such as a unique identifier and the site name and some digits and numbers. It allows a website to remember things like your preferences. A cookie may be a session cookie, that is, a cookie that remains on your browser while you are logged on to a particular web site and then disappears when you close your browser, or it may be a persistent cookie, a cookie that remains on your browser over a period of time.You can learn more about cookies generally on the link below at https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=enHow and why do we use Cookies?We use cookies to improve the use and functionality of the Website and to gain a better understanding of how visitors use the Website and the tools and services offered on it. Cookies help us tailor the Website to your personal needs, to improve user-friendliness, gain customer satisfaction feedback and to communicate to you elsewhere on the internet.What types of cookies may be used on the WebsiteWe may use the following types of cookies on the Website:Session cookiesSession cookies are temporary cookie files which are erased when you close your browser. When you restart your browser, and go back to the site that created that cookie, the website will treat you as a new visitor.Persistent cookiesPersistent cookies stay on your browser until you delete them manually or until your browser deletes them based on the duration period set within the cookie. These cookies will recognize you as a return visitor.Cookies that send information to usThese are the cookies that we set on the Website and they can only be read by that Website. This is known as a “First Party” cookie.Other similar technologiesOther tracking technologies including IP addresses, log files and web beacons, which also help us tailor our Website to your personal needs.IP addressesAn IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you log on to the Internet. We may record IP Addresses for the following purposes: (i) troubleshoot technical concerns, (ii) maintain Website safety and security (iii) better understand how our Website is utilized, and (iv) to better tailor content to your needs depending on the country you are in.Log FilesWe (or a third party on our behalf) may collect information in the form of logs files that record Website activity and gather statistics about a user’s browsing habits. These entries are generated anonymously, and help us gather (among other things) (i) a user’s browser type and operating system, (ii) information about a user’s session (such as the URL they came from, the date and time they visited our Website, and which pages they’ve viewed on our Website and for how long), and, (iii) other similar navigational or click-stream data.Web Beacons We may use web beacons (or clear GIFs) on the Website. Web beacons (also known as “web bugs”) are small strings of code that provide a method of delivering a graphic image on a web page for the purpose of transferring data back to us. The information collected via web beacons may include information about how a user responds to an email campaign (e.g. the time the email is opened, where does the user link to from the email, etc.). We use web beacon information for a variety of purposes, including, site traffic reporting, unique visitor counts, advertising and email auditing and reporting, and personalization.Manage your cookies / preferencesYou should ensure that your computer setting reflects whether you are happy to accept cookies or not. You can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, or you can simply set it to refuse them. You do not need to have cookies on to use or navigate through many parts of the Website although you may not have access to all the features on the Website if you do so. See the ‘help’ button on your browser for how you can do this. Remember that if you use different computers in different locations, you will need to ensure that each browser is adjusted to suit your cookie preferences.As a web beacon forms part of a webpage, it is not possible to ‘opt-out’ but you can render them ineffective by opting out of the cookies they set.Blocking or deleting your personal informationMost browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. These links explain how you can control cookies via your browser – remember that if you turn off cookies in your browser then these settings apply to all websites not just our one:Internet Explorer https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/278835/how-to-delete-cookie-files-in-internet-explorer(this page links to further information for different versions of IE – the mobile version is at http://www.microsoft.com/windowsphone/en-us/howto/wp7/web/changing-privacy-and-other-browser-settings.aspx)Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en-GBSafari: https://support.apple.com/kb/ph21411?locale=en_US(or https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201265 for mobile versions)Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-storedOpera: https://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/privacy/Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites. You can also delete cookies already stored on your computer following the instructions provided by your browser. Again, doing this may have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.If you would like to opt out of Analytics cookies, please do so by clicking on the links: Google Analytics: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout You can learn more about deleting cookies at https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050?hl=en Privacy SettingsAccept For more details on data protection, please refer to our Privacy Policy                        RequiredWe use just necessary cookies to ensure proper functioning of the website. It will not perform as expected without these cookies, and we will not be able to grow our business. These cookies do not collect any personally-identifiable data about you.Here are necessary cookies that we use:NamePurposecidit registers a unique ID that is then used to get statistical data on how a visitor uses the websitePHPSESSIDthis is a random generated number that is needed to know how many users visit our websitegidit registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how a visitor uses the website_gatit is used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate_gait registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the websitecookie_preferenceYou have successfully adjusted your privacy settingsOKRecent Posts High Sierra iMessage: An Error Showed up during Activation How to Set User Group Permissions in macOS Server How to Return Missing VPP Content in Apple Configurator 2? How to Solve AirPods Overheating and Battery Draining Issues How Can an iPod User Update Album Artwork?