https://macspro.com/our-privacy-policy/
CategoriesApple ID (16)Apple Music (5)Apple Pay (1)Apple TV (10)Apple Watch (9)Desktop Computers (25)HomePod (3)iBooks (3)iCloud (8)iLife (10)iOS Apps (2)iPad (10)iPhone (27)iPod (6)iTunes (17)iWork (12)Mac App Store (26)Mac OS & System Apps (81)Notebooks (22)Professional Applications (9)Servers and Enterprise Software (2)Windows Software (21)Wireless (12)GeneralThis privacy policy (“Privacy Policy” and/or “Policy”) describes how we collect and use the personal and non-personal information you provide on our Website. By using our Website, you are accepting the policies and practices described in this Privacy Policy. Each time you visit our Website and any time you voluntarily provide us with information, you agree that you are consenting to our collection, use and disclosure of the information that you provide, and you are consenting to receive emails or otherwise be contacted, as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into our Terms of Use. This privacy policy applies to all users of the website.Information related to cookies and other similar technologies you can find in our Cookies Policy, which together with this Privacy Policy forms the part of our Terms of Use. So, we encourage you to take some time to read this Privacy Policy and our Cookie Policy, along with our Terms of Use, in order to be sure that you understand our personal information related policies and are comfortable with providing us with your personal data.If, while reading this Privacy Policy, you find some undefined terms, it has the same meaning as in our Terms of Use.If you for some reason(s) do not agree with any provision of this Privacy Policy, then you should not access or use the Website.If you have any questions and/or concerns about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us at any time through the editors@macspro.com.ChildrenOur Website and our Services are not intended for children under fourteen (14) years of age. No one under age fourteen (14) may provide any personal information to us. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under fourteen (14). If you are under fourteen (14), do not use or provide any information on this Website or through our Services, purchase Subscription on the Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under fourteen (14), we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under fourteen (14), please contact us at editors@macspro.com.What Kind of Information We CollectPersonal Information. WE DO NOT COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION. “Personal Information” is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use the Website. We do not collect any Personal Information from you unless you voluntarily provide it to us.Non-Personal Information. We collect Non-Personal Information. “Non-Personal Information” is information that does not identify you or any other individual.As you interact with the Website, we may use automatic data collection technology and services to record and collect information that identifies your computer, to track your use of our Website, and to collect certain basic information about you and your surfing habits. This information may include information about your operating system, your IP addresses, browser type and language, referring and exit pages and URLs, keywords, date and time, amount of time spent on particular pages, what sections of a website you visit, and other similar information concerning your use of the Website (the “Usage Information”).
We collect this Usage Information by using cookies and pixel tags (also called web beacons or clear gifs). Cookies are small packets of data that a website stores on your computer’s hard drive so that your computer will “remember” information about your visit. You can reject cookies by following the directions provided in your Internet provider’s “help” file.
If you reject cookies, you may still visit the Website, but you may not be able to use some areas of the Website. The Usage Information is collected and used in aggregate form. Automatic data collection may be performed on our behalf by our services providers. If third parties provide such analytics services and software, the third parties may also receive the information collected and their use of such information is governed by their privacy policies.How We Use Your InformationSince we do not collect Personal Information, we may not use your Personal Information in any way.We may use your Non-Personal information collected through the Website for the following purposes:To provide and maintain the Website;To respond to your inquiries and to contact you about changes to the Website;To help diagnose problems with our Website and to administer and audit usage of the Website;For any other purposes disclosed at the time the information is collected or to which you consent; andAs otherwise specifically described in this Privacy Policy.We may also use your information to improve our Website, and we may use cookies and other information to enable us to customize your user experience.Information We Share with Third PartiesWe do not collect and therefore do not sell your Personal Information to third parties. We, like many businesses, sometimes hire other third parties to perform certain business-related functions. For example, we may use third parties to: mail information, maintain databases, host services, process or collect payments, and administer our Website. When we employ a third party to perform a function of this nature, we provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function, which may include your Non-Personal Information. These third parties are not authorized by us to use any of your Non-Personal Information except as needed for such specific functions.How We Protect Your InformationWe take commercially reasonable steps to protect your information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Please understand, however, that no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to and from us over the Internet.Changes to This Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to change or replace this Privacy Policy at our sole discretion at any time.
Such changes, modifications, additions, or deletions shall be effective immediately upon posting unless otherwise indicated. Your continued use of our Website after changes are posted will be deemed to constitute your agreement to and acceptance of such changes, and we may treat information collected through the Website in accordance with the revised Privacy Policy, including information we have collected at a prior time when a previous version of this privacy policy was in effect. If you do not consent to our privacy practices as described in the revised version of the Privacy Policy, do not use the Website in any manner, and we will continue to treat previously collected information in accordance with the privacy practices described in the applicable, prior version of this Privacy Policy or as otherwise required by applicable law.Contacting Us / Reporting ViolationsIf you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of the Website, please contact us at editors@macspro.com.Recent Posts High Sierra iMessage: An Error Showed up during Activation How to Set User Group Permissions in macOS Server How to Return Missing VPP Content in Apple Configurator 2? How to Solve AirPods Overheating and Battery Draining Issues How Can an iPod User Update Album Artwork?