http://madal.com/privacy-terms/
Home
Privacy & Terms
Privacy & Terms
Privacy
To assist us with our goal to achieve the highest quality of products and services, we use data from our interactions with you and other customers. Your privacy is of the utmost importance to us, and to ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe, secure, and responsible manner company policies are constantly reinforced by management. We have outlined this privacy policy below to inform you what kind of information we collect, how it is processed, with whom it may be shared, and how you may access some of the information you provide us. As we continue to improve and develop our website, our privacy policy may be altered at any given time. Please use this page as a reference for the most current details regarding our online policies.Website and Information Security:All of your online credit card transactions are completely secured within our site. This website uses Secure Socket Layering (SSL), the industry-standard encryption technology that ensures safe internet transmissions of your personal information. If you prefer to purchase by phone, please call (907) 274-4115, Monday - Friday 9:00 am - 5:00 pm AST (Alaska Standard Time) or (606) 528-6880, Monday - Friday 9:00 am - 5:00 pm EST (Eastern Standard Time) for our East Coast Facility. One of the Mad Al team will be more than glad to assist you and guide you through any needs you have.Usage of Information:Completing your purchase transactions.Keeping you informed about the status order.Providing the services you requested.Sending you our catalogs and other promotions via e-mail.Improving our merchandise selections, customer service, and overall shopping experiences.Sharing of Your Information:All customer information is kept strictly confidential and shall not be shared or bartered with in any way with another company.
Your Business Account and Membership:To maximize your shopping experience we ask that all shoppers register with a Mad Al account. By storing your information on our secure server, you will only have to enter your e-mail address and password to have access and ability to add, delete, or change information under your account. By using Mad Al's website , you are to take responsibility for the safety of your password and using it on our website. You agree to take responsibility for any activity that takes place under your account or password. MadAl.com does not sell to persons under the age of 18. As a wholesale distribution company we begin filling orders after account approval. Mad Al only sells to business entities. We do not sell to individuals. Orders placed at MadAl.com are intended for legal business entities for resale and not for personal use.Promotional Emails:Member benefits such as promotional emails are sent only if you requested to receive them. Should you decide at a later date that you no longer want to receive such promotional emails, simply click on the link at the bottom of the e-mail received to complete your request.Cookies and Browser Settings:In order to be able to use our online shopping cart system, you will need to have cookies enabled in your web browser. This will allow you view and access your member information and other secured pages. To set you browser cookie settings, find your browser’s internet options or privacy section settings, and set your privacy setting to Medium.Termination:Our Privacy Policies and Terms of Service are effective unless terminated by either you or Mad Al's. You may terminate this Agreement at any time, provided that you discontinue any further use of this web site. You are personally liable for any orders placed or charges incurred through your account prior to termination. Mad Al's reserves the right to change, suspend, or discontinue all or any aspect of this Web Site at any time without notice. We reserve the right to change, modify or amend our policies at any given time. Please check this page periodically for any changes.
×