https://maddockcorp.com/privacy-notice
PRIVACY NOTICE
This web site defines the ways in which Maddock Construction Equipment uses and protects the information that you provide when using our web site. By using this web site you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
We respect your privacy and are committed to ensuring that your personal information is protected. There are several circumstances on this web site in which you may be asked to submit information from which you can be identified. Be assured that all information collected will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Maddock Construction Equipment reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for updates and changes. This policy is effective October 01, 2008.
Personal Information There are several instances in which we may collect information from you. We may collect personally identifiable information that you provide such as name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and credit card number (for those who purchase products through our web site). Based on the information you provide, we may contact you (by mail, phone or email) to respond to your inquiries, discuss products, purchases or service, and to manage your account.
In order to provide you with certain services, we share some personal information with third parties. Specifically, we share information with an outside shipping company used to fulfill orders and a credit card processing company used to bill you for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes.
Aside from these organizations, we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to other third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
Site Statistics Information We also collect non-personal information from you such as browser type, URL of the previous web site visited, ISP, operating system, and Internet protocol (IP) address. Non-personal information cannot be easily used to personally identify you. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movements around the site, and gather demographic information about our users.
Security We are committed to ensuring the safety of your personal information. We follow accepted industry standards to protect the information you submit to us, both in transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of Internet transmission and electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your information, we cannot guarantee absolute security.
If you believe any of the information we have about you is incomplete or incorrect, please contact us. We will promptly correct any inaccurate information.
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at wurban@maddockonline.com or 239 West Grimes Lane, Bloomington, IN 47403, (812) 349-3000.