https://madebyradius.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart ()
Continue shopping
Submit
Close search
Adults
Toothbrush
Toothpaste
Floss
Kids
Toothbrush
Toothpaste
Pets
Toothbrush
Toothpaste
Accessories
Travel case
Holders
Starter Kits
Specials
Sale
BROWSE ALL PRODUCTS
OUR COMPANY
OUR PRODUCTS
OUR COMMITMENT
Privacy Policy
Privacy and Security Statement
RADIUS has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for our Web site: madebyradius.com
Information Collection and Use
RADIUS Corporation is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. RADIUS Corporation collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Information Automatically Logged
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information
Your IP address is also used to help identify you and your shopping cart.
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart. We also use cookies to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly, and to deliver content specific to your interests. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once you have closed your browser, the cookie simply terminates. If you reject using cookies you still have access to our site.
Some of our business partners use cookies on their sites. However we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Order Forms
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect contact information (like email address), financial information (like account or credit card numbers), and demographic information (like zip code, age, or income level).
Contact information from the order form is used to ship purchases and/or information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. RADIUS will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. RADIUS stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email. The friend may contact RADIUS Toothbrush at contact@madebyradius.com to request the removal of this information from their database.
Surveys
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like email address) and demographic information (like zip code, age, or income level). Contact information from the surveys is used to send information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use the demographic information to:
tailor your experience at our site showing content that we think you might be interested in, and displaying the content according to your preferences.
match our store network to your geographic location.
track the age range of our customers to make sure that any advertising is directed at media that is of use to that age range.
find age ranges that are out of alignment with National Statistics - to develop programs to reach this age range.
develop new products that follow on the success of existing products and that appeal to a particular economic, geographic or demographic group.
track the effectiveness of our website in reaching our customers and attracting new customer
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. radiustoothbrush.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
When our order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry – 128 bit SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just "e;surfing"e;. To learn more about 128 bit SSL, follow this link [www.verisign.com/products/site/index.html].While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to your information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers? information is protected. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment, behind a locked cage.If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to contact@madebyradius.com.
Federal Trade Commission
The Federal Trade Commission provides useful information about online privacy at their website.
Children's Guidelines
We care about children and understand that they have special privacy needs. Therefore, we have adopted the following privacy policy regarding children:
We will NOT collect, use, or distribute to third parties personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent.
We will NOT give the child access to unmonitored chat rooms, message boards, email accounts, or other services that would give the child the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent
When verifiable parental consent is not obtained, we will only use the online contact information (such as email) to:
o       Respond directly to the child's request on a one-time basis and not use that information to re-contact the child for other purposes.
o       Request the name or online contact information of a parent for the purpose of obtaining verifiable parental consent or providing parental notification.
o       Respond more than once directly to a specific request from a child (such as in the case where a child requests a newsletter subscription) and not used to re-contact the child for other purposes. We will use our best efforts to provide parental notification, which will include the nature and intended use as well as an opportunity for the parent to prevent the use of the information and participation in the activity.
We will NOT entice the child to divulge more information than is needed to participate in any activity, game, or service.
We will provide the parent a description of the specific types of a personally identifiable information collected from their child upon request. We will allow the parent to refuse further use or future online collection of personally identifiable information and provide a way for a parent to obtain any personally identifiable information collected from their child.
We will provide notice to children in age appropriate terms of what personally identifiable information is to be collected.
We will NOT provide any links to Web sites that are unsuitable for children.
We will encourage children to get their parent's permission before sharing personal information online.
Special Offers/Newsletters
Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, or newsletters. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see our choice and opt-out below.
Choice/Opt-Out/Corrections
Our users are given the opportunity to opt-out of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for the information. For example, our order form has an opt-out mechanism so users who buy a product from us, but don't want any marketing material, can keep their email address off of our lists.
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (zip code?), or if a user no longer desires our service or promotional/marketing information, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or opt-out that user's personal data provided to us as below:
You can send email to contact@madebyradius.com
You can call the following telephone number:610 683 9400
You can fax to the following fax number:610 683 9433
You can send mail to the following postal address:
RADIUS
40 Willow Street
Kutztown, PA 19530
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
contact@madebyradius.com
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.