http://madhousemunchies.com/privacy/
Mad House Munchies Terms of Service
1. Terms
By accessing the website at http://madhousemunchies.com, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Mad House Munchies’ website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Mad House Munchies’ website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Mad House Munchies at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Mad House Munchies’ website are provided on an ‘as is’ basis. Mad House Munchies makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, Mad House Munchies does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Mad House Munchies or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Mad House Munchies’ website, even if Mad House Munchies or a Mad House Munchies authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on Mad House Munchies website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Mad House Munchies does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. Mad House Munchies may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However Mad House Munchies does not make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Mad House Munchies has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Mad House Munchies of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.
7. Modifications
Mad House Munchies may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
8. Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of United States and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.
Follow Us
Recent PostsTIPS FOR BUYING HIGH-QUALITY CBD OILJuly 9, 2020CBD oil is one of the best ways to help …Read More »Modern Hospitals Using Technology To Save LivesAugust 9, 2019Hospitals are indeed some amazing places that provide the best …Read More »THE BEST CANNABIS EXTRACTION METHODS FOR MARIJUANAAugust 6, 2019Extraction methods are generally used to separate the components of …Read More »Know about the best e cigarette brandsJanuary 4, 2019Electronic cigarettes also known as e m cigarette is becoming …Read More »How to take care of yourself when you are pregnantDecember 17, 2018A mother can cultivate life. Indeed, even the introduction of …Read More »
Get more stuff
Subscribe to our mailing list and get interesting stuff and updates to your email inbox.
Thank you for subscribing.
Something went wrong.
we respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok