https://magazine.moellhausen.com/conditions-of-use
Terms of use for Moellhausen SpA‘s websites
The use of Moellhausen SpA’s websites http://www.moellhausen.com/ and https://magazine.moellhausen.com/ (hereinafter the “Websites”) is subject to understanding and accepting what is expressed in this document, which includes the Privacy and Cookies Policy (hereinafter "Privacy Policy")
The information contained in the “Websites” represents the expression of factual knowledge of Moellhausen SpA and is not, in any way, to be considered as advice or as a guarantee of the suitability of a product for specific applications. The text and technical documents of the “Websites” are written in Italian and English by the direct managers of the contents and, for practical reasons, are subsequently translated by others. In fact, even if the translations are entrusted to highly qualified personnel, they may contain errors and/or inaccuracies due to the incomplete mastery of the subjects addressed by the translator (further information in Annex 1). Moellhausen SpA does not assume any liability for irresponsible, inappropriate or unlawful use, directly or indirectly, of the information and products in the “Websites”, nor shall it assume liability for any damages caused by such use. Moellhausen reserves the right to make changes to its “Websites” at any time, without notice and without any responsibility in relation to users. In particular, the company reserves the right to temporarily or permanently cease the services offered through its “Websites” without incurring any charge for that.
Access to the “Websites” and the services offered through them is free, but partially reserved for professional use by registered professionals. This choice was considered appropriate in order to ensure the best support to those who want to develop an open, constructive and efficient working relationship with Moellhausen. Professionals who intend to make use of the “Websites” in their entirety must register using a specific online form (hereinafter "Registration Form") or via a specific social channel. By filling in the Registration Form, the procedure for activating the profile is started and is followed by a final confirmation by means of a security code sent via email to the applicant for registration.
Those who register on the Moellhausen “Websites” undertake to provide only true, complete and current information, and also undertake to promptly communicate any changes in the data provided to the "Data Controller and Processor" (see the Privacy Policy). This communication must be made, under penalty of deletion of registered users (cancellation of the registration form), within 3 days of the change in the data.
Moellhausen reserves the right to delete records containing unreal or incomplete data, thereby canceling the registration. Moellhausen reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to exclude any registered users who improperly use the “Websites” or or use them in a way which is contrary to the activity of Moellhausen SpA
All information provided, in any form, by the users of the “Websites” is processed in accordance with the Privacy Policy below.
Annex 1 - Languages and official content: practices regarding translations
PremiseThe Internet and the “Websites” are tools through which Moellhausen wants to provide the broader public with essential information about the company's structure, capabilities, products, and services offered. For the simplest consultation of such information, Moellhausen has translated the “Websites” into the world's most used languages. In this sense, the company sees to the translation of the sites’ contents as explained below.
Languages of origin and official contentsThe text and technical documents of the “Websites” are written in Italian and English by the direct managers of the contents and, for practical reasons, are subsequently translated by others into the sites’ different languages. As a result of this procedure, solely the contents of the “Websites” in Italian and English (source languages) can be considered official in relation to the activity of Moellhausen. In fact, even if the translations are entrusted to highly qualified personnel, they may contain errors and/or inaccuracies due to the incomplete mastery of the subjects addressed by the translator.
English “Websites” and coexistence of the English language with different languages The English version of the “Websites” may be published on pages belonging to versions of the Sites in other languages, and therefore the coexistence of English and another language on the same web page is acceptable. This can happen for the following reasons:
3.1.The content is published before being translated  Whenever the “Websites” must be promptly updated, in order to avoid content inconsistencies in the different languages, we urgently proceed by publishing the changes in English in all versions of the “Websites” (versions of the “Websites” in languages other than English). Only subsequently do we translate the English contents into other languages. 3.2.The content cannot be translated.For practical, technical and legal reasons, not all the text published on moellhausen.com can be translated from English into other languages. These include, for example, technical terms of universal use (e.g. chemical aroma), frequently updated documents and technical reference documents for business negotiations that are not translated from English.
FeedbackMoellhausen would like to thank all those who offer suggestions and other elements to help us improve this “Websites”. Comments, suggestions and reports of errors should be sent to the address w.admin@moellhausen.com.
Privacy policy
Privacy
This Privacy Policy (hereinafter "Policy") describes the personal data collected or generated (processed) when using the Moellhausen websites http://www.moellhausen.com/ and https://magazine.moellhausen.com/ (hereinafter for brevity “Websites”).This Policy describes the types of personal data that are collected when users visit our “Websites” and the ways in which personal data is collected, shared, and protected.
Data Processing Controller
The Data Processing Controller is MOELLHAUSEN SpA, Via Torri Bianche, 9 - 20871 VIMERCATE (MB), Tel. +39 039.685.6262, email w.admin@moellhausen.com
Purposes of data processing
Some personal data may be required in order to provide the products or services requested by users. This personal data includes:
Contact details including name, email address, phone number and shipping/billing address
Access and account information, including screen name, password and unique user ID
Your personal preferences, including preferences relating to marketing and cookies.
We use the personal data collected in the following ways:
To guarantee the best functionality of the Sites
To communicate information about our products, services, events, and for other promotional purposes
To carry out, improve and maintain our business, products, and services
For general research and analysis purposes:
We use data relating to how our visitors use our sites, apps, and services to understand customer behaviors or preferences. For example, we can use information about how the Sites' visitors search for and find products in order to understand the best ways to organize and present the same products.
Other purposes:
We may also use personal data in other ways; upon its collection, we will provide specific information in this regard and request consent if necessary.
Personal data sharing
Moellhausen shares your personal data with:
Companies belonging to the "Moellhausen" group, for the purposes and under the conditions described above.
Service providers who process personal data on behalf of Moellhausen, for example to process data, send emails, conduct research and analyses, manage product promotions, as well as administer certain services.
Other third parties to the extent necessary in order to: (i) comply with a government request, court order, or applicable laws; (ii) prevent any illegal use of our Sites; (iii) defend us against third-party claims; and (iv) facilitate fraud prevention or investigations (e.g. counterfeiting).
Personal data protection
Encryption and security: we use a variety of technical and organizational security measures, including encryption and authentication tools, to maintain the security of personal data. The personal data is kept in protected networks and can only be accessed by a limited number of people who have special access rights to these systems.
International data transfers: the personal data we collect or produce (process) in relation to our Sites will be stored exclusively in Italy.
Data retention: we keep personal data for the time necessary to achieve the purposes for which it is collected, unless otherwise provided by law.
Rights relating to personal data: the data subject has the right to obtain confirmation from the Data Processing Controller as to whether or not the processing of his/her personal data is in progress; in such case, the data subject has the right to:
Obtain access to his/her personal data, request the correction or deletion of such personal data, or limit its processing, or oppose to its processing;
Receive his/her personal data in a structured, commonly used and readable form by automatic device and have the right to transmit such data to another data controller (data portability);
Be informed of the existence of an automated decision-making process, including profiling;
If already issued, withdraw consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of any processing based on the consent given prior to the revocation;
Submit a complaint to the Supervisory Authority.
Cookies
Moellhausen receives and records information from your browser when using our Sites, which may also include personal data. We use cookies to collect this information, which may include among others: (i) IP address; (ii) unique cookie identifier, information on cookies and information about the fact that the device has software to access certain features; (iii) unique device identifier and type of device; (iv) domain, type of browser and language, (v) operating system and system settings; (vi) country and time zone; (vii) previously visited websites; (viii) information about your interaction with our Sites, such as clicks made, any purchases and indicated preferences; and (ix) access times and reference URLs.
Third parties can also collect information from the Sites via cookies. Third parties collect data directly from your web browser and the processing of this data is subject to the respective privacy policies of these third parties.
We use cookies to monitor the use of the Sites by our customers and understand their preferences (such as the choice of country and language). This allows us to provide services to our customers and improve their online experience. We also use cookies to obtain aggregated data relating to site traffic and site interaction, to identify trends, and to obtain statistics so that we can always improve our Sites. There are essentially three categories of cookies used on our sites:
Functional cookies: these cookies are necessary for the basic functioning of the Site and are therefore always enabled. They include cookies that allow the Sites to remember users when they browse the Site in a single session or, if requested, from one session to another. They help provide assistance with security issues and regulatory compliance.
Performance cookies: these cookies allow us to improve the functionality of our Sites by monitoring their use. In some cases, these cookies improve the processing speed of requests and let users store their preferences of a specific site. Refusing these cookies can lead to unspecific indications and slower operation of the site.
Social media and advertising cookies: the cookies related to social media offer the chance to connect to social networks and share contents of our Sites through social media. Advertising cookies (of third parties) collect information to help better tailor advertising to your interests, both inside and outside our Sites. In some cases, these cookies involve the processing of your personal data. Refusing these cookies may result in the display of advertisements which are of no interest to you or the inability to effectively connect with social networks and/or share content on social media.
For a complete and updated summary of all the third parties that access the web browser, it is advisable to install a specially created web browser plug-in. You can also choose to have your computer inform you each time a cookie is sent, or you can choose to disable all cookies. This can be done in the browser settings of each browser and device used. Every browser is partly different, so you will have to consult each browser's menu to learn the correct way to change cookies. If you disable the cookies, you may not have access to many features that make our Sites more efficient, and some of our services will not work properly.
Questions and feedback
We welcome questions, comments, and concerns about our Policy. If you would like to provide feedback, have any questions or concerns, or would like to exercise your rights regarding personal data, please contact the references in the Data Controller section.
Back to Top
© Copyright - MOELLHAUSEN S.P.A. Via Torri Bianche, 9 - 20871 Vimercate (MB), IT - C.F. 03149330155 - P.IVA [VAT Code] IT 11300860159 - Terms of use - Cookie Policy - EN/IT