http://mageeplastics.com/privacy
CompanyAbout UsCapabilitiesEquipmentDistributorsProductsAirlinesFAA Repair StationGround & RailCustom ProductsSurveys & DocumentsRequest A QuoteContact Us
Privacy Policy
This Web site is maintained by Magee Plastics located at 303 Brush Creek Road, Pittsburgh, PA 15086. By accessing or using the www.mageeplastics.com Web site, you agree to the terms of the Magee Plastics Online Privacy Policy, as outlined below. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not access or use this site.
As of September 1, 2005, Magee Plastics updated its Privacy Policy to give you a better understanding of our Privacy Policy and Practices. If you have any questions, please contact This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. Magee Plastics has established this Online Privacy Policy to help you understand how we intend to treat your Personal Information. We at Magee Plastics are committed to respecting your online privacy and recognize the need for appropriate protection and management of personal identification information ("Personal Information") you share with us. Personal Information includes any information that may be used to identify you, such as: first and last name, home or other physical address, telephone numbers, email addresses, or other contact information that is provided to us by you, or any other party. In general, you may visit Magee Plastics' Web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any Personal Information about yourself.
You should be aware that if you choose to provide us with your Personal Information, we may transfer that Information, within Magee Plastics or to Magee Plastics' third party service providers, across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world, subject to the limitations of this Privacy Policy. Magee Plastics strives to comply with all applicable laws around the globe that are designed to protect your privacy. Although legal requirements may vary from country to country, Magee Plastics intends to adhere to the principles set forth in this Online Privacy Policy.
COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
When you visit www.mageeplastics.com, you can surf the site anonymously and access important information without revealing your identity. In order to analyze and improve our site, we may use "cookies" to track your visit. A cookie is small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a Web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. (For some Web pages that require an authorization, cookies are not optional. Users choosing not to accept cookies will not be able to access those pages.) While Magee Plastics may uses cookies to track your visit to www.mageeplastics.com, and our Web servers automatically log the IP/internet address of your computer, this information does not identify you personally and you remain anonymous unless you have otherwise provided Magee Plastics with personal information. To protect your privacy, we have adopted the following principles:
NOTICE:
Magee Plastics will only collect Personal Information where it is relevant for the purposes for which we are collecting it. We will not process any Personal Information for any purposes that are incompatible with the purposes for which it has been collected or subsequently authorized by you.
CHOICE:
You may choose whether or not to provide Personal Information to Magee Plastics. However, when you engage in certain activities on this site, such as filing crime reports, Magee Plastics may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, Magee Plastics may require that you provide certain personal information, such as your name, mailing address, email address, and other personal identifying information.
SECURITY:
Wherever your Personal Information may be held by Magee Plastics or on its behalf, reasonable and appropriate precautions will be taken to protect such information from loss, misuse or unauthorized access.
ACCESS / ACCURACY:
To the extent that you do provide us with Personal Information, Magee Plastics wishes to maintain it accurately. Where we collect Personal Information from you, our goal is to provide a means of contacting Magee Plastics should you need to access, update or correct that Information. If for any reason you desire to review such information, please contact us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. and we will make reasonable efforts to provide you with such information. Further, if you notify us that such information is incorrect, or you wish to have such information removed, we will correct, amend, or delete your Personal Information as soon as practicable.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY:
www.mageeplastics.com is not structured to attract children. Accordingly, we do not intend to collect Personal Information from anyone we know to be under 13 years of age. If we are made aware that information is or has been submitted by or collected from a child under the age of thirteen, we will delete this information.
SENSITIVE INFORMATION:
We do not collect Sensitive Information such as medical, health, racial, ethnic, political, religious, philosophic, union membership or sexual orientation information. If we are made aware that we have received such information, we will delete this information.
COMMITMENT:
We are committed to privacy and support current industry initiatives to preserve individual privacy rights on the internet. Protecting your privacy on-line is an evolving area, and Magee Plastics' Web sites are constantly evolving to meet these demands. If you have any comments or questions regarding our Online Privacy Policy, please contact us atThis email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
YOUR CONSENT:
By using this Web site, you consent to the terms of our Online Privacy Policy and to Magee Plastics' processing of Personal Information for the purposes given above. Should the Online Privacy Policy change, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that these changes are brought to your attention by posting all changes prominently on our Web site for a reasonable period of time.
CompanyAbout UsCapabilitiesEquipmentDistributorsProductsAirlinesFAA Repair StationGround & RailCustom ProductsSurveys & DocumentsRequest A QuoteContact Us