https://magmapack.com/cookie-policy/
Skip to content Cookie Policy What are cookies Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Site or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Site more useful to you. Our site uses cookies dropped by us or third parties for a variety of purposes including to operate and personalize the website. Also, cookies may also be used to track how you use the site to target ads to you on other websites.How cookies help  Cookies are used to improve services for you through, for example:enabling a service to recognise your device so you don’t have to give the same information several times during one task;measuring how many people are using services, so they can be made easier to use and there’s enough capacity to ensure they are fastallowing you to share content on social media sites.We do not process cookies for Collection of identifying personal data – we shall always seek your explicit permission if we ever want to collect such information;Collection of sensitive information without your explicit consentThe cookies we use fall into three categories:Required Cookies: These cookies are required to enable core site functionality. Includes remembering your selected country and language, tracking your movement on and usage of our site for statistical purposes, storing whether you are logged in or not.Functional Cookies: These cookies allow us to track your experience on the site, to optimize your shopping experience, to invite you to provide feedback, and to allow you to interact with product reviews. Functional cookies allow our website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features, including access to your portfolio of products you have designed or order through us.Analytics cookies: These cookies help us understand how our website is being used, how effective marketing campaigns are, and help us customize and improve our websites for you. Unless you provide us with explicit information by filling in a form or calling us, all data collected by analytical programmes shall be saved anonymously and we shall see only general values not specific individual data.Examples of that include: The way you reached our Website (for example, using a search engine, advertisement etc.);The actions you perform on the Website such as viewed number of pages, time spent on a given page, on which page the visitors have exited the Website;How often you come back to our Website;The technology (for example, browser, operating system, device etc.) used by visitors.Setting your cookie preferencesYou can control how cookies are placed on your device either via Your Cookies Setting on this website or from within your own browser.You can turn cookies off, however due to their role of enhancing or enabling usability and site processes, disabling cookies may prevent you from being able to use certain parts of this website.If you would like to disable cookies on your machine, you can do this through your browser settings. The ‘Help’ function within your browser will tell you how. Alternatively, you may wish to visit aboutcookies.org which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your machine as well as more general information about cookies.
About UsPaper BagsAutomatic StandardAutomatic Standard with turntop foldAutomatic ExpressAutomatic Eco ExpressLuxury StandardLuxury ExpressGalleryTemplatesContacts
Login
+359 76 670 296/ +359 2 950 4444We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By browsing this website, you agree to our use of cookies.Read MoreACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. LoginSign Up
Remember me
Forgot Password?
Sign In I accept the
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Sign Up
Lost your password? Please enter your username or email address. You will receive a link to create a new password via email.
Login Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in Lost your password?Register Username *
Email address *
Password * Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Register