https://magmapack.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content Privacy Policy This website is owned and operated byMagmapack Ltd.2303 Pernik, Bulgaria2 Mladen Stoyanov Str. +359 76 670 296,+359 2 950 4444 info@magmapack.comWe, Magmapack, value your privacy and appreciate that you trust us to protect that information.This Privacy and Policy explains what information we collect from you, why we collect it, and how we protect it.  It also summarises your rights and tells you how you can exercise those rights, including by contacting us.However, this policy does not apply to information about you collected by third party websites that may post links or advertisements on or otherwise be accessible from our website. The information collected by these third-party websites is subject to their own privacy policies.What information do we collect?This section of our Privacy Policy describes the categories of information collected by Magmapack, whether collected automatically, or provided voluntarily by you.Information collected automatically:your IP addressthe internet browser and device you usedata passed through applications you may download via our websitethe date and time you visit, and how you use our website and access its contentif you place any orders, your purchase and payment historyIf you are a registered Magmapack customer, we link this automatically-collected data to the other information we collect about you described below. We use this information for a variety of purposes described below.Information you provide when you create an account or make a purchase:namecompanycontact details (such as e-mail address, physical address, telephone numbers)passwordpayment informationInformation you provide when you personalize a productWhen you personalize a product on our website, you may provide text or images that contain personal information.Age of consentThe website is not meant for use by children under the age of sixteen and children under that age are prohibited from creating an account or otherwise providing their personal information.Why do we collect this information?We use the information that we collect about you for the following purposes:fulfill your order and provide related customer service;maintain, improve, and administer our website,inform you about products and services that might be of interest to you,improve or personalize your online experience, our services, and our communications with you,identify and prevent fraud,enhance the security of our network and information systems,better understand how visitors use our website, and to determine the effectiveness of promotional campaigns and advertising.Who has access to your information?We limit access to your information to employees who have a need to use the information and are obligated to protect that information and keep it confidential.We may provide the information we collect about you to other companies, who may process the information on our behalf, including companies that assist us with:Fulfilling or delivering your orderStoring and securing dataProcessing paymentsMarketing, analytics, and fraud detection activities; orCustomer serviceHow long do we keep your information?We only retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it is provided or because we are legally required to do so.What rights do you have to access and control the use of your information?You have the right toaccess your personal informationunsubscribe from marketing or withdraw any specific consents you gave usrequest a copy of the personal information that is being processed by ushave errors in your personal information correctedhave your personal information deleted (or altered so that you are not identifiable) or to restrict the ways in which we use your information – but in either case, only under specific circumstances prescribed by lawlodge a complaint with your local data protection authorityHow you can exercise these rights?You can contact us to exercise any of the rights listed above by going to the Contacts page on this website.You may also exercise some of those rights on your own by going to My Account, selecting “Account Update”, and updating your personal information and preferences.Please provide your name, e-mail address, mailing address and telephone number(s) and your specific request. Even if you choose to be placed on the Do-Not-E-mail, Do-Not-Call, and/or Do-Not-Mail lists, we may still communicate with you using any of these methods regarding your orders, your account or other administrative purposes.How do we protect your information?We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards designed to help us protect your personal information. When you establish an account at Magmapack, you choose a password to help protect your account information. You should select a strong password and keep it safe. You may change the password as often as you wish by going to My Account and selecting “Account Update.”Changes to this Privacy PolicyMagmapack may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a revised Privacy Policy on our website. We reserve the right to modify this policy at any time, so please review it frequently.When was this Privacy Policy last modified?This Privacy Policy is version 2.0. It has been applicable since 30.01.2020.
About UsPaper BagsAutomatic StandardAutomatic Standard with turntop foldAutomatic ExpressAutomatic Eco ExpressLuxury StandardLuxury ExpressGalleryTemplatesContacts
Login
+359 76 670 296/ +359 2 950 4444We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By browsing this website, you agree to our use of cookies.Read MoreACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. LoginSign Up
Remember me
Forgot Password?
Sign In I accept the
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Sign Up
Lost your password? Please enter your username or email address. You will receive a link to create a new password via email.
Login Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in Lost your password?Register Username *
Email address *
Password * Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Register