http://mahoneyfoundries.com/privacypolicy
ISO: 9001:2015
(260) 347-1768
Menu
HOME
ALUMINUM SAND CASTING
BRASS & BRONZE CASTING
QUALITY MACHINING
GALLERY
LOCATIONS
CONTACT
E-mail Us
Submit RFQ
Privacy Policy
(260) 347-1768
Menu
HOME
ALUMINUM SAND CASTING
BRASS & BRONZE CASTING
QUALITY MACHINING
GALLERY
LOCATIONS
CONTACT
E-mail Us
Submit RFQ
Privacy Policy
WHERE PRECISION ISCAST. MACHINED. DELIVERED.
Submit a request for quote
FILL OUT FORM
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Mahoney Foundries, Inc. ("us", "we", or "our") operates this Mahoney Foundries, Inc. Website (the "Website").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Website.
We use your data to provide and improve our Website and company services. By using our Website, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email Address
First Name and Last Name
Phone Number
Address, City, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
We may also collect information on how our Website is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking and Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a Website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Website.
Examples of Cookies we may use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Mahoney Foundries, Inc. uses the collected data for various purposes such as but not limited to:
To provide and maintain the Website
To notify you about changes to our Website
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Website when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Website
To monitor the usage of our Website
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to—and maintained on—computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Disclosure of Data
Legal Requirements
Mahoney Foundries, Inc. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Mahoney Foundries, Inc.
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with our Website or company
To protect the personal safety of users of our Website or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Website ("Service Providers"), to provide the Website on our behalf, to perform Website-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Website is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Website.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports Website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Website. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Links to Other Sites
Our Website may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by emailing us through this website.
Effective date: January 15, 2019
Mahoney Foundries serves customers anywhere in North AmericaCALL US TODAY • (260) 347-1768 • OR • SEND US AN EMAIL
CALL US TODAY (260) 347-1768 OR, SEND AN EMAIL
ISO: 9001:2015
209 W. Ohio Street Kendallville, IN 46755
Where Precision is Cast. Machined. Delivered.
EMAIL US
GET A QUOTE
ISO: 9001:2015
209 W. OHIO STREET KENDALLVILLE, IN 46755
EMAIL US
GET A QUOTE
Powered by Online-Access
All Rights Reserved © 2001-2020
Privacy Policy