https://makuta.com/cookie-policy
Skip to content
Makuta Micro Injection Molding
Website Breadcrumbs
Home
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
About our cookie policy
This Cookie Policy explains what cookies are and how we use them. You should read this policy to understand what cookies are, how we use them, the types of cookies we use i.e, the information we collect using cookies and how that information is used and how to control the cookie preferences. For further information on how we use, store and keep your personal data secure, see our Privacy Policy.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Your consent applies to the following domains: makuta.com
Your current state:No consent given. Manage your consent.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are used to store small pieces of information. The cookies are stored on your device when the website is loaded on your browser. These cookies help us make the website function properly, make the website more secure, provide better user experience, and understand how the website performs and to analyze what works and where it needs improvement.
How do we use cookies?
As most of the online services, our website uses cookies first-party and third-party cookies for a number of purposes. The first-party cookies are mostly necessary for the website to function the right way, and they do not collect any of your personally identifiable data.
The third-party cookies used on our websites are used mainly for understanding how the website performs, how you interact with our website, keeping our services secure, providing advertisements that are relevant to you, and all in all providing you with a better and improved user experience and help speed up your future interactions with our website.
What types of cookies do we use?
The cookies used on our website are grouped into the following categories.
NecessaryNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
The below list details the cookies used in our website.
CookieDescriptionNecessaryviewed_cookie_policyThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessaryThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-non-necessaryThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Non Necessary".
How can I control the cookie preferences?
You can manage your cookies preferences by clicking on the “Cookie settings” link and enabling or disabling the cookie categories on the popup according to your preferences.
Should you decide to change your preferences later through your browsing session, you can click on the “Privacy & Cookie Policy” tab on your screen. This will display the consent notice again enabling you to change your preferences or withdraw your consent entirely.
In addition to this, different browsers provide different methods to block and delete cookies used by websites. You can change the settings of your browser to block/delete the cookies. To find out more out more on how to manage and delete cookies, visit wikipedia.org, www.allaboutcookies.org.
Powered By WebToffee
New Carbon 3D Printing Services for Small and Complex Parts
Makuta now offers high-performance 3D printing of prototypes and limited production runs using Carbon Digital Light Synthesis™ (DLS™) technology. Available for micro-to-small and complex parts, this breakaway technology produces high-performance functional prototypes, with similar quality to injection molded parts and superior structural integrity and surface finish when compared to traditional 3D printing. Read more about this exciting new offering.
New Highly Automated 2-Shot Micro Molding Cells
Makuta has installed two, new, highly automated cells that injection mold micro valves for a medical drug delivery device. The 2-shot parts combine a PP body (first shot) with a soft TPE overmolded tip (second shot). Please click the photo to see the video.
Follow Us
LinkedIn
YouTube
Capabilities
Precision micro molds
High-performance prototypes
Office Automation micro molding
2-shot medical micro molding
Ultra small micro parts
High-temperature medical molding
Microfluidics
2-shot micro automotive molding
Clean room molding
Lights out molding
Makuta, Inc.
2155 Intelliplex Drive
Shelbyville, IN 46176
Phone: 317.642.0001
Email: info@makuta.com
Search for:
Our website uses cookies that provide necessary site functionality. These cannot be deactivated. We also use cookies to improve our website and provide the best possible service. By clicking "Accept," you agree to our cookie policy.
Read more... ACCEPT REJECT Cookie settingsPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Save & Accept