https://mannkindcorp.com/privacy-policy/
what we do
partnering
pipeline
patients
who we are
about
team
news & events
investors
careers
contact
Coronavirus Update
learn more
Afrezza.com
818.661.5000
Menu
Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy is intended to make you aware of the types of information we gather from people visiting a MannKind website (each, a “Website”) and how we use, transfer, and secure such information.At MannKind, we take your privacy and the security of your information very seriously.  Each Website is designed to provide information and resources to those who use them. Healthcare is a personal matter, and MannKind maintains that level of privacy and confidentiality necessary to allow patients, healthcare professionals, caregivers and others to use our websites with confidence. Your trust is important to us.The information provided on this site is designed to support, not replace, the relationship that exists between a patient and his/her existing physician.This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is part of our Terms of Use available at https://mannkindcorp.com/terms-of-use.  By accessing the Website, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, then please do not use the Website.Information we collectWe gather the following types of information about users:Activity LoggingUnderstanding how the Website is used helps us to better meet your needs. In order to gain that understanding, we may automatically collect information such as length of users’ visits to a particular site, which pages were viewed on a site, geographic location of groups of site visitors, etc. In order to understand these site experiences, we may collect IP addresses and related information, but this information will not be used to personally identify individual users.  We may use one or more processes to de-identify information that contains personal information, such that only aggregate information remains.  We may collect, use, store, and transfer aggregate information without restriction.In addition, we may automatically collect non-personal information through the use of “cookies.” Cookies are small files left on your computer’s hard drive by a website when you visit that site. They allow the website to “recognize” your computer when you return to the site, but do not provide personal information about you. Many sites use cookies. Our Website may use cookies. Most web browsers include a feature that will allow you to disable cookies, so that they cannot be left on your computer. The “help” portion of your browser normally provides assistance with using this feature. Disabling cookies, however, will prevent you from enjoying many convenient services offered by some sites.Personal Information You Provide UsOur Website is designed so that you may generally browse them without providing any personally identifiable information.  In exchange for additional services or resources, our Website may invite users to supply certain personally identifiable information voluntarily, such as your name, home address, personal telephone number, personal e-mail address, company name, company mailing address, company e-mail address and company telephone number. In order to apply for a job with MannKind through the Website, you may be asked to provide us with additional personally identifiable information, including date of birth, SSN, bank information and government identification numbers among other identifiers.  We do not automatically collect personally identifiable information of this type on its websites and will not use the personal information you voluntarily supply in order to gain additional information about you without your permission.The personal information you provide to us will be used to supply you with the information, services and research interaction associated with the MannKind product or program in which you indicated interest or, in the case of employment applications, to process your application and contact you and/or the applying organization regarding the application.  Providing personal information indicates your consent for us to contact you about that product, program or application.Your personal information may be shared with other organizations under two scenarios. First, business partners essential to the fulfillment of your request will use your information in order to carry out their services.  For example, we may contract with database managers or mailing houses to assist with the program in which you have indicated interest. Second, we would comply with a government request for personal information if compelled to release it by court order or similar action. Other than these two scenarios, we do not sell or share your personally identifiable information with third parties.California usersIn accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), this Privacy Policy provides you disclosure regarding the personal information we collect from you and the purposes for doing so.  Please see the “Information We Collect” section above.   In addition, under the CCPA, California residents have certain rights regarding their personal information, including the following:Right to KnowYou have the right to request the following information:The categories of personal information MannKind has collected about you.The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected.The business purpose for collecting the personal information.The categories of third parties with whom MannKind has shared the personal information.The specific pieces of personal information MannKind has collected about you.Right to Request DeletionUpon a verifiable request, made through one of the methods provided within the “Contact Us” section below, we will delete personal information we have regarding you and direct our service providers to delete your personal information from their records, to the extent required by the CCPA.  Please note that we may be required or permitted by law to not remove (or allow removal) of your personal information.Right to Be Free from DiscriminationWe will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under the CCPA.Information We May Need From YouWe may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.Time Limit to RespondWe will respond to all legitimate requests within forty-five (45) days, or as permitted by the CCPA.CCPA Contact InformationIf you are a California resident and would like to exercise the rights described above on or after January 1, 2020, please contact us using one of the mechanisms listed within the “Contact Us” section below.No Sale of Personal Information:We do not sell the personal information collected through the Website.SecurityWe are committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, while we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot fully eliminate such risks.Choices regarding your informationAll users may review, update, correct or delete their personal information by contacting us as described in the “Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy, where the right to do so is provided by applicable law, including as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.  We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request, and in all events, we will comply with applicable laws relating to your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.Third-party pages and websitesAs a convenience to our visitors, the Website may contain links to a number of websites that we believe may offer useful information. This Privacy Policy and procedures described herein do not apply to such websites or their content, or to any collection of your personal information after you click on links to such third-party websites.Contact usIf you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, or to exercise your rights as described above, please contact us using any of the following methods:Phone:  (818) 661-5000E-mail: compliance@mannkindcorp.comMail:   MannKind CorporationAttn: Chief Compliance Officer30930 Russell Ranch Road, Suite 300Westlake Village, CA 91362Changes to this privacy statementThis Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time for any reason. Each time you use the Website, the current version of this Privacy Policy will apply.  We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting a new Privacy Policy on this page. You should consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
Coronavirus Update
×
With the spread of the coronavirus, many individuals are concerned about access to their medication supply. At this time, MannKind does not anticipate that the supply of its inhalable insulin Afrezza® (insulin human) Inhalation Powder will be affected by the coronavirus.
We will continue to closely monitor our supply chain for potential impact to the supply of Afrezza. MannKind sources critical raw materials from suppliers in the United States and Europe and we remain in close communication with key suppliers to assure a reliable supply of insulin.
Our US manufacturing facility is fully operational and we are taking a number of steps to prevent any impact to our supplies. Afrezza is still readily available in U.S. pharmacies, and if needed, pharmacies can order additional supplies from wholesalers with expected delivery within 1-2 days. As the global situation evolves, we will continue to take the necessary steps to safeguard the reliable supply of Afrezza.
For more information, visit https://afrezza.com/coronavirus/