http://manufacturersnews.com/legal/privacy
My Cart (0)
About Us
Our Solutions
Sample Profile
Reviews
Products & Pricing
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Introduction
MNI ("us", "we", "ours", or "MNI") is the owner and operator of websites, including, but not limited to, mni.net, industryselect.com, and industrynet.com (collectively, the "Sites"). This Privacy Policy describes how MNI collects, uses, and discloses information on our Sites. For residents of California, please see our California Privacy Notice for more information about your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA").
Information Collection
Users' Data
Site Visitor - If you express an interest in our Sites and wish to be contacted by us, you will be asked to submit the following personal information on our Sites: full name, work email address, phone number, company name, job title. You may unsubscribe from our contact list at any time by notifying us by email.
Account Registrations - When you register to create an account to use our Sites, you will be asked to submit the following personal information: full name, email address, phone number, company name, job title. To purchase and access our paid services, you will be asked to submit payment information, which is collected and processed by our trusted third party payment processor. MNI does not retain payment information.
Usage Information - When you visit our Sites, we automatically receive and derive certain information that your web browser sends to our server, such as IP address, Internet Service Provider, approximate geographic location, referring/exit URLs, page requests, browser type, operating system. We also collect information from customers about their use of the Sites, such as user session time and activity. Non-identifiable usage information may be combined with other information we collect about you that will allow you to be personally identifiable. We may also anonymize the usage information we collect so it cannot be traced back to you. This information is used internally for research and to improve our services.
Business Databases
MNI maintains a database of business profiles which is made available to our customers for the most common purposes of procurement, quoting, sourcing, purchasing, vendor selection, prospecting, sales, marketing, business development, executive recruiting, mergers/acquisitions, market research. The personal information we store in this database are: full name, job title, gender, company email address and/or phone number, company name, and city. We do not process any sensitive personal information such as birth dates, social security numbers, medical information, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, medical or biometric data, etc. We do not process any information of minors.
For more information about this database please visit www.mni.net. If your company profile is in our database and you wish to review, update, or delete any of your information collected by us, please use this form.
Cookies
Our Sites uses cookies, which are small data files that are sent to your device when you visit the Sites. Cookies usually include an identification number that is unique to the device you are using. Cookies allow us to better understand our users and how they are using the Sites, and enables recognition of the user to maintain their settings and preferences. Certain third parties may also set cookies on your device when you visit our Sites. These cookies serve a number of purposes on our Sites, including but not limited to monitoring and analyzing page view activity, providing features such as social sharing widgets, for targeted advertising and measuring advertising effectiveness.
You may disable these cookies via your browser settings, however, this may cause limitations to your user experience and, in some cases, prevent you from accessing the Sites.
Do Not Track
We currently do not offer website functionality for you to opt out of any "do not track" listings.
Third Party Websites
Our Sites contains links to third party websites. If you click on these links, the third party websites may collect information about you. We cannot control and are not responsible for what information third party websites process about you and encourage you to review the third party's privacy policy and data processing practices.
Use of Your Information
When you use or interact with our Sites, we process personal information for the following purposes:
Users' Data
Provide Our Services - To set up and maintain secure access to your MNI account and provide you with the services you requested.
Improve and Customize Our Services - To better understand your needs by analyzing usage data or through your voluntary feedback so we can personalize your experience and improve our services.
Communications - To communicate with you regarding software updates, service announcements, respond to support requests and questions, and manage our ongoing relationship with you. If you submit a request to be contacted by us on our Sites, we will process your personal information in order to respond to you.
Marketing - To contact you about our new product features, promotions, events or other news we believe may be of interest to you. If you wish to unsubscribe from our marketing lists, please use the unsubscribe link contained at the bottom of any email we send.
Legal & Compliance - To comply with our necessary legal and regulatory obligations (e.g. civil or criminal subpoenas, court orders, and other compulsory orders), and also to investigate violations and enforce our terms, agreements, or policies.
Business Databases
Business Profiles - To provide an up-to-date and accurate database of company profiles and contact information for our customers to use for the most common purposes of procurement, quoting, sourcing, purchasing, vendor selection, prospecting, sales, marketing, business development, executive recruiting, mergers/acquisitions, market research.
Information Sharing
Third Party Service Providers
MNI shares some personal information with our vendors and third party service providers for the business purposes of helping us to provide and support our services. These third parties include but are not limited to companies or individuals that provide us with information technology, marketing, accounting, and legal services. We enter into legally binding agreements with these third party service providers to ensure your personal information is protected.
Companies in Business Databases
MNI shares some personal information with companies profiled in our Business Databases when you utilize various features on the Sites that allow you to communicate with businesses, such as sending an email or getting a quote. Once the information is accessed by companies in order to respond to your communication, they are the controllers of that data and MNI is the processor on their behalf.
Our Customers
MNI shares information from our Business Databases with our customers as part of our services. Once the information is accessed by our customers for their own purposes, they are the controllers of that data and MNI is the processor on their behalf.
Advertising Partners
We may partner with third party advertising networks and social media platforms that may use technology (e.g. a cookie) to collect information about your use of our Sites over time and across other sites and services to serve ads that are tailored to your interests on our Sites or other sites.
Law Enforcement
We may disclose your information to the extent that we are required to do so (a) by law, to comply with lawful requests, subpoenas, search warrants, or other law enforcement requirements; (b) in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings and to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights; (c) if we reasonably believe that you have violated any U.S. laws or the terms of any of our agreements.
Business Reorganizations
In the event that MNI is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization, or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Sites of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Access, Update, or Delete Your Information
If you are a registered user of our Sites, you may be able to access and update some of your personal information via the Sites.
If your company profile is in our database and you wish to review, update, or delete any of your information collected by us, please use this form.
For all other requests, please email us and include "Privacy Request" in the subject line. We will use our best efforts to respond to your inquiry as soon as practicable, and may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your requests.
For California residents, we have provided further information about exercising your rights under the CCPA in our California Privacy Notice.
Data Retention
MNI will only retain your personal information for as long as required for the relevant purpose. We will keep your personal information:
• Until we no longer have a business need to retain your personal information.
• For any legally required duration to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements.
• Upon your request to delete or update your personal information.
Security Measures
We use physical and electronic safeguards to protect your information and follow industry standards. However, as the Sites are hosted electronically, we cannot guarantee absolute security and recommend that you also use anti-virus software, routine credit checks, firewalls, and other precautions to protect yourself from security threats. For more information, please see our Security Policy.
Age Compliance
We intend to fully comply with U.S. and international laws respecting children's privacy. Therefore, we do not collect or process any information for any persons under the age of 18. If you are under 18 please do not access the Sites.
Privacy Policy Amendments
We amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we amend this Privacy Policy, we will modify the date listed on this Policy and/or we may contact you. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy policy practices.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our treatment of your personal information, please contact us at:
MNI
Attention: Privacy
1633 Central Street
Evanston, IL 60201
Email Privacy
Last Updated: August 2020
View All MNI Legal Information
About Us
Products & Pricing
Terms of Use
Our Solutions
IndustrySelect
Legal Information
Sample Profile
IndustryNet
License Agreement
Customer Reviews
Manufacturers Directories
Privacy Policy
My Company Profile
Contact Us
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
© 2020 MNI