https://marinfrenchcheese.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
TERMS OF USE AND LEGAL RESTRICTIONS
MARIN FRENCH CHEESE COMPANY– Web Site
TERMS OF USE AND LEGAL RESTRICTIONS ATTENTION: PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEB SITE. USING THIS WEB SITE INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS (“TERMS”), DO NOT USE THIS WEB SITE.
Use of Site: MARIN FRENCH CHEESE COMPANY(“MFC”) authorizes you to view and download the materials at this Web site (“Site”) only for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original materials on any copies of the materials. You may not modify the materials at this Site in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purpose. For purposes of these Terms, any use of these materials on any other Web site or networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited. The materials at this Site are copyrighted and any unauthorized use of any materials at this Site may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. If you breach any of these Terms, your authorization to use this Site automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed materials.
User Submissions: Other than personally identifiable information, which is covered under the MFC Online Privacy Statement, any material, information or other communication you transmit or post to this Site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary (“Communications”). MFC will have no obligations with respect to the Communications. MFC and its designees will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use the Communications and all data, images, sounds, text, and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material that would violate any law.
Links To Other Web Sites: Links to third party Web sites on this Site are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave this Site. MFC has not reviewed all of these third party sites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites or their content. Thus, MFC does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this Site, you do this entirely at your own risk.
Disclaimer: THE MATERIALS AND SERVICES PROVIDED AT THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. MFC further does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the materials or services at this Site. MFC may make changes to the materials and services at this Site, or to the products and prices described in them, at any time without notice. The materials and services at this Site may be out of date, and MFC makes no commitment to update the materials and services at this Site. Information published at this Site may refer to products, programs or services that are not available in your country. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT WILL MFC, ITS SUPPLIERS, OR OTHER THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED AT THIS SITE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, OR THE RESULTS OF USE OF THIS SITE, ANY WEB SITES LINKED TO THIS SITE, OR THE MATERIALS OR INFORMATION OR SERVICES CONTAINED AT ANY OR ALL SUCH SITES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IF YOUR USE OF THE MATERIALS, INFORMATION OR SERVICES FROM THIS SITE RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION OF EQUIPMENT OR DATA, YOU ASSUME ALL COSTS THEREOF. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement.
Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement:
MFC Legal Department
Full Address of Designated Agent to which Notification should be sent:
7500 Red Hill Rd, Petaluma CA 94952
E-mail Form of Designated Agent:
Philippe Chevrollier, philippe@marinfrenchcheese.com
Any notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to the Designated Agent.
Applicable Laws: This Site is administered by MFC from its offices in Petaluma, CA. MFC makes no representation that materials or services at this Site are appropriate or available for use outside the United States, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. You may not use or export or re-export the materials or services at this Site or any copy or adaptation in violation of any applicable laws or regulations including without limitation U.S. export laws and regulations. If you choose to access this Site from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.
General: MFC may revise these Terms at any time by updating this posting. You should visit this page from time to time to review the then-current Terms because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these Terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at this Site.
Revised:  November 14, 2013
Note: Anyone linking to MFC’s Web site must comply with the Guidelines for Linking to MFC’s Web Site and all applicable laws.
Marin French Cheese Company Privacy Statement
Marin French Cheese Company (“MFC”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it. MFC provides this Privacy Statement to inform you of our privacy policy and practices and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. We’ve structured our web site so that, in general, you can visit MFC on the web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at the bottom of every www.marinfrenchcheese.com web page.
This privacy statement applies to www.marinfrenchcheese.com web site and domain.
Notice
MFC uses personal information to better understand your needs and interest and provide you with better service. Once you choose to provide us with personal information, you can be assured that it will only be used to support your customer relationship with MFC. We take seriously the trust you place in us. MFC will not sell, rent or lease your personally identifiable information to others.
This privacy statement covers personally identifiable information, anonymous data collection and aggregate reporting. Personally identifiable information is any information that is associated with your name or personal identity. Anonymous (non-personal) information is data about usage and service operation, reported in aggregate, which is not associated to a specific personal identity. Aggregate information is data collected and summarized for a broad category of customers.
What we collect
On the MFC web site, you can make information requests or register yourself. The types of personal information you provide to us on these pages may include name, address, phone, email address, user IDs and passwords, and contact preferences.
Anonymous (non-personal) data we collect may include the pages visited on WWW.MARINFRENCHCHEESE.COM, unique URLs visited within WWW.MARINFRENCHCHEESE.COM, browser type and IP address. Most anonymous data is collected via cookies or other analysis technologies. WWW.MARINFRENCHCHEESE.COM web pages use cookies and other technologies for data analysis and personalization services. MFC may place ads on other web sites that may use cookies.
MFC does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and MFC products and services do not target information to children under 13. MFC is committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents to take an active role in your child’s online activities and interests.
If you apply to volunteer at MFC, you provide your email address, educational and employment background, and volunteer interest data. You may choose to submit your name when registering or remain anonymous. MFC will not use personal data submitted as part of the volunteer application process for any other purpose.
How we use it
MFC uses your information to help us understand your needs and interests and provide you with better services. Specifically, we use your information to help to communicate with you, to update you on services and events, to personalize promotional offers and to personalize some WWW.MARINFRENCHCHEESE.COM web sites. Occasionally we may also use your information to contact you for market research regarding MFC products or services. We will give you the opportunity to opt-out of market research and customer surveys.
Data collected online may also be combined with information you provide through other sources such as call centers or public events such as trade shows, seminars, or educational events.
Anonymous (non-personal) data is aggregated for reporting about WWW.MARINFRENCHCHEESE.COM web site usability, performance, and effectiveness. It is used to improve the customer experience, usability and site content.
Who we share it with
MFC will not sell, rent, or lease your personally identifiable information to others. MFC will not share your personal information with a business partner or any unrelated third party company unless you give your permission. Your permission will be requested when you submit your information.
Choice
You can subscribe to receive information and MFC-wide marketing communications. MFC-wide communications may include new event information, special offers or possibly an invitation to participate in market research. We give you a choice regarding MFC-wide communications by postal mail, email and telephone.
Links provided on WWW.MARINFRENCHCHEESE.COM to third party web sites are provided as a convenience and MFC does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from ours. MFC does not endorse or make any representations about them. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company before submitting your personal information. The personal data you choose to give to unrelated third parties is covered by their privacy policies, not the MFC Privacy Policy. Some third-party companies may choose to share their personal data with MFC; that sharing is governed by that third-party company’s privacy policy.
Onward Transfer
Personal data given to MFC may be transferred across state and country borders for the purposes of data consolidation, storage and simplified customer information management. The practices which govern this data movement are described in our commitments in the Choice and Security sections of this privacy statement.
Access and Accuracy
MFC strives to keep your personally identifiable information accurate. We have put in place managerial data standards review processes and technological tools to maintain customer data accuracy. We will provide you with access to view and change your information, including making every effort to provide you with online access. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID, before granting access to your data. Certain areas of MFC’s web sites may limit access to specific individuals through the use of passwords and other personal identifiers.
The most effective way to view and change your personal information is to return to the web page where you originally submitted your data and follow the instructions on that web page or send us a message as described in “Contacting us” below. Data access is also available upon request.
Security
MFC is committed to ensuring the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of the information, MFC has in place appropriate physical, managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect.
Contacting us:
We value your comments and opinions. If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy please email us at: cheesefactory@marinfrenchcheese.com
To opt-out of MFC marketing contact, please visit our opt-out page and provide your email and/or name and relevant information about registrations you may have with MFC. This opt-out will cancel all marketing and support communication and newsletters.
Revised: November 14, 2013
WWW.MARINFRENCHCHEESE.COM does not post third-party ads on our web site. MFC may use third-party media companies to place ads for MFC products or services on other companies’ web sites. If you view a web page where MFC ads appear, the online media company may place a cookie or web beacon on the user’s computer. This allows the online media company to recognize the computer when it is used to return to that site or measure advertising response. This data is anonymous and is not linked to personal data on the user’s computer or any MFC databases. Some MFC newsletters delivered on MFC’s behalf by online media companies use the same technologies. In both cases, this data is also used by the online media company to measure advertising and content interest and relevance. MFC does not have access to the data collected by the online media company. To prevent online media companies from placing cookies on your computer, you will need to visit each media company’s web site and use their cookie removal (opt-out) process.
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Update: At Marin French Cheese, our commitment to the health and safety of our employees, customers and consumers is of utmost importance.
Click Here to Learn More