https://marketview.co.nz/2018/10/31/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
October 31st, 2018
by admin
Cookie Policy
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are sent to your browser and stored on your computer, mobile phone or other device when you visit a website.
Cookies can be permanent (“persistent”) which remain on your computer until you delete them. Cookies can also be temporary (“session cookies”) which remain on your computer until you close your browser. Cookies can also be first-party cookies which are those set by Marketview on this Site, or third-party cookies which are set by third parties authorized by Marketview to do so.
How does Marketview use cookies?
We use cookies to customize and enhance our visitors’ visits to the Site, facilitate use of the Site, collect statistics about your visits to the Site, and understand the manner in which our visitors browse the Site. We also use the information to help diagnose technical and service problems, administer the Sites, enhance Site security and identify visitors to the Sites. We use clickstream data to determine how much time visitors spend on web pages of the Sites, how visitors navigate through the Sites, and how we may tailor the Sites to meet the needs of our visitors.
Cookies we use and what they are for
The cookies we use on our websites can be categorized as follows:
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are essential in order to operate our site. This includes technologies that allow you access to our Site, identify irregular site behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security or allow you to make use of the Site’s functions. In short, without these cookies our website won’t work properly or won’t be able to provide certain features and functionalities.
Performance cookies
These cookies collect information about your visits to the Site. They help us understand the manner in which you browse the Site, if you have interacted with our messaging, determine whether you have viewed an item or link, or to improve our website content, applications, services, or tools.
Functionality-related cookies
We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our sites, services, applications, or tools. This may include identifying you when you sign into our sites or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed so that we may enhance the presentation of content on our sites.
Other third-party cookies
On some pages of our website we may display content from services such as Twitter. Please note that we do not control any cookies which are used by these services and you should check the relevant third-party website for more information about these cookies.
How to manage and remove cookies
How do I change my cookie settings?
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings – we have provided information below, published by Chrome Help, on how to delete, clear, enable and disable cookies on a Chrome browser.
If you don’t use Chrome or if you want to find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been placed on your device and how to manage and/or delete them, please visit: www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Delete specific cookies or clear all cookies on Chrome:
You can remove first-party and third-party cookie information and data from your devices. If you remove cookies, things like saved preferences on websites might get deleted.
On your computer, open Google Chrome
In the top right, click the Menu
Click Settings Show advanced settings at the bottom of the page
In the “Privacy” section, click Content settings
Under “Cookies,” click All cookies and site data
To delete all cookies, click Remove all
To delete a specific cookie, hover over a site, then click the that appears to the right
You can also choose to remove all cookies created during a specific time period
Allow or don’t allow cookies:
You can enable or disable cookies saved by websites
On your computer, open Google Chrome
In the top right, click the Menu
Click Settings Show advanced settings
In the “Privacy” section, click Content settings
Use the “Cookies” section to change your settings:
To block all cookies, click Block sites from setting any data. When you use this setting, most sites that require you to sign in won’t work
To allow only first-party cookies and block all third-party cookies, check Block third-party cookies and site data. This setting means that site data cannot be written and read, even if you’ve added a site to the exceptions list and have chosen to allow its cookies
To allow both first-party and third-party cookies, click Allow local data to be set
Comments are closed.
Privacy Policy » « Quarterly Update – September 2018
Recent Posts
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Quarterly Update – September 2018
Easing the strain on our tourism market
Fuel 101: unpacking the rising cost of petrol
Recent CommentsArchives
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
Categories
Commentary
Department Stores
InFocus
Monthly Reports
Quarterly Summary
Regions
Retail Trends
Seasonal Trends
Uncategorized
Meta
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
CLIENT
LOGIN