https://markeegroup.com/privacy-policy-2/
888.300.4629
Facebook
Twitter
Facebook
Twitter
Privacy Policy
The Mar-Kee Group is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the The Mar-Kee Group Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the The Mar-Kee Group website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
The Mar-Kee Group collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. The Mar-Kee Group also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites. There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by The Mar-Kee Group. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by The Mar-Kee Group for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the The Mar-Kee Group Web site. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through The Mar-Kee Group public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: The Mar-Kee Group does not read any of your private online communications. The Mar-Kee Group encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from The Mar-Kee Group so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. The Mar-Kee Group is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the The Mar-Kee Group and The Mar-Kee Group family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
The Mar-Kee Group collects and uses your personal information to operate the The Mar-Kee Group Web site and deliver the services you have requested. The Mar-Kee Group also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from The Mar-Kee Group and its affiliates. The Mar-Kee Group may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered. The Mar-Kee Group does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. The Mar-Kee Group may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, The Mar-Kee Group may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to The Mar-Kee Group, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. The Mar-Kee Group does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent. The Mar-Kee Group keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within The Mar-Kee Group, in order to determine what The Mar-Kee Group services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within The Mar-Kee Group to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area. The Mar-Kee Group Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on The Mar-Kee Group or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of The Mar-Kee Group; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of The Mar-Kee Group, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The The Mar-Kee Group Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize The Mar-Kee Group pages, or register with The Mar-Kee Group site or services, a cookie helps The Mar-Kee Group to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same The Mar-Kee Group Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the The Mar-Kee Group features that you customized. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the The Mar-Kee Group services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
The Mar-Kee Group secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. The Mar-Kee Group secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
The Mar-Kee Group will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. The Mar-Kee Group encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how The Mar-Kee Group is protecting your information.
Contact Information
The Mar-Kee Group welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that The Mar-Kee Group has not adhered to this Statement, please contact The Mar-Kee Group at info@markeegroup.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
No contracts or long-term commitments required.Have questions or ready to get started?
Call 888.300.4629
Subscribe Now!
Get FREE brief sales training videos, tips, motivation & industry related topics of interest.
GET FREE eNEWSLETTERS