http://markpowers-and-company.com/en/content/2-privacy-policy
Home
>
Privacy policy
Categories
New Products
Equipment
Lancer
Lancer Parts
Hoshizaki
FBD Frozen Beverage Dispensers
Wunder-Bar
Schroeder America
Ice Chests and Cold Plates
Miscellaneous
Backroom
Syrup Pumps
Racks
Connectors
Cabonators & Carbonator Pumps
Air Compressors
Water Boosters
Water Regulators
Pre-mix Tanks
Recovery Tanks
Kits
Labels
Coffee/Tea
Newco
Bunn
Bloomfield
Grindmaster-Cecilware
Wilbur Curtis
Schroeder America
Generic Parts & Accessories
Fittings
Stainless Steel
Brass
John Guest
Colder Quick Coupling
Plastic
Clamps
Beer
O´Rings
Other
Valves
Lancer
Flomatic
Cornelius
Dole
Becker
Labels
CO2 and N2
Regulators
Changeovers
Cylinders & Handles
Cylinder Valves
Cylinder Racks
CO2 Detectors
Beer
Towers, Columns & Driptrays
Beer Pumps
Faucets & Shanks
Taps & FOBs
Chillers & Trunk Line
Beer Regulators
Tubing/Hose
Beer Fittings
Tubing/Hose
Beverage Bundles
Single Line Hose & Tubing
Copper Tubing
Clamps & Cable Ties
Tapes
Foam Tube Insulation
Cleaning Products, Tools & Miscellaneous
Cleaners & Sanitizers
Brushes
Brix Tools & Carbonation Testers
Miscellaneous Tools
Refrigeration Compressors
Hand Trucks
Dispenser Accessories
Cup Dispensers
Lid, Straw, Napkin Dispensers
Condiment Dispensers & Organizers
Water Systems
3M/Cuno
Everpure
Omnipure
Other
Bargain Deals
Top sellers
BRAIDED BEVLEX HOSE, .265 ID X .457...
0 Review(s)
$0.24
CLAMP, STEPLESS, OETIKER, SS,...
0 Review(s)
$0.22
CLAMP, STEPLESS, OETIKER, SS,...
0 Review(s)
$0.22
CLAMP, STEPLESS, OETIKER, SS,...
0 Review(s)
$0.22
CLEAR PVC BIB & DRAFT BEER...
0 Review(s)
$0.40
CLAMP, STEPLESS, OETIKER, SS,...
0 Review(s)
$0.22
SANITIZING SOLUTION, CHEM, 1 OZ PACK
0 Review(s)
$0.32
CLAMP, STEPLESS, OETIKER, SS,...
0 Review(s)
$0.22
CLAMP, STEPLESS, OETIKER, SS,...
0 Review(s)
$0.22
CLAMP, STEPLESS, OETIKER, SS,...
0 Review(s)
$0.22
Privacy Policy
Mark Powers & Company is committed to protecting online user privacy. In order to ensure your privacy, information Mark Powers & Company collects through our web site at markpowers-and-company.com ("Site") is used only in the manner and for the purposes described in this Mark Powers & Company Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy.")
User Consent to Privacy Policy
Any person accessing, browsing, or otherwise using the Site, either manually or via an automated device or program, shall be considered a "User." All Users are bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy. Users consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of personally identifiable User information ("Information") pursuant to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected from Users
Mark Powers & Company collects the email address of Users that email a question or comment to Mark Powers & Company or submit a customer review. Mark Powers & Company collects the billing and shipping addresses, including relevant e-mail addresses and phone numbers of Users who purchase a product from Mark Powers & Company through the Site. Credit card numbers and expiration dates are not collected by Mark Powers & Company, but are kept in our partner’s secure payment processing system. Through the use of "cookies" (For more information regarding Cookies, see below), Mark Powers & Company may collect and store anonymous information relating to Users' browsing patterns, including, for instance, the User's browser version, site referral information, IP address, operating system, and other technical Site use information.
Cookies
The Site uses a feature of Internet Web browsers called a Cookie, which is a file that a User's Web browser places on a User's computer's hard drive, to assign an identification code to the computer and to collect anonymous browsing information. On this Site, cookies are used in conjunction with session variables to track a User's shopping cart and expire as soon as an order is completed or if a shopping cart sits idle for a lengthy period without being checked-out. Mark Powers & Company does not use Cookies to retrieve Information about Users from a User's computer unless the User knowingly and willingly provided such Information. You may set your Internet Web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to prevent cookies from being sent. If you prevent a cookie from being sent, you may limit the functionality Mark Powers & Company can provide you when you visit the Site, especially when purchasing an item on the Site.
Use of Information
Mark Powers & Company uses the Information collected from its Users to:
Respond to Users' questions or comments; Fulfill a purchase request and notify Users of their order status; and Provide important functionality changes to the Site, new Mark Powers & Company services and special offers we think you will find valuable.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
Unless we have your consent or except as required or permitted by law, Mark Powers & Company will not sell, share, trade or give away any Information that it collects or receives regarding its Users. Mark Powers & Company may disclose information about our Users to others if we have a good faith belief that we are required to do so by law or legal process, to respond to claims, or to protect the rights, property or safety of Mark Powers & Company or others. Mark Powers & Company may disclose Information to third party in the event that a third party acquires Mark Powers & Company or its assets. (See, Sale or Acquisition section below.)
Linked Internet Web Sites
The Site may provide hyperlinks, which are highlighted words or pictures within a hypertext document that, when clicked, take you to another place within the document, to another document altogether, or may take you to a third party website not controlled by Mark Powers & Company. These hyperlinked third party websites may collect and disclose Information different than this Site. Mark Powers & Company is not responsible for the collection, use, or disclosure of information collected through these web sites, and Mark Powers & Company expressly disclaims any and all liability related to such collection, use, or disclosure.
Children
The Mark Powers & Company Site is not directed towards children under 18 years of age and Mark Powers & Company does not knowingly collect any information from children under 18 years of age through the Site.
Security
Mark Powers & Company has security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the Information under our control, including credit card information that is submitted to Mark Powers & Company when Users place orders or access their account information, the Site uses secure server software (SSL), which encrypts all information Users' input before it is sent to us. Thus, measures are in place to protect the Information we collect from you from unauthorized access. Mark Powers & Company makes no representations or warranties with regard to the sufficiency of these security measures. Mark Powers & Company shall not be responsible for any actual or consequential damages that result from a lapse in compliance with this Privacy Policy because of a security breach or technical malfunction.
Sale or Acquisition
In the event that another company acquires Mark Powers & Company or all or part of its assets, we reserve the right to include Information among the assets transferred to the acquiring company.
Applicable Law/International Issues
Information that is submitted to this Site will be collected, processed, stored, disclosed and disposed of in accordance with applicable U.S. law. If you are a non-U.S. User, you acknowledge and agree that we may collect and use your Information, as discussed above, outside your resident jurisdiction. In addition, such Information may be stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction. U.S. law may not provide the degree of protection for Information that is available in other countries. By providing us with your Information, you acknowledge that you have read this Privacy Policy, understand it, agree to its terms and consent to the transfer of such Information outside your resident jurisdiction. If you do not consent to the terms of this Policy, please do not use this Site, but if you have already provided us with Information, please contact us and let us know how you would like us to handle such information.
Amendments to Privacy Policy
Mark Powers & Company reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy periodically.
Add product to compare successful
Compare
Remove product successful
Click here to compare