https://marketingworks360.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to Content
Privacy Policy
Sign up for our newsletter!
First Name :
Last Name :
Email Address :
This is the website of Marketing Works:
Our postal address is:
740 Lakeview Plaza Blvd., Suite 100
Worthington, Ohio 43085
We can be reached via e-mail at info@marketingworks360.com or you can reach us by telephone at 614.540.5520.
We collect no information on consumers who browse our Web page.
With respect to cookies: We may set cookies for analytics reporting of aggregate data.
If you do not want to receive e-mails from us in the future, please let us know by sending us an e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address online you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed online.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated purposes not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change in the future, those policy changes will be posted on our website. Only data collected from the time of the policy change forward, will be used. If you are concerned about how your information is used, please refer to our website periodically.
Upon request, we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facility to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us via the contact information provided above.
A Unique End to a Summer Internship
August 04, 2020
The 3 Pillars of a Successful Email Campaign
July 28, 2020
How to Maximize SEO in Zendesk
July 08, 2020