https://marsresearch.com/privacy
Privacy Policy - Mars Research
Skip to content
Search for:
HomeOur ServicesRequest BidFacilitiesDirections & HotelsJoin our PanelContact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyAdmin Teblum2018-09-07T23:35:22+00:00
Mars Research Privacy Policy
Mars Research is a professional Marketing Research and Data Collection firm serving clients throughout the United States, Canada, Europe and South America. With over 35 years of experience, Mars Research continues to build a solid reputation among a large variety of clients. We pride ourselves on our ability to offer a personal custom-made approach in both qualitative and quantitative research. Our Marketing Research services requires us to obtain feedback from consumers and business to measure awareness or test reactions to products, services or media. Mars Research is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy whether participating at one of our testing locations or completing surveys online. Mars Research is a member of the Insights Association and adheres to the Insights Association Code of Standards and Ethics for Marketing Research and Data Analytics.
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website, app or participates in our surveys?
The Way Mars Research Uses Your Information Public Profiles:
When you choose to create a profile on Mars Research Online, you will post, at your option, certain personal information.  Mars Research uses the information that we collect to operate, maintain, enhance, and provide to you all of the features and services to allow your participation.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, respond to a survey or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, sign up to be a part of our panel, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To send periodic emails to invite you to participate in surveys, focus groups and taste tests.
When will we contact you?
We will use your email address, without further consent, for administrative purposes such as sending you “welcome” emails, online updates and requests, appointment reminders, for customer service purposes, or to contact you regarding any Mars Research activities in which you are presently participating.
Mars will also contact you when:
To invite you to participate in survey research;
To conduct a survey research interview with you;
To validate answers, you gave in a recent survey we conducted
To update and to ensure that our records of your personal information are correct;
To ask for your permission to use your personal information for a purpose that was not identified to you when we first collected your personal information.
When you participate in our surveys, we may ask you for your personal opinions, as well as demographic information, such as your age and household composition. You may refuse to answer certain questions or discontinue participation in a study at any time. If you join one of our panels, you may rescind your membership by following the opt-out process for that particular panel.
Your Choices
You may, of course, decline to share your personally-identifiable information with Mars Research in which case you will not be able to participate in many Mars Research Online activities. To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you account access. HOWEVER, you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your member identification at all times.
How do we protect your information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
When Mars Research Discloses Information?
Mars Research does not share your personally identifiable information with other organizations for their marketing or promotional uses without your express consent. Mars Research also reserves the right to disclose Member Information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to take precautions against liability; protect Mars Research from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses; to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; to assist government enforcement agencies; to protect the security or integrity of Mars Research Online; and to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of our Members or other persons.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help track your survey history.  They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Can change your personal information:
By emailing us
By calling us
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via in-site notification
Within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.
and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Marsresearch
550 West Cypress Creek Road Suite 310
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33309
United States
support@marsresearch.com
954-771-7725
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Mars Research may update this Privacy Policy in the future. Mars Research reserves the right to update this Privacy Policy and communicating that change simply by posting the updated policy and without any express notice to you. Mars Research encourages you to check this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure that you have reviewed and are aware of any updates.
Corporate Office 550 West Cypress Creek Road  Suite 310
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33309
Project Bids: 954-654-7888
Survey Participation: 954-771-7725
ServicesOur Services
Focus Group Facility
Qualitative Services
Quantitative Services
CompanyDirectionsHotels
Employment
About Us
Privacy Policy
ConnectRequest Bid
Join Our Panel
Upcoming Studies
ContactUs
(c) Copyright
All Rights Reserved SiteMap | Privacy Policy
This website uses cookies and third party services.
Ok
Go to Top