http://marylandsmortgage.com/privacy-policy/
1-877-747-1549
info@abilitymortgagegroup.com
24/7
ABILITY MORTGAGE GROUP, LLC.
TwitterGoogle+Facebook
Privacy PolicyYou are here:HomePrivacy Policy
You don’t want your personal information to fall into the wrong hands. Neither does Ability Mortgage Group, LLC. When you visit one of the Ability Mortgage Group, LLC. Web sites, we do not collect and store information about your visit on our server. We may, however, store information that may include the time and length of your visit and the pages you look at on our sites. We may also record the name of your Internet service provider. We use this information only to measure site activity and to develop ideas for improving our sites.
There are also several opportunities on our Web site for you to provide us with information about you and your interests, such as your name, mailing address and e-mail address. If you choose to share any personal information with us, we may store it and use it for marketing research and other marketing purposes, which may include sharing it with other companies in the Ability Mortgage Group, LLC. and our business partners. We will never sell your information to any other company.
Some of our Web sites may make use of “cookie” technology to measure site activity and to customize information to your personal tastes. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store the cookie on your hard drive. So, when you come back to visit us again, we can tailor information to suit your individual preferences. The goal is to save you time and provide you with a more meaningful visit.
You take online privacy seriously, and so does Ability Mortgage Group, LLC. It’s our way of sustaining your trust in Ability Mortgage Group, LLC. and our services.
Ability Mortgage Group, LLC. reserves the right to alter our privacy policy as business needs require. Any alterations to these principles will be posted on our Web sites in a timely manner.
Ability Mortgage Group, LLC NMLS ID # 192444Peter Dellane NMLS ID # 192557www.nmlsconsumeraccess.com
Home
About us
Home Loan Credit Questions
Loan Rate Assumptions
Privacy Policy
Contact us
Footer Menu SK