http://massiveaudio.com/pages/privacy-policy
close
Home
-
Car Audio
All Products
Best Sellers
Subwoofers
Loaded Enclosures
Amplifiers
Speakers
Tweeters
Accessories
OEM Integration
Gear
Discontinued
-
Marine
Amplifiers
Speakers
-
Pro Audio
Mid-Ranges
Compression Drivers
Super Bullet Tweeters
Horns
Massive Deals
-
Support
Catalog
Manuals
Register Products
Contact Us
Free Shipping Info
News
Online Retailers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Information we collect
Massive Audio collects certain information in an effort to better understand and communicate with our user base and improve our goods and services.
Email and General Contact Information
Massive Audio has a number of places on our website where visitors can voluntarily provide us personally identifiable information (names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc.). These places include, though may not be limited to, the following:
Newsletter List Sign up
Consumer Account Sign up Shopping Checkout
If do not wish to be contacted with special product-related offers, please select ‘no marketing’ box when creating your account. If you ever wish to review your information or email preferences, email shopping@massiveaudio.com.
Information may also be collected when visitors send email messages or other information directly to us via our contact page, or otherwise.
Massive Audio automatically receives and records certain information from your computer and browser, including your IP address, cookie information, software and hardware attributes, and the page you request.
User Gallery Image Submission
Images submitted to Massive Audio for display on massiveaudio.com may be used for additional marketing purposes by Massive Audio.
IP Addresses
When your web browser or email application requests a web page or email from another computer on the Internet, it automatically gives that computer the address where it should send the information. This is called your computer's "IP address." (IP stands for "Internet protocol.") For most users accessing the Internet from a dial-up Internet service provider (ISP), the IP address will be different every time you log on.
Cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, that is sent to your browser from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. Massive Audio may send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a web site to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites. This is a way of improving your browsing experiences and remembering key bits of information for subsequent visits.
Massive Audio uses one or more companies to place advertisements for our products and services and those of third parties on our Site and third-party sites.  Cookies and other technologies such as Web beacons or tags are used to measure the effectiveness of our ads and to determine the display of content and advertising to you based on your interests both on our site , as well as on third-party sites where you may visit.  To support this interest based advertising solution, we, and companies who we have contracted with, may use anonymous information about your visits to our and other Web sites. The information collected and used by this process is always anonymous, and does not enable any third-party to identify you individually.
Although it is our hope that you find the display of advertising to you based on your anonymous interests valuable, if you would prefer not to participate in the services offered through these solutions, you can always opt-out of this activity by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) website by clicking here.
Disclosure of Information
We do not sell, rent, or loan your information to third parties without your permission.
Security Procedures
Massive Audio has built-in security measures to protect your information from loss, misuse, and alteration. We use industry-standard practices, such as encrypted storage and password protection systems, to safeguard the confidentiality of information.
This policy only applies to massiveaudio.com and Massive Audio's subdomains
The Massive Audio website may include links to other websites. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Massive Audio does not own or control, or to people that Massive Audio does not employ or manage.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Massive Audio reserves the right to amend this policy at any time and visitors should refer to this page periodically.
ProductAdded to cart successfully!
go to cart
+
-
Add to Cart
Share This
Unavailable
View Full Info
Add to Cart
Added
Limit Products
Wait
Unavailable
Edit
Delete
Price:
Qty:
Add to Cart