https://masterpeacecoaching.com/terms-of-use/
Menu
Home PageFlip Your Money SwitchLet’s Get this DoneManifesting StoreTruth or DareAbout JeannaContact JeannaBlog
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
The following TERMS OF USE and PRIVACY POLICY are subject to change at any time and at the sole discretion of the Site owner and operator. Please visit the site regularly for updates.
REFUND POLICY
Read more about our Refund Policy here.
TERMS OF USE
Please read the following terms of use relating to your use of this site carefully. By using these sites, you agree to these terms of use. We reserve the right to modify these terms at any time, so please check this page periodically for changes. By using these sites after we post any changes to these terms, you agree to accept those changes, whether or not you have reviewed them or been notified about them. If at any time you choose not to accept these terms of use, please do not use this site or any of our sites.
Owners and Collectors of Information
These terms of use apply to your use of all of the Sites and services owned or operated by MasterPeace Coaching (collectively “we,” “us,” or “our”), including MasterPeace Coaching.com, and any other site that we have owned or operated, do own and operate or may own or operate in the future (collectively, the “Sites”). Unless we say otherwise, all references to the Sites in these terms of use include all such Sites. These terms of use do not apply to your use of unaffiliated Sites to which any of the Sites may link to or direct you to.
If you have any questions about these terms of use you may contact us at
info@MasterPeaceCoaching.com
Restrictions
The contents of our Sites are protected by copyright and trademark laws, and are the property of their owners. Unless otherwise noted, you may access and use the information and materials within the Sites for your personal use. You may not change, modify, delete, display, transmit, adapt, exploit, or copy for distribution or sale any information, material, trademark, or copyright on the Sites. You must obtain written permission from us or any other entity who owns intellectual property on the Sites before you may publish, distribute, display, or commercially exploit any material from the Sites. By using the Sites, you agree to abide by all copyright notices or other posted restrictions.
Links
These terms of use apply only to our Sites, and not to the Sites of any other companies or organizations, including those we link to. We do not maintain, create, or take any responsibility for the contents, advertising, products or other materials made available through any other site, including those we link to. Under no circumstances will we be held responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damage that is caused or alleged to have been caused to you in connection with your use of any content, goods or services available on any other site.
Events, Information, and Speaker Changes
The events, information, and speakers listed on our Sites are subject to change without notification.
Forums
A “forum” means any message board, chat room, user review forum or other interactive service appearing on any of the Sites and includes both public boards and private folders. You must register in accordance with instructions that you will find on the Sites in order to contribute to any forum. You may not post on any forum, or send to any other forum user or our staff, any material that is abusive, vulgar, threatening, harassing, libelous, defamatory, obscene, invades a person’s privacy, violates any intellectual or other property rights, or that would otherwise violate any law. You may not use any forum in a commercial manner. You may not post material that solicits funds, or that advertises or solicits goods or services. You may not post material known to be false. You may not post messages that contain stock touts. You may not post or transmit any information, software or other material that contains a virus or other harmful component. We are not responsible for material appearing in any forum on the Sites, except for material signed by one of our identified representatives. We are not responsible for screening material posted by users for libel, obscenity, invasion of privacy, copyright or trademark infringement, accuracy, or for any other reason. We retain, however, the right to modify or remove messages or other material that we, in our sole discretion, consider infringing, offensive, abusive, defamatory, obscene, stale, or otherwise unacceptable. We also reserve the right to edit materials for any other reason. Whether or not we modify or remove such material, users remain solely responsible for the content of their messages or postings. By posting on the Sites, you grant (or warrant that the owner of such rights has expressly granted) us and/or relevant affiliated companies the worldwide, perpetual, nonexclusive right to use your questions, comments, and postings, in their original or edited form, in television programs, books, articles, commentaries, or in any other medium now known or later developed. You also warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content you have posted and that the public posting and use of such content by us will not infringe the rights of any third party. Additionally, you warrant that any “moral rights” in posted materials have been waived. You are not entitled to any compensation for any materials you may post on the Sites.
Registration
We may, at our discretion, suspend or terminate the registration of any forum user or general user who violates any of these terms of use of use, any of the forum member guidelines or for any other behavior that we in our discretion believe is inappropriate.
Disclaimers
The information, services, products, claims, seminar topics, and materials on our Sites are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied. We disclaim all warranties, expressed or implied, including but not limited to implied effectiveness of the ideas or success strategies listed on this site as well as those that are provided in our products or to our participants at our events. The only exception is the guarantees of satisfaction and graduation that are clearly labeled guarantees within our Sites. Neither we nor any of our respective licensors or suppliers warrant that any functions contained in the Sites will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Sites or the server that makes them available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Neither we nor any of our respective licensors or suppliers warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the services, products, information or materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. You (and not we or any of our respective licensors or suppliers) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction to your system. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. We do not endorse, warrant or guarantee any speakers, products or services offered on the Sites or those we link to. We are not a party to, and do not monitor, any transaction between users and third party providers of products or services.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances, including but not limited to negligence, will we or any of our licensors or suppliers be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials or information on the Sites, or any products or services provided pursuant to the Sites, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages (including but not limited to lost data), so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. In no event shall the total liability to you by us or any of our licensors or suppliers for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort, or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you to us, if any, for accessing the Sites.
Under no circumstances will we be held responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damage that is caused or alleged to have been caused to you in connection with your use of any advice, goods or services you receive from a guest speaker on our Sites or at one of our events.
We are also not responsible or liable for any loss or damage that is caused or alleged to have been caused to our guest speakers in connection with the display of their photo, name, or biography posted on our Sites or in our marketing materials.
No Professional Advice
The information contained in or made available through the Sites (including but not limited to information contained on message boards, in text files, or in chats) cannot replace or substitute for the services of trained professionals in any field, including, but not limited to, financial, medical, psychological, or legal matters. In particular, you should regularly consult a doctor in all matters relating to physical or mental health, particularly concerning any symptoms that may require diagnosis or medical attention. We and our licensors or suppliers make no representations or warranties concerning any treatment, action, or application of medication or preparation by any person following the information offered or provided within or through the Sites. Neither we nor our partners, or any of their affiliates, will be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, special, exemplary or other damages that may result, including but not limited to economic loss, injury, illness or death. You alone are responsible and accountable for your decisions, actions and results in life, and by your use of the Sites, you agree not to attempt to hold us liable for any such decisions, actions or results, at any time, under any circumstance.
Earnings Disclaimer
When addressing financial matters in any of our Sites, videos, newsletters or other content, we’ve taken every effort to ensure we accurately represent our programs and their ability to improve your life or grow your business. However, there is no guarantee that you will get any results or earn any money using any of our ideas, tools, strategies or recommendations, and we do not purport any “get rich schemes” on any of our Sites. Nothing on our Sites is a promise or guarantee of earnings. Your level of success in attaining similar results is dependent upon a number of factors including your skill, knowledge, ability, dedication, business savvy, network, and financial situation, to name a few. Because these factors differ according to individuals, we cannot and do not guarantee your success, income level, or ability to earn revenue. You alone are responsible for your actions and results in life and business. Any forward-looking statements outlined on our Sites are simply our opinion and thus are not guarantees or promises for actual performance. It should be clear to you that by law we make no guarantees that you will achieve any results from our ideas or models presented on our Sites, and we offer no professional legal, medical, psychological or financial advice.
Mature Content
On our Sites we will occasionally discuss mature topics and language relating to personal and professional growth. Users who are uncomfortable with such topics or language should not use our Sites.
Confidentiality and Non-Compete
Users of our Sites hereby understand that the tools, processes, strategies, materials and information presented on our Sites are copyrighted and proprietary, so users agrees not to record, duplicate, distribute, teach or train from our information in any manner whatsoever without our express written permission. Any unauthorized use or distribution of our Sites proprietary concepts, materials, and intellectual property by you or your representatives is prohibited and Promoter will pursue legal action and full damages if these terms are violated in order to protect its rights.
Programs and Events
When you purchase a seat in any Teleclass, Program or Live Event, that purchase entitles one person access to the information and materials presented in the class. By purchasing a registered seat in the class, you agree that you will not share this information with anyone. All teleclasses are recorded and your name, voice and comments, may be used in a future information product designed for sale. Your registration indicates your understanding of this. It further indicates your agreement to waive any and all rights to ownership, to compensation for participation, and to royalties on sales of the work. Please do not register for the class if you do not agree to this policy.
PRIVACY POLICY
We are committed to protecting your privacy and security and have explained in detail the steps we take to do so. We control this site from offices in the United States of America. We do not represent that materials on the site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Persons who choose to access this site from other locations do so on their own initiative, and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
Outside Sites (Their Privacy Policies May Be Different)
The Site contains links to other websites, like our sponsor’s websites or links to booksellers, that may offer products or services that our customers might find useful. These sites may request information from you. In such instances, the collection and use of your personal information will be governed by the privacy policy applicable to that site. We do not control the privacy policies, contents or links that appear on these sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third party sites or services before providing any of them with your personal information.
How and why we collect information
We collect your information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select. If you register for a seminar, for example, the information is used to reserve your seat, to track your preferences, and to keep you informed about the seminar and related events. As a visitor to our Sites, you can engage in many activities without providing any personal information. In connection with other activities, such as utilizing registering for a seminar or participating in a sweepstakes, we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, we may ask that you provide us personal information, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including ZIP code), e-mail address, telephone, credit card, and other personal information. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity. In all cases, we will collect personal identification information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us. We will also tell you how we use your information or if we share it with another party. Except as otherwise provided in this policy, we will never intentionally disclose any personal identification information about you as an individual user to any third party without having received your permission. If you supply us with your contact information you may receive periodic e-mails, mailings or calls from us with information on new products and services, important issues, or upcoming events. If you wish to be removed from any postal, email, phone, or other lists, please let us know by emailing us at info@MasterPeace Coaching.com. You can also write us or call us at the contact information above. Please provide us with your exact name, email address, mailing address, and phone. We will be sure your name is removed from the appropriate lists immediately. When you use our Sites, we or our authorized technology services provider may also collect certain technical and routing information from you to facilitate your use of the Site and its services. We use this information to administer the Site and to understand and measure traffic patterns on the Site so that we know which areas of our sites are favorites of our users, which areas need improvement, and what technologies are being used so that we may continually improve our sites. This information is collected in aggregate form, without identifying you or any user individually. We may use this aggregate, non-identifying statistical data for statistical analysis, marketing, or similar promotional purposes. This data is often tracked by us our our technology services provider by using “cookies” during your visit. A cookie is small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It functions as your identification card and enables us to record your passwords, purchases, and preferences. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. (For some web pages that require an authorization, cookies are not optional. Users choosing not to accept cookies will probably not be able to access those pages.
Individuals located in certain countries, including the European Economic Area, have certain statutory rights in relation to their personal data. Subject to any exemptions provided by law, you may have the right to request access to Information, as well as to seek to update, delete or correct this Information.
To the extent that MasterPeace Coaching’s processing of your Personal Data is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation, MasterPeace Coaching relies on its legitimate interests, described above, to process your data. Where MasterPeace Coaching processes certain Personal Data for MasterPeace Coaching’s own direct marketing purposes, you have a right to object to MasterPeace Coaching’s use of your Personal Data for this purpose at any time by emailing info@MasterPeaceCoaching.com and opting out from receiving all email.
MasterPeace Coaching takes its users’ privacy concerns seriously. If you believe that MasterPeace Coaching has not complied with this Privacy Policy with respect to your Personal Information, you may contact us at info@MasterPeaceCoaching.com. In your email please describe in as much detail as possible the ways in which you believe that the MasterPeace Coaching Privacy Policy has not been complied with. We will investigate your complaint promptly.
Exceptions to Privacy Policy
While we are committed to keeping your information secure and private, we have the following exceptions to our privacy policy: We will release specific information about you or your account to comply with any valid legal inquiry or process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute or court order. We will also release specific information in special cases, such as if there is an attempted breach of the security of the Sites, or a physical or property threat to you or others. We may also transfer user information, including personally identifiable information, in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, the sale of related assets or corporate division or other fundamental corporate change. Further, the information you enter when making a purchase or an online donation will be shared with payment processors, financial gateways, and your credit card company to authorize credit card payments. Such information may also be shared with necessary third parties solely for the purpose or carrying out the transactions. Please note that if you give out personal information online through a discussion board or posting site, that information can be collected and used by third parties. Although we strive to protect our users’ privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of information you post in these forums. You disclose such information at your own risk.
Miscellaneous
These terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to any principles of conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in equity that arises out of or relates to these terms will be subject to mediation in the State of California. If any of these terms of use are found unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be considered severable from the remaining terms of use, and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. These terms may be modified only by our posting of changes to these terms of use on our Sites.
Home
Flip Your Money Switch
Let’s Get this Done
Manifesting Store
About Jeanna
Contact Jeanna
Blog
Terms of Use
Site Map
Refund Policy
Affiliates
© 2020 MasterPeace Coaching