https://mava.org/privacy
Skip to content
Privacy
Last updated: November 20, 2019
MAVA, The Mid-Atlantic Venture Association serves the full community of innovators, c-suite executives, private and public capital sources, corporate industry, and leading professional advices worldwide.
This Privacy Policy describes how The Mid-Atlantic Venture Associations (collectively referred to as “MAVA“, “the association“, “we“, “us” or “our“), processes Personal Information when we provide services to members, individuals and companies who interact with us, manage our business and other relationships or when you use our websites, mobile applications, newsletters or otherwise communicate with us (collectively, the “Services”). We are committed to ensuring the privacy and integrity of the Personal Information you share with us or we otherwise collect as we provide these Services.
Throughout this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual.
Information We Collect
In most cases, we collect Personal Information directly from you. However, we may also obtain Personal Information about you from third parties or automatically when you interact with our Services.
Where applicable, we indicate whether and why you must provide us with your Personal Information, as well as the consequences of failing to do so. If you do not provide Personal Information when requested, you may not be able to benefit from the Services if that information is necessary to provide such Services or if we are legally required to collect it.
Below is a description of the different types of Personal Information we process and the sources from which we obtain them:
If you are a member of our Association, we collect your name, contact details, payment information and any other information you provide to us or we otherwise obtain from third parties (e.g., from public bodies, databases) when providing services to you. The type of information we collect from our members varies depending on the matter and may include information about our clients’ financial status, employees, customers, and vendors (e.g., name, contact details), communications with our members, information provided by our members, and any other information that may be relevant for the matter.
MAVA business partners and vendors.We may receive contact details and payment information from business partners’ and vendors’ employees in furtherance of the relevant partner or vendor relationship.
We collect Personal Information about you if you choose to register for an event sponsored by our association. This Personal Information may include your name, address, title, company, phone number, and email address, as well as specific information relevant to the event for which you are registering.
Newsletters and informational programs.As part of our value-added services, we are pleased to offer a wide selection of newsletters, alerts, and programs on topics of interest to our clients and others. If you sign up to receive news, alerts and or newsletters focusing on key issues, trends, and our invitations to informational programs and networking events, we will ask you to provide your first and last name, company, email address and the stages, sectors and industries that you are interested in.
If you choose to contact us for any purpose, we will collect your contact details, your name, and the content, date and time of your message, as well as our reply and any follow up action we take in relation to your inquiry.
Digital Platform.If you decide to participate in our digital platform, we will collect your registration information, such as your email address, password, first and last name, company, mailing address, country, phone number, and title. You may also use our email support tool if you have questions regarding the digital platform, by providing your first and last name, email address, phone number and the content, date and time of your communications.
Job applicants.If you apply for a job with us via our website, you will be asked to enter or upload your first and last name, resume and transcripts, phone, email address and graduation year. You may also provide your middle name, address, country, reference(s), a cover letter, writing sample, and additional transcripts.
Other sources.We may receive Personal Information about you from other sources, including current members and third parties that help us update, expand, and analyze our records, identify new customers, or prevent or detect fraud. We may also receive information about you from social media platforms, for example when you interact with us on those platforms or access our social media content. The information we may receive is governed by the privacy settings, policies, and/or procedures of the relevant social media platform, and we encourage you to review them.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
Through the use of cookies and similar technologies, we may collect your device IP address, unique device ID, hardware and software type, Internet service provider, serving domain, geographical area, location data, browser type and settings data (such as screen resolution, color depth, time zone settings, browser extension and plugins) operating system, referring URLs, search history, information on actions taken or interaction with our digital assets (e.g., page views) and dates and times of actions. The types of cookies we use include:
Google Analyticsto collect information about how you use our Services. We use this information to create reports and improve our Services. The cookies help us understand the number of visitors to our website and where visitors come from. To learn more about how Google uses data when you use our Services, visit https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. To opt-out from these cookies across all websites, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Mailchimp and Privyto personalize website content based on visitors’ actions and browsing history, to measure campaign effectiveness, and to improve our Services.
Most web browsers allow you to manage cookies through the browser settings. Be aware that, if you opt out from and do not agree to certain cookies, your experience on our Services may be diminished and some features may not work as intended depending on the cookie. To find out more about cookies, you can visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Use of Personal Information
We may use your Personal Information for the follow purposes:
To provide services to our members,including to facilitate thought leadership, networking opportunities and personal and professional promotion.
For marketing purposes,including to send alerts, newsletters and other communications to our members and business contacts. We will send you communications that are relevant to you, based for example on the stages, sectors and industries you select when you subscribe to receive our communications. We may also use your Personal Information to register you for, and confirm your attendance at, events; furnish biographical details to other attendees; provide you with the opportunity to participate in on-demand learning; and assess the effectiveness of our events, promotional campaigns, and publications.
To manage our business relationships with members, customers, clients, vendors and suppliers, business partners,including processing invoices and sending service-related communications.
To manage our digital network,including to maintain our digital network website and provide users with a relevant experience, verify eligibility and operate the digital directory.
For recruitment purposes,including to evaluate job applications, invite you for a job interview and arrange for travel.
To communicate with you, and respond to your inquiries.
For other business purposes,such as to provide, operate and improve our products and services, perform data analyses, detect, prevent, and respond to actual or potential fraud, illegal activities, or intellectual property infringement, defend our legal rights, and comply with our legal obligations and internal policies.
Legal grounds for using Personal Information
If you are located in the European Economic Area, we only process your Personal Information when we can rely on a valid legal ground such as:
Execution of a Contract.We need your Personal Information to provide you with our Services, including to provide member services, to operate our website, to evaluate your job application or to otherwise respond to your queries.
Compliance with a Legal obligation.We are required or allowed to collect and use your Personal Information, for example to detect fraud or to comply with our tax, accounting and anti-money laundering obligations.
Legitimate interest.We or a third party, have a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Information. For example, we have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information to conduct business analytics or to improve the safety, security and performance of our products and services. We only rely on our or a third party’s legitimate interests to process your Personal Information when these interests are not overridden by your rights and interests.
You have consented to the use of your Personal Information, for example to send you newsletters or for the use of certain cookies.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We may disclose Personal Information about you as described below:
With MAVA affiliates, subsidiaries, offices and representatives around the world as needed to provide membership services.
With third party contractors engaged by MAVA in the course of business (e.g., accountants, insurance companies, banks, auditors, MAVA’s network of external legal counsel and other professional experts, advisors and/or consultants engaged by MAVA).
With government agencies, regulators or courts, as required by applicable law and/or in the context of legal proceedings.
As necessary to provide legal services to our clients, including opposing counsel.
With event partners or co-sponsors.
With vendors and service providers who perform services on our behalf, including dealers, distributors, marketing and research agencies, with whom MAVA has a direct contractual relationship.
With social networks when you use your credentials to log in to some of our services (e.g., if you use your LinkedIn credentials to log in to our network website).
When you use our digital network website, your Personal Information may be available to other members and members of the public (e.g., via the member directory, your activity feed, or in comments or message boards). This information is public by default; you can change its visibility in the settings section of the website.
If you post other information to our website or mobile application, such as comments when using our digital network, that information may be displayed and viewable by other users.
If you gave us your permission, or if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to (i) comply with laws, law enforcement requests, and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) respond to your requests; or (iii) protect your, our or others’ rights, property, or safety.
In case of merger, sale, or other asset transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing, due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy or liquidation where the business will not continue as a going concern, receivership, sale of MAVA assets, or transition of our products or services to another firm, then your Personal Information may be transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract.
Your Rights and Choices
Depending on applicable law, you may have some rights and choices with respect to your Personal Information. Those rights may be limited by local law requirements. You may exercise these rights by contacting us as specified below.
To update or correct the information you provide to us via our website for an event sponsored by us, you may contact the event coordinator via email or telephone. Marketing contacts for each event are listed on the MAVA events page. You may also re-submit your Personal Information through the website by re-registering for the event.
We allow you to opt out of future communications at any time by following the opt-out instructions contained in such communications.
European privacy rights.If you are located in the European Economic Area, you may have the following rights to the extent provided by law:
Request access to and receive information about the Personal Information we maintain about you, update and correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information, restrict or object to the processing of your Personal Information, have the information deleted, or exercise your right to data portability to easily transfer your Personal Information to another company.
Lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, including in your country of residence, place of work or where an incident took place.
Withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the processing of your Personal Information, at any time and free of charge. We will apply your preferences going forward and this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent withdrawal.
California Privacy Rights.If you reside in California and have provided your Personal Information to us, you may request information once per calendar year about our disclosures of certain categories of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, if any. Such requests must be submitted to us in writing at the e-mail address indicated under How to Contact Us below.
International Data Transfers
MAVA is an international association with members in the U.S., Europe, UK and Asia. Your Personal Information may be transferred to countries that do not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. To see a list of our members and their contact details, please visit mava.org/members.
If you are located in the European Economic Area, we rely on contracts approved by the European Commission to transfer your Personal Information to our offices around the globe. In addition, we may transfer your Personal Information:
To countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection of Personal Information by the European Commission;
To partners and vendors by relying on contracts approved by the European Commission;
To U.S. based partners and vendors certified under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield framework.
You may contact us to obtain a copy of the safeguards we use to transfer Personal Information outside the European Economic Area.
Links to Other Websites
Our websites may link to websites maintained by outside organizations, including third-party social networks (such as Google+, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn) and our clients. Please be aware that these third-party websites are governed by their own privacy policies. We are not responsible for the content or policies maintained by these websites. Please familiarize yourself with the privacy policy of any third-party website you visit, as it will govern any information you submit through that website.
Security
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards that are intended to appropriately protect Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, unauthorized alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, misuse, and any other unlawful form of processing of the Personal Information in our possession. However, because no information system can be 100% secure, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information.
Data Retention
We take measures to delete your Personal Information or keep it in a form that does not permit identifying you when this information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we process it, unless we are required by law to keep this information for a longer period. When determining the retention period, we take into account various criteria, such as the nature and length of our relationship with you, mandatory retention periods provided by law and the statute of limitations, the type of Services requested by or provided to you, the possible re-enrolment with our Services, and the impact on our Services if we delete some information from or about you.
Changes to This Policy
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy. The “Last updated” date at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. If we make material changes, we may notify you via a notice posted on our website or other method. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy periodically to stay up-to-date about our privacy practices.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at:
MAVA
1400 K St., NW Suite 1100
Washington, DC 20005
United States
mava@mava.org
Go to Top