https://mcc.ie/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The purpose of this notice is to inform you of the data relating to you that we collect and use in connection with this website and the uses (including disclosures to third parties) we make of such data.
Home
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.mcc.ie.
We are McConnells Coatings of The Enterprise Centre, Ballycorus, Kilternan, Co. Dublin, Ireland. McConnells Coatings is a holey owned subsidiary of Action Adhesives, Corkeeran, Ballybay, County Monaghan, Ireland.
We take our responsibilities under applicable data
protection law, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation and
implementing legislation such as the Data Protection Act 2018, very seriously.
The purpose of this notice is to inform you of the data relating to you that we
collect and use in connection with this website and the uses (including
disclosures to third parties) we make of such data.
We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices
of any linked sites. Any external links to other websites are clearly
identifiable as such. Some technical terms used in this statement are explained
at the end of this page.
If you have any questions about our use of your personal data, please contact info@mcc.ie
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
McConnells Coatings does not collect any personal data about
you on this website, apart from information which you volunteer (for example by emailing us, using our online feedback form or
by making a purchase or event booking). This personal data may include:
your name and contact
details, including your address, phone number and email address;your credit/debit card
or bank account details;any other personal data
relating to you that you provide to us or that we generate about you in
connection with your use of this website.Collection and use of
technical information
When you visit our website, the following information is
retained about that visit:
the IP address of the visitor’s web server;the top-level domain name used (for example .ie,
.com, .org, .net);the previous website address from which the
visitor reached us, including any search terms used;Google analytics which shows the traffic of visitors
around this web site (for example pages accessed and documents downloaded);the type of web browser and operating system
used by the website visitor.
McConnells Coatings will make no attempt to identify
individual visitors, or to associate the technical details listed above with
any individual. It is the policy of Action Adhesives to never to disclose such
technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third
party (apart from our internet service provider, which records such data on our
behalf and which is bound by confidentiality provisions in this regard), unless
obliged to disclose such information by law. The technical information will be
used only by McConnells Coatings and parent subsidiary Action Adhesives, and
only for statistical and other administrative purposes.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service Privacy Policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Purposes of processing and legal basis
We will use personal data relating to you for the purposes
of:
dealing with any queries that you have submitted to us via the website;processing applications and transactions submitted through the website;improving and developing this website;carrying out research and user surveys;sending you promotional and marketing materials, subject to any preferences that you express when we collect your contact details or subsequently. You can opt out of receiving promotional and marketing materials from us at any time by contacting info@mcc.ie generating and analysing statistics regarding usage of this website, including the frequency of use of individual pages (where possible, personal data will be anonymised before being used for this purpose);fraud prevention, investigation and detection;establishing, exercising or defending legal claims.
The legal bases on which we process your personal data are
that this is necessary for:
our legitimate interests in conducting our
business in ensuring the proper management and functioning of McConnells Coatings.
We will not process your personal data for these purposes if to do so would
constitute an unwarranted interference with your own interests, rights and
freedomscompliance with a legal or regulatory obligation
that applies to us; andthe performance of a contract with you or in
order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract.
Facebook Conversion Tracking Pixel
We may from time to time use Facebook Advertising, Facebook
Pixel Re-Marketing, and communications. This tool allows us to understand and
deliver ads and make them more relevant to you. The collected data remains
anonymous and we cannot see the personal data of any individual user.
However, the collected data is saved and processed by
Facebook. Facebook may be able to connect the data with your Facebook account
and use the data for their own advertising purposes (in accordance with
Facebook’s Data Use Policy). Facebook has ultimate control of the information
gathered through Facebook Advertising, Facebook Pixel Re-Marketing, and
communications. You can opt out of Facebook’s use of cookies and Facebook Pixel
Re-Marketing through settings on your Facebook Account.
Recipients of Personal Data
We may disclose your personal data to other organisations in
connection with the above purposes, including:
to third parties who we engage to provide
services to us in connection with this website, such as outsourced service
providers, IT services providers, professional advisers and auditors;to competent regulatory authorities and bodies
as requested or required by law; anddigital marketing and analytics service
providers.
Retention
We will not hold your personal data for longer than is necessary.
We retain your personal data for as long as we need it for the purposes
described in this Notice, or to comply with our obligations under applicable
law and, if relevant, to deal with any claim or dispute that might arise
between you and us.
Requirement to provide personal data
You are not under a statutory or contractual obligation to
provide us with any personal data. However, where you submit a query to us in
the ‘Contact Us’ section of our website or submit a form such as registration
for an account on our website or to sign up for one of our newsletters, we will
ask you to provide certain information, such as your name and email address. If
you do not provide this information, we may not be in a position to process
your request.
Unsolicited Correspondence and Third Party Data
McConnells Coatings may occasionally receive unsolicited
correspondence from members of the public or solicitors which contains personal
data relating to third parties (“Third Party Data”). We may process such Third
Party Data for the purpose of replying to correspondence, dealing with queries
and complying with our legal and regulatory obligations. The legal basis on
which we process Third Party Data is that this is necessary for our legitimate
interests in conducting our business and ensuring the proper management and
functioning of McConnells Coatings and Action Adhesives. If you would like to
receive further details about our use of Third Party Data, please contact us at
info@mcc.ie
Your rights
You have the following rights, in certain circumstances and
subject to certain restrictions, in relation to your personal data:
Right to access the data – You have the right to
request a copy of the personal data that we hold about you, together with other
information about our processing of that personal data.Right to rectification – You have the right to
request that any inaccurate data that is held about you is corrected, or if we
have incomplete information you may request that we update the information such
that it is complete.Right to erasure – You have the right to request
us to delete personal data that we hold about you. This is sometimes referred
to as the right to be forgotten.Right to restriction of processing or to object
to processing – You have the right to request that we no longer process your
personal data for particular purposes, or to object to our processing of your
personal data for particular purposes.Right to data portability – You have the right
to request us to provide you, or a third party, with a copy of your personal
data in a structured, commonly used machine readable format.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above,
please contact info@mcc.ie
Updates
We may occasionally update this policy. We encourage you to
periodically review this policy for the latest information on our privacy
practices.
Queries and Complaints
If you have any queries or complaints in connection with our
processing of your personal data, you can contact us at info@mcc.ie
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Irish
Data Protection Commission if you are not happy with the way we have used your
information or addressed your rights. Details of how to lodge a complaint can
be found at on the Data Protection Commissioner website or call the Data
Protection Commissioner at 353 (0)761 104 800.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 7 days.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact our parent company at:
Action Adhesives
Corkeeran,
Ballybay,
Co.Monaghan,
Republic of Ireland
A75 W862
042 9741638
info@action-adhesives.ie
Need to match a colour?
Check our our RAL & BS colour charts.
Colour Charts
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok