https://mccoysalesllc.com/privacy-policy.php
Home (current)
Products
Service
Line Cards
About Us
Contact
720-572-1517
Website Privacy Policy
This is the website of MCCoy Sales LLC.
We can be reached via e-mail at sales@mccoysalesllc.com or you can reach us by telephone at 1.800.525.9085.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
MCCoy Sales LLC collects email addresses, names, phone numbers, and address for its registered users. We will use this information to provide you with updates about McCoySalesLLC.com, send you information when requested, and for techinical support related issues.
With respect to cookies: Our site uses cookies to help verify users access to restricted areas and for providing relevant content and advertisiments to our users.
If you dont want to receive email messages from McCoySalesLLC.com please contact our support team.
From time to time, we make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address.
Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to a description of information that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mailing us at the above address.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the below addresses or phone number.
McCoy Sales Hours Of Operation
Monday - Friday:
7:00 AM To 5:00 PM
Satuday and Sunday: Closed
720-572-1517
Phone Support
You are welcome to call us during our regular business hours or feel free to leave us a message after hours.
303-762-8012
Email Support
If you would like to contact McCoy Sales by email, please use our support email address listed below.
sales@mccoysalesllc.com
Fax Information
If you need to send a fax to our office please use the number listed below and we wil repsond back accordingly .
303-762-8012
McCoy Sales LLC
426 S. Arthur Ave
Louisville, CO 80027
720-572-1517
 2017-2018 Company, Inc.  Home  Contact Us  Privacy Policy  Terms Of Use
McCoy Sales LLC cannot and does not warranty the contents, as well as its accuracy of McCoySalesLLC.com. McCoy Sales LLC is not responsible for any losses
when using the information on our website McCoySalesLLC.com.
McCoy Sales LLC is not repsonsible for damages occured from content or websites that are linked to from the McCoySalesLLC.com or any of its service providers. Any information or statements that appear on external sites are not sponsored, endorsed, or otherwise approved by McCoy Sales LLC. McCoy Sales LLC cannot be held liable for the availability of, or the content located on or through it. Plus, any losses or damages occurred from using these contents or the internet generally.