https://meccinc.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Meetings, Events & Conference Coordinators, Inc., (MECC, Inc.) Privacy Statement
Meetings, Events & Conference Coordinators, Inc., (“MECC, Inc.”, “Meetings, Events & Conference Coordinators, Inc.,”, “we”, “us”, or “our”), wants you to know how we use and protect the personal information you provide to us. We take the protection and proper use of your personal information seriously and are committed to protecting your personal information in our possession. In order to preserve your trust, we want you to understand what personal
information we collect from you, how we use such information, and the choices you have regarding the use of this information.
Acceptance of Terms: The following is the privacy policy applicable to the www.meccinc.com
website.
Information We Collect
Personal Information: “Personal Information” refers to any information we can use to identify or contact you, such as your name (first and last), address (city, state, zip), email address, telephone number, profession, contact preference, connection to kidney disease, etc. We may collect information in the following ways:
When you apply for subscription
Register for an event
When you register for or use any of our mobile Apps, or tools inside our mobile Apps
When you sign-up for newsletters or other communication from us
When you participate in an online evaluation/survey
When you provide personal information in a community area or other public forum
From Your Activity: We may capture the IP address and ID of the device you use to connect to the online service, the type of operating system and browser you use, and the information about the site you came from, the parts of our online service you access, the type of mobile device you use and the site you visit next.
From Cookies: A cookie is a small amount of data which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website and is stored on your computer’s hard drive. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but to protect your privacy your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites. You can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. (Each
browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your
cookie preferences.)
Using pixel tags and other similar technologies. Tracking pixels may be used to, among other things, track how you engage with our services (e.g. email newsletters) to help ensure we are providing you with valuable content.
Information Collected by and From Social Media Services and Other Third-Party Platforms:
Meetings, Events & Conference Coordinators, Inc. works with third party vendors to provide a more customized experience for you. To do so, we disclose personally identifiable information about you (specifically, your name and email address) to those vendors, though we do not allow them to re-sell or use that information for their own purposes.
You may also be able to engage with our content on or through social media services or other third-party platforms, such as Facebook, or other third-party social media plug-ins, integrations and applications. When you engage with our content on or through our website, social media services or other third-party platforms, plug-ins, integrations or applications, we may have access to certain Information in your profile. This may include your name, email address, photo, gender, birthday, location and an ID associated with the applicable third party platform or social media account user files, like photos and videos, your list of friends or connections, people you follow and/or who follow you, or your posts, topics of interests, or “likes.” For a description on how social media services and other third-party platforms, plug-ins, integrations or applications handle your information, please refer to their respective privacy policies and terms of use, which may permit you to modify your privacy settings.
When we interact with you through our content on third party websites, applications, integrations or platforms, we may obtain information regarding your interaction with that content, such as content you have viewed, information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on.
When you use a link online to visit a third-party website, you are subject to that website’s privacy and security practices, which may be different from ours. You should familiarize yourself with the privacy policy, terms of use and security practices of that third-party website before providing any information on that website.
How We Use and Share the Information
Meetings, Events & Conference Coordinators, Inc. will not sell, trade or share your personal information with any other entity, nor will we send mailings to you on behalf of other organizations unless you have given us specific permission to do so.
Other Business Purposes: We may use Personal Information for other business purposes, such as conducting audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new services, enhancing, improving and modifying our programs and our Services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our mission activities, and updating and expanding our business activities.
Online payment information, i.e. credit card numbers, is not stored in any MECC system. Should you voluntarily disclose personal information online, e.g. on message boards, through email or in chat areas, that information may be collected and used by others.
Email communication from Meetings, Events & Conference Coordinators, Inc. adheres to the CAN-SPAM ACT https://www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/business-center/guidance/can-spam-actcompliance-guide-business and contains an opt-out link. If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy on this site, please contact us at info@meccinc.com.
This policy applies to all information received by Meetings, Events & Conference Coordinators,Inc. both online and offline, on any Platform (“Platform”, includes the Meetings, Events & Conference Coordinators, Inc. website and mobile applications), as well as any electronic, written, or oral communications.
Online Security
The Meetings, Events & Conference Coordinators, Inc. websites employ Secure Socket Layer (SSL) security for data. System passwords are routinely changed. All credit card information transmitted during online transactions is processed with Secure Socket Layer (SSL) security, an established protocol for transmitting information via the Internet which uses server authentication and data encryption to ensure that your data is safe and secure. Once
processed, credit card information is not stored in any MECC system. Access to www.meccinc.com coding and protocols is restricted to Meetings, Events & Conference Coordinators, Inc. staff. Despite use of these safeguards, we cannot guarantee and do not represent that your information will always be secure from unauthorized access.
Changes to this Online Privacy Statement: MECC may change this Online Privacy Policy Statement from time to time. When we do, we will let you know by appropriate means such as by posting the revised policy on this page with a new “Last Updated” date. Any changes to this Online Privacy Statement will become effective when posted unless indicated otherwise.
Online File Storage | Webmail
© Powered by Seo Company Miami