https://medical-coding.net/privacy-policy/
CPT
ICD-9
ICD-10
HCPCS
SHOP BY SPECIALTY
CLAIM FORMS
DATA FILES
E-BOOKS AND CDs
Loading... Please wait...
Sales Support
(888) 288-2043
support@medical-coding.net
My Account
Gift Certificates
Wish Lists
Hi Guest, Sign in or Create an account
Check Out
Categories
CPT
ICD-10-CM
ICD-10-PCS
HCPCS
BY SPECIALTY
CLAIM FORMS
DATA FILES
E-BOOKS / CDs
ICD-9
2
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This document sets forth the Provistas Online Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") for this Web site, www.medical-coding.net (the "Site"). If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should not access or use this Site. This Privacy Policy does not govern privacy practices associated with offline activities or other Provistas web sites. All "personal information" ("personal information" is defined as any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains) that we collect and maintain will be subject to the version of the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of such collection.
How your personal information is used
Provistas collects your information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select.
Provistas does not sell or share your information with any third parties for marketing purposes other than through cookie use described below.
If you subscribe to a service or register a product, for example, the information is used to register your rights, if any, to technical support or other benefits that may be made available to registered users. As another example, if you enter a contest, information is collected to qualify the entry and contact you regarding the contest or prize awards. Your personal information is also used to keep you informed about product upgrades, special offers, and other products and services of Provistas if you have so opted to receive such communications.
Provistas may collect information about the use of the Site, such as the types of services used and how many users we receive daily. This information is collected in aggregate form, without identifying any user individually. Provistas may use this aggregate, non-identifying statistical data for statistical analysis, marketing, or similar promotional purposes.
Protection of your personal information
The personal information that you provide in connection with registering yourself as a user of Provistas products or services or registering a Provistas product is classified as Registration Information. Registration Information is protected in several ways. Your Registration Information resides on a secure server that only selected Provistas personnel and contractors have access to via password. Personal information that you provide that does not constitute Registration Information also resides on a secure server and is only accessible to selected Provistas personnel and contractors via password.
Please note that any information you post to a public bulletin board or chat room, such as the Medical Coding .Net Forums (the "Forums"), is available to all persons accessing that location. Your e-mail address will not automatically be posted on the Forums unless you modify the default setting to permit that. Your e-mail address would then be available to all persons accessing the Forums. In addition, you should be aware that the Forums offers a service in which subscribers are e-mailed a copy of all messages posted to the Forums on a particular topic. Consequently, if you post a message to the Forums, your e-mail address will be sent to those subscribers that have indicated an interest in the topic of your message.
Entities collecting personal information
Personal information on this Site is collected by Provistas, Incorporated. Provistas is headquartered at 10339 E 37th Street, Yuma, AZ, 80365. Our telephone is 888.288.2043.
The Site may contain links to other sites at which personal information is collected. In such instances, unless expressly provided to the contrary, the collection and use of your personal information will be governed by the privacy policy applicable to that site. That privacy policy should identify the entity that is collecting your personal information.
Collection of personal information
As a visitor to this Site, you can engage in many activities without providing any personal information. In connection with ecommerce or newsletter subscription activities, Provistas will ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, Provistas may ask that you provide us personal information, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including ZIP code), e-mail address, employer, job title and department, telephone and facsimile numbers, and other personal information. When ordering products or services on the Site, you may be asked to provide a credit card number. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity.
When you use the Site, Provistas or third parties authorized by Provistas may also collect certain technical and routing information about your computer to facilitate your use of the Site and its services. For example, we may log environmental variables, such as browser type, operating system, CPU speed, and the Internet Protocol ("IP") address of your computer. We use these environmental variables to facilitate and track your use of the Site and its services. Provistas also uses such environmental variables to measure traffic patterns on the Site. Without expressly informing you in each particular circumstance, we do not match such information with any of your personal information.
When you submit personal information to Provistas through this Site, you acknowledge that with respect to certain activities, trusted vendors of Provistas may undertake the collection, transferring, storage, and processing of your information. Such vendors are bound by contract not to use your personal information for their own purposes or provide it to any third parties.
Provistas has established relationships with various service providers whose services are available to you from this Site or from Web sites that are linked to this Site. Typically, these providers offer services that Provistas customers might find useful, such as those that can be used in conjunction with Provistas services and products. In order to use those services, you may be required to provide personal information to the providers. Unless expressly provided to the contrary, personal information that you provide while you are visiting a provider's Web site will be subject to the privacy policy posted on such site, and personal information that you provide while on this Site in conjunction with a provider's service will be subject to this Privacy Policy. You should be aware that our agreements with these service providers often provide that they will share with Provistas personal information collected from you. In such instances, Provistas may use this information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy. In the situation where sites have a Provistas "look and feel," and you reasonably believe you are on a Provistas site, the site is collecting information in a solely intermediary capacity and does not use personal information for secondary purposes.
Use of cookies
When you visit this Site, you can browse the Site and access important information without revealing your identity. In order to improve our Site, we use "cookies" to track your visit. A cookie is a small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a Web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It functions as your identification card, and enables Provistas to record your passwords, purchases, and preferences. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. (For some Web pages that require an authorization, cookies are not optional. Users choosing not to accept cookies will probably not be able to access those pages.)
While Provistas uses cookies to track your visit to medical-coding.net, and our Web servers automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer, Provistas does not generally use this information to identify you personally. However, if you expressly provide consent for medical-coding.net to "remember" the unique identifier that you select when you register for various activities on the site, that unique identifier will be stored on a cookie on your computer, linked to your registration information, and your navigation path around the site will be tracked. We use this data to understand how our site and services are being used so we can understand our customers and offer appropriate products and services.
Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website including Google. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. In particular, Google uses the DoubleClick DART cookie to serve ads. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Your choices with respect to personal information
Provistas recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected on this Site. Without your consent, Provistas will not communicate any information to you regarding products, services, and special offers available from Provistas, although we may find it necessary to communicate with you regarding your use of the services on this Site. Except in the particular circumstances described in this Privacy Policy, Provistas will also not provide your name to other companies or organizations without your consent.
There are other instances in which Provistas may divulge your personal information. Provistas may provide your personal information if necessary, in Provistas's good faith judgment, to comply with laws or regulations of a governmental or regulatory body or in response to a valid subpoena, warrant, or order or to protect the rights of Provistas or others.
Updating your personal information and privacy preferences
You may access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences (such as whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Provistas or third parties) by writing or calling Provistas at:
Provistas, Incorporated
Attn: Preferences
10339 E 37th Street Yuma, AZ 85365 USA
Please include your name, address, and/or e-mail address when you contact us.
Privacy-related inquiries and complaints
Provistas takes its users' privacy concerns seriously. If you believe that Provistas has not complied with this Online Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information or you have other related inquiries or concerns, you may write to the Provistas Privacy Officer at the address indicated above. In your letter, please describe in as much detail as possible the nature of your inquiry or the ways in which you believe that the Provistas Online Privacy Policy has not been complied with. We will investigate your inquiry or complaint promptly.
Please note that if you provide Provistas with inconsistent privacy preferences (for example, by indicating on one occasion that third parties may contact you with marketing offers and indicating on another occasion that they may not), Provistas cannot guarantee that your most recent privacy preference will be honored.
Also, please note that Provistas is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of non-Provistas Web sites to which this Site or any other Provistas Web site may link. You should review the privacy policy of such sites before using the sites.
Changes in Privacy Policy
Provistas reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion, and will provide notice of material changes on the home page of the Site. If as the result of such changes, you want to alter the ways in which Provistas is allowed to use your personal information, you can do so by following the procedure described below in the section titled "Updating your personal information and privacy preferences." You will be deemed to have been made aware of, and will be subject to, the changes to the Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Site after such notice has been posted for thirty (30) days with the following exception: If at the time you provide personal information to Provistas you are given the opportunity (as you currently are) to limit how such information will be used to communicate with you, either by Provistas or by third parties, Provistas will not change your preference in this regard without your express consent. However, if Provistas sells assets (or the assets of a division or subsidiary) to another entity, or Provistas (or a division or subsidiary) is acquired by, or merged with, another entity, Provistas may provide to such entity customer information that is related to that part of our business that was sold to or merged with the other entity without your consent.
TESTIMONIALS
I never have to worry about my order with Medical-Coding.net. The level of customer service and professionalism is second to none. Thank you for all the great support.
Steve Kotter
Business Development Director
21st Century Health Care Consultants
Thanks again so much for all your helpful service for the coding books we require. The Medical-Coding. Net staff was wonderful to work with.
Deb ReevesOffice Manager
Medical-Coding .Net has the medical coding software our staff needs at competitive prices.
J. Jones, Practice Manager
Another student in my medical coding class recommended that I contact Medical-Coding .Net for the required books. I am glad that I did, fast shipping and great prices!
Sonja M, Student
Sign up for our newsletter
Email
Categories
Books
Software
Claim Forms
Data Files
E-Books and CD-Roms
PAGES
About Us
FAQs
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
support
sitemap
Shipping & Returns
MY ACCOUNT
My Account
Order Status
Wish Lists
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Shipping & Returns
KNOWLEDGE BASE
CONTACT US
SITE HELP
CONTACT US
To ask any questions or schedule a demo, we're available by telephone, fax, or email. Our phones are staffed, Monday through Friday, 9am-6pm CST.
Provistas, Incorporated 10339 E 37th Street, Yuma, AZ 85365
888-288-2043
support@ medical-coding.net
SECURE SHOPPING
PAYMENT OPTIONS
All prices are in USD
 2015 medical-coding-net . All Rights Reserved
>