https://medicalgases.uk.com/terms-conditions-of-website-use-2/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
& Cookie Policy
Welcome to our website. Please take a moment to read our privacy and cookie policy
Water & Steam Systems
Pre-Treatment For Water
Purified Water
Water For Injection
Laboratory Water
Type 1
Type 2
Pure Steam
Storage & Distribution
Puretech Process System Limited is a trading division of U.K Gas Technologies.
This privacy policy  will explain how our organisation uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website. It covers
What data do we collect?
How do we collect your data?
How will we use your data?
How do we store your data?
Marketing
What are your data protection rights?
What are cookies?
How do we use cookies?
What types of cookies do we use?
How to manage your cookies
Privacy policies of other websites
Changes to our privacy policy
How to contact us
How to contact the appropriate authorities
What data do we collect?
Puretech collects the following data:
Personal identification information (Name, email address, phone number, )
How do we collect your data?
You directly provide Puretech with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:
Register an online enquiry or place an order for any of our products or
Voluntarily complete a customer survey or provide feedback on any of our message boards or via
Use or view our website via your browser’s
Puretech may also receive your data indirectly from the following sources:
Acquisition of marketing lists
How will we use your data?
Puretech collects your data so that we can:
Process your order, manage your
Email you with information on products and services, news and case studies that we believe may be of interest to you in your work capacity.
When Puretech processes your order, it may send your data to, and also use the resulting information from, credit reference agencies to prevent fraudulent purchases.
How do we store your data?
Puretech securely stores your data at Aztec House, Perrywood Business Park, Salfords, Redhill, Surrey RH1 5DZ
Marketing
Puretech would like to send you information about products and services of ours that we think you might like, as well as those of our partner companies.
If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at a later date.
You have the right at any time to stop Puretech from contacting you for marketing purposes.
If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please click here.
What are your data protection rights?
Puretech would like to make sure that you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data from Puretech. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that Puretech corrects any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that Puretech complete information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that Puretech erases your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that Puretech restricts the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to Puretech’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that Puretech transfer the data that we have collected to another organisation, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email:
Call us: +44 (0) 1737 378 000
Or write to us at: Aztec House, Perrywood Business Park, Salfords, Redhill, Surrey RH1 5DZ
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behaviour information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology.
For further information , visit allaboutcookies.org.
How do we use cookies?
Puretech uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including:
Keeping you signed in
Understanding how you use our website
What types of cookies do we use?
There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses:
Functionality – Puretech uses these cookies so that we recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences. These could include what language you prefer and location you are in. A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are
Advertising – Puretech uses these cookies to collect information about your visit to our website, the content you viewed, the links you followed and information about your browser, device, and your IP Puretech sometimes shares some limited aspects of this data with third parties for advertising purposes. We may also share online data collected through cookies with our advertising partners. This means that when you visit another website, you may be shown advertising based on your browsing patterns on our website .
How to manage cookies
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Privacy policies of other websites
The Puretech website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy
Puretech keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated in September 2019.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about Puretech’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at:
Call us: +44 (0) 1737 378 000
Or write to us at: Aztec House, Perrywood Business Park, Salfords, Redhill, Surrey RH1 5DZ
How to contact the appropriate authority
Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that Puretech has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.
ABOUT MEDICAL GASESAbout Us
In House Capabilities
Code of Conduct
Leadership Team
Health & Safety
Innovation
Sustainability
Company Details & Accreditation
SOLUTIONSMedical Gases
Laboratory Gases
Centralised Dental Air and Vacuum
Toxic, corrosive, pyrophoric & hazardous special gases
Gas Recovery & Recycling
Process Installations
Helium Quench Pipe Systems
High vacuum systems
LEGAL NOTICESPrivacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Follow usADDRESS Aztec House
Perrywood Business Park
Salfords, Redhill
Surrey, England
RH1 5DZ
+44 (0)1737 378 000
sales@puretech.uk.com
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more