http://medinge.org/privacy/
Sharing our thoughts Sharing our news Who we are
The Medinge Group is committed to your right to privacy. Any and all information collected at this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, loaned, or otherwise disclosed without prior consent. If you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to send an e-mail to
Cookies A cookie is a file that is downloaded on your computer when you access certain web pages. Cookies allow a web page, among other things, to store and recover information regarding the browsing habits of users or their equipment, and depending on the information contained and the way in which the equipment is used, may be used to recognise the user. The user’s browser memorises cookies on the hard disk during the current session only, occupying minimal memory space and not harming the computer. Cookies do not contain any specific personal information and most of them are deleted from the hard drive at the end of the browsing session. Most browsers accept cookies as standard, and irrespective of same, can enable or disable temporary or memorised cookies in the security settings.
What types of cookies does this web page use? Technical cookies: These are cookies which allow the user to browse through a web page, platform or application and to use the different options or services available, such as for example to control traffic and the communication of data, to identify the session, access areas with restricted access, recall elements comprising an order, complete the purchasing process for an order, carry out a request for membership or participation in an event, use security elements during browsing, store content for broadcasting images or sound, or share content through social media. Customisation cookies: These cookies allow the user to access a service with some characteristics of a general nature which are predefined on the basis of a series of criteria on the user’s terminal, such as for example, the language, the type of browser through which the service is accessed, the regional configuration from which the service is accessed, etc. Analysis cookies: These cookies are either processed by us or by third parties and allow us to quantify the number of users and thus to measure and obtain a statistical analysis of the use made of the offered service. To do this, browsing of our web page is analysed so as to improve our offer of products or services. Third party cookies: The Medinge Group web page can use third party services which, on behalf of The Medinge Group, gather information for statistical purposes, on use of the site on the part of the user and to provide other services related to the activity of the website and other Internet services. In particular, this website uses Google Analytics, an analytical web service provided by Google, Inc. with address in the United States headquartered at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043.  To provide these services, the latter use cookies which collect information, including the user’s IP address, which will be transmitted, processed and stored by Google in the terms established on the web page Google.com. It includes the possible transmission of said information to third parties on account of legal requirements or whenever said third parties process the information on behalf of Google. Users expressly accept, through using this Site, processing of the information collected in the manner and for the purposes stated above. And likewise accept that they are aware of the possibility of refusing the processing of such data or information as they can reject the use of Cookies by selecting the configuration appropriate for this purpose in their browser. However, this option to block Cookies on their browser may not allow full use of all of the Website’s functionalities. You can allow, block or eliminate the cookies installed on your equipment by configuring the options of the browser installed on your computer
webmonsterPrivacy10.23.2015
×
modal esto seria un modal remodeladoThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
NecessaryAlways Enabled