http://medicalpmrg.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Who We Are
Our Services
Our Clients
Library
Q1-2020-Newsletter
Q4 2019 Newsletter
Q3 2019 Newsletter
Q2 2019 Newsletter
Q1 2019 Newsletter
Q4-2018 Newsletter
Q3-2018 Newsletter
Charge Capture
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Interactively procrastinate high-payoff content without backward-compatible data.
Privacy Policy
As part of the day-to-day business operations of Practice Management Resources Group (PMRG), we receive and maintain certain information regarding our visitors. PMRG respects the privacy of every individual who visits our Web site. Therefore, we would like to define the types of information we receive and describe how it is maintained in this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”).
USING THIS WEB SITE CONFIRMS YOUR CONSENT AND AGREEMENT TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY, INCLUDING COLLECTION USE, AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION BY AS DESCRIBED HEREIN.
Guests/Visitors to our web site visit solely to obtain general information about PMRG’s operation and services. If you visit our web site and request us to contact you by filling out the Contact Us form, we collect and store only the information you enter on the form.
What we use your information for:
Respond to customer service requests
Send you a newsletter
Send you marketing communications
Respond to your questions and concerns
Improve our Web site and marketing efforts
Conduct research and analysis
What we don’t do with your information:
Sell or share with any third parties.
Choice/Opt-Out
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or you can contact us at info@medicalpmrg.com.
Information Sharing
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may also disclose your information as required by law such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Cookies are used to collect general usage and volume statistical information that does not include Personal Information.
Security
When we collect information directly from you, we follow HIPPA guidelines. No method of transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. Therefore we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at info@medicalpmrg.com.
Additional Policy Information
To review, correct and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, contact us at info@medicalpmrg.com
Modifications of Privacy Statement Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our privacy practices in accordance to state and federal laws. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. If you have any concerns or questions, please contact us at any time.
Contact Information
You can contact us about this privacy policy by emailing us at: crace@medicalpmrg.com.