https://meetingexpectations.com/privacy-policy/
Submit an RFP
Contact Us
privacyWe are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us.This Privacy Policy governs the privacy policies and practices of our website, located at MeetingExpectations.com. Please read our Privacy Policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.We last updated our Privacy Policy on June 1, 2019. INFORMATION WE COLLECTGenerally, you control the amount and type of information you provide to us when using our website. The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interaction with us and the website. The personal information we collect can include the following:Name, Email Address, Phone, Company Name and uploaded documents such as an RFP. AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATIONWhen you use our website, we automatically collect certain computer information by the interaction of your mobile phone or web browser with our website. Such information is typically considered non-personal information. We also collect the following: COOKIESOur Website uses “Cookies” to identify the areas of our Website that you have visited. A Cookie is a small piece of data stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser. We use Cookies to personalize the Content that you see on our Website. Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of Cookies. However, if you disable Cookies, you may not be able to access functionality on our website correctly or at all. We never place Personally Identifiable Information in Cookies. THIRD-PARTY TRACKING TOOLSWe also use third party tracking tools to improve the performance and features of our website. These third-party tracking tools are designed to collect only non-personal information about your use of our website. However, you understand that such tools are created and managed by parties outside our control. As such, we are not responsible for what information is actually captured by such third parties or how such third parties use and protect that information. LOG INFORMATIONWe automatically receive information from your web browser or mobile device. This information includes the name of the website from which you entered our website, if any, as well as the name of the website to which you’re headed when you leave our website. This information also includes the IP address of your computer/proxy server that you use to access the Internet, your Internet website provider name, web browser type, type of mobile device, and computer operating system. We use all of this information to analyze trends among our Users to help improve our website.Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ OUR EMAIL POLICYOur affiliates and we fully comply with national laws regarding SPAM. You can always opt out of receipt of further email correspondence from us and/or our affiliates. We agree that we will not sell, rent, or trade your email address to any unaffiliated third-party without your permission. UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this policy, we may notify you on our Website, by a blog post, by email, or by any method we determine. The method we chose is at our sole discretion. We will also change the “Last Updated” date at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. Any changes we make to our Privacy Policy are effective as of this Last Updated date and replace any prior Privacy Policies. CONTACT USIf you have any questions about our Privacy Practices or this Policy, please contact us. Contact Us Subscribe
HomeSubscribePrivacy PolicySite Map© Copyright 2019 Meeting Expectations. All Rights Reserved.