https://meijer-handling-solutions.com/contact/privacy-statement/
PRIVACY STATEMENT
This is the privacy statement of Meijer Handling Solutions B.V., listed in the Commercial Register at the Chamber of Commerce under the number Leeuwarden 01101189, with respect to the website www.meijer-handling-solutions.com. This privacy statement relates to the processing of the data that Meijer Handling Solutions B.V. collects by means of the application form on the website(s) and/or through other ways by means of which personal data can be collected, such as, for example, business cards that are obtained at trade fairs.
Meijer Handling Solutions B.V. respects the privacy of all customers and users of our website. We ensure that the information that you provide to us is treated confidentially. This privacy statement applies exclusively to the services of Meijer Handling Solutions B.V.
You should be aware that Meijer Handling Solutions B.V. is not responsible for the privacy policies of other sites that are accessible via a link on our website. We advise you, when approaching websites of third parties via our website, to always consult the privacy statements and disclaimers of those other websites. You can see that you are no longer on our website if the URL has changed.
Processing of personal data
When you apply for the services of Meijer Handling Solutions B.V., we ask you to provide certain minimal personal data, such as your name, salutation and the data concerning the company with whom you may be in service. We shall never ask you for your personal address details and/or other personal information. The data are stored in the customer system (CRM) of Meijer Handling Solutions B.V. and are used in order to enable us to provide our services to you, such as the storing of applications, quotations and/or the sending of product information and/or new information. Your email address will only be used for this purpose. You can terminate your reception of mailings at all times, by means of the method specified in the mailing concerned.
In principle, your personal data are used only by Meijer Handling Solutions B.V. and or organizations like their representatives. We do not provide your personal data to third parties without your permission, unless we are obliged to do so by law or in pursuance of a court judgement, or if this is necessary for the implementation of an agreement between yourself and Meijer Handling Solutions B.V.
At all times, you have the possibility of reviewing, altering, or deleting your personal data. In that event, you can contact us. If at any given moment you no longer wish to receive information by email, then you can unsubscribe at all times, by means of the link at the bottom of the email concerned. Should there still be any complaints and/or objections which cannot be resolved directly with Meijer Handling Solutions, then you have the right to submit a complaint to the Dutch Personal Data Protection Authority.
Retention period
Meijer Handling Solutions B.V. does not retain your data for any longer than it takes to fulfil the purposes for which they were collected and processed.
Cookies
This website makes use of cookies. Read more about the cookies policy of Meijer Handling Solutions B.V.
Cookies
The meijer-handling-solutions.com website is continually seeking possibilities of improving its service provision and aligning this as much as possible with the needs of the visitors. In doing so, the website makes use of cookies. In order to emplace them, your permission is necessary.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a chunk of information that a browser stores on your computer, smartphone or other appliance. With so-called tracking cookies, this information is also stored on the server of the website provider or on the server that Meijer Handling Solutions uses. With the aid of cookies, a visitor can for example log in automatically to a website, but Meijer Handling Solutions can also improve its services on the basis of the desired usage by the visitor. Cookies are not harmful to your computer and you can remove them yourself, at any time, via your browser. In any event, the cookies remain valid until they have been removed by you.
The Meijer Handling Solutions website treats with care the data it obtains, and will ensure that its processing of the data complies with the applicable legislation and regulations. The Meijer Handling Solutions website is not responsible or liable for the cookie usage of third parties, such as the responsibilities of the websites to which the visitor can link or which the visitor will otherwise use, such as providers of social media, including YouTube, Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook and suchlike.
Alterations
This privacy statement may be altered without prior notice in the event of changes in the business operations of Meijer Handling Solutions B.V. It is therefore advisable to consult this privacy statement regularly.
THANK YOU FOR VISITING MEIJER HANDLING SOLUTIONS / © 2019 MEIJER HANDLING SOLUTIONS
Contact Us
Please fill in your question and we'll get back to you, asap.
Not readable? Change text.
Send
DEAR VALUED CUSTOMER,
The COVID-19 has now spread to most parts of the world. Local authorities increasingly apply restrictions to prevent the spread of the virus, potentially impacting production and supply chains.
At Meijer Handling Solutions in the Netherlands we are following our standard risk protocol and doing our utmost to reduce the impact of COVID-19 on our business. Some of our office employees will work remotely to secure business. Untill now we will remain fully operational.
This being said, we cannot ensure production and delivery in case the Local Authorities would announce nationwide quarantine, or the freight companies and carriers would be restricted.
Thanking for your understanding and cooperation in advance.
Kind regards,
Meijer Handling Solutions