https://meltonclassics.com/privacy-policy/
Custom Quote Always Free, Always Fast
Melton Classics Inc. Privacy Policy & Terms of Use I.) Privacy Policy A.) Personal Information Melton Classics, Inc. values the privacy of its users and web site viewers. Any of the following personal information that may be made available to Melton Classics, Inc. when browsing or navigating the site shall be kept confidential:
First and Last Name Company, Home Address, Postal Code or other physical address. Telephone Number; FAX Number, Email Address, or other similar information. Title/Position in a company or an organization. Occupation. Industry. Personal Interests. Any other information needed to provide a service you requested.
Examples of scenarios where our visitors provide their personal information include, but may not be limited, to:
Emailing, calling or communicating with Melton Classics employees or representatives. Posting a question or comment through the site. Requesting literature or any other information. Requesting a quote for services offered. Registering to attend a seminar or any event. Participating in an online survey. Requesting inclusion in an email or other mailing list. Submitting an entry for a contest or other promotions. Bidding a project for which we are a specified manufacturer. Requesting CAD drawings or other information on our products. Requesting a call back for information on our products or other information.  Logging in to the site, thus requiring a user name and/or a password. Any other business-related reason.
Melton Classics, Inc. provides you the opportunity to agree or decline to give your personal information via the Internet. Melton Classics, Inc. will inform you of the purpose for the collection and does not intend to transfer your personal information to third parties without your consent, except under the limited conditions described under the discussion entitled “Information Sharing and Disclosure” below. If you choose to provide us with your personal information, we may transfer that information, within our organization or to a third party service provider as necessary. we may also use your contact information to contact you by email or other means to include but not be limited to provide you with special offers, product updates, policy changes, information about your order or quotation, or any other business-related reason. B.) Domain Information Collection Melton Classics, Inc. may collect domain information to enable us to analyze how our visitors use this site. This data enables us to become more familiar with which people visit our site, how often they visit, and what parts of the site they visit most often. Melton Classics, Inc. uses this information to improve its Web-based offerings. This information is collected automatically and requires no action on your part. C.) Confidentiality and Transmissions over the Internet The transmission of data or information (including communications by e-mail) over the Internet or other publicly accessible networks may not be secure, and is subject to possible loss, interception or alteration while in transit. Accordingly, we do not assume any liability for any damage you may experience or costs you may incur as a result of any transmissions over the Internet or other publicly accessible networks, such as transmissions involving the exchange of e-mail with us (including those which may contain your personal information). We make no efforts to safeguard the privacy of the information you provide us. In no event will the information you provide to us be deemed to be confidential, create any fiduciary obligations to you on our part, or result in any liability to you on our part in the event that such information is inadvertently released by us or accessed by third parties without our consent. D.) User Conduct and Obligations You agree to follow all applicable laws and regulations when using this web site and further agree that you will not transmit junk mail, chain letters, or other unsolicited bulk e-mail or duplicative messages to any email address listed on this site. By uploading, posting or otherwise transmitting through or to our web site any content, you grant to us, our successors and assigns, a non-exclusive, world-wide, royalty free, perpetual, non-revocable license to use or distribute such content in any manner otherwise than as stated in our Privacy Policy. E.) Third Parties and Links Pointers or links to other web sites and references to products and services offered by third parties are provided to you for convenience only and do not constitute an endorsement or approval by us of (i) the organizations that operate such web sites; (ii) the content, privacy policies or other terms of use on such web sites; or (iii) such third party products and services. As we have no control or responsibility over web sites or content maintained by other organizations, or for products and services offered by third parties, we do not assume any liability for your use of any of the foregoing, which you acknowledge and agree shall be at your own risk. F.) Proprietary Rights Our policy is to comply with all intellectual property laws and to act quickly upon receiving any notice of claimed infringement. If you believe that your work has been reproduced on this web site in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, please let us know immediately by sending email to questions@meltonclassics.com. G.) Information Sharing and Disclosure i.) Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable) Some limited aggregated demographic information about our user base may be shared from time to time with our partners and/or advertisers. This information does not identify individual users. ii.) Personally identifiable information: To the extent Contributions and other Material (as defined in the Terms of Use) contain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, Melton Classics, Inc. has the right to provide that information to others pursuant to the Term of Use. iii.) Forums/Chat Rooms/Mailing Lists/Comment Forms If you use public services such as forums, chat rooms, or mailing lists on Melton Classics, Inc. web sites, or submit information using a comment form, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these services, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these public services. Melton Classics, Inc. reserves the right to terminate the accounts of visitors who use these services in a manner inconsistent with our Terms of Use. iv.) Legal Disclaimer We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served relating to our web site. II.) General Provisions If any provision of these Terms of Use is held invalid or unenforceable in any respect by any court having competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law, and the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use shall continue in full force and effect. No waiver of any provision of these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such provision or any other provision of these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Federal and State laws. The parties consent to the exclusive jurisdiction at a place to be determined by Melton Classics, Inc. at the last minute. III.) Terms of Use – www.meltonclassics.com Use of this web site or any of its features is offered to you on your acceptance of these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy and other notices posted on this web site. Your use of this web site or of any content presented in any and all areas of the web site indicates your acknowledgment and agreement to these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy and other notices posted on this web site. If you do not agree to be bound by and comply with all of the foregoing, you may not access the web site. Melton Classics, Inc. has the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, add or remove any terms or conditions of these Terms of Use without notice or liability to you. Any changes to these Terms of Use shall be effectively immediately following the posting of such changes on this web site. This web site does not guarantee the accuracy of any information. Accordingly, we do not guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, reliability or completeness of any of the information contained on, downloaded or accessed from this web site. The performance of this web site and all information contained on, downloaded or accessed from this web site are provided to you on an “as is” basis, without warranties of any kind whatsoever, including any implied warranties or warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of the rights of third parties. If something unexpected happens to your computer because you accessed this web site, you cannot hold Melton Classics, Inc. liable in any way. We reserve the right to modify, disable access to or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any part or all of this web site or any information contained thereon without liability or notice to you. As a visitor to our website, you acknowledge and agree that any reliance on or use by you of any information available on this web site shall be entirely at your own risk. In no event shall Melton Classics, Inc. nor any of its data providers be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential or exemplary damages arising from the use or the performance of this web site.
Column Selection Assistance Building the perfect column for you custom application has never been easier Start Now
Balustrade Selection Assistance Let us help identify the right balustrade system for your custom application Know More
P.O. Box 465020 Lawrenceville, Georgia 30042 Telephone: 800-963-3060 Fax: 770-962-6988 Copyright © 2001-2020 Melton Classics Incorporated - All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Terms and Conditions | Fiberlite Square
Disclaimer for Melton Classics Inc. If you require any more information or have any questions about our site's disclaimer, please feel free to contact us by email at info@meltonclassics.com Disclaimers for Melton Classics All the information on this website - https://meltonclassics.com - is published in good faith and for general information purpose only. Melton Classics does not make any warranties about the completeness, reliability and accuracy of this information. Any action you take upon the information you find on this website (Melton Classics), is strictly at your own risk. Melton Classics will not be liable for any losses and/or damages in connection with the use of our website. From our website, you can visit other websites by following hyperlinks to such external sites. While we strive to provide only quality links to useful and ethical websites, we have no control over the content and nature of these sites. These links to other websites do not imply a recommendation for all the content found on these sites. Site owners and content may change without notice and may occur before we have the opportunity to remove a link which may have gone 'bad'. Please be also aware that when you leave our website, other sites may have different privacy policies and terms which are beyond our control. Please be sure to check the Privacy Policies of these sites as well as their "Terms of Service" before engaging in any business or uploading any information. Consent By using our website, you hereby consent to our disclaimer and agree to its terms. Our Disclaimer was generated from the Disclaimer Generator. Update Should we update, amend or make any changes to this document, those changes will be prominently posted here.