https://mercerint.com/privacy/
Last modified: February 6, 2020
Mercer International Inc. and its subsidiaries (“Mercer”) is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) describes Mercer (“we”, “us”, “our”) practices with respect to the collection, use, storage and disclosure of personal information we collect from users of our website. This Privacy Policy describes what types of personal data Mercer may collect about you when you visit our website or use our services accessed through the website (“Services”), how it may be used and processed, and how it is protected. As used in this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means any information that is capable of identifying you as an individual either submitted by you when using our Services and/or obtained through alternative channels.
We may modify this Policy from time to time. When we post changes to this Policy, we will revise the “last modified” date at the top of this page. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of how we collect, use, protect and disclose your information. By accessing and/or using our website, you signify your understanding of, and agreement with, this Policy. If you do not agree with our policies, please do not access our website.
Information Shared Amongst Our Affiliates, Subsidiaries and Divisions
We may share personal information gathered on our website with and amongst our corporate subsidiaries, affiliates or divisions for internal business purposes in accordance with this Policy. If we do, we will ensure that your information continues to be used only in accordance with this Policy and your expressed choices.
Business Transfers
As we continue to grow, we might sell or buy certain subsidiaries and/or business units. In such transactions, customer information is generally one of the transferred assets but would remain subject to the protections described in this Policy (unless you consent otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that we (or substantially all of our assets) are acquired by another party, customer information would in most cases be one of the transferred assets. Any such transfers will be in accordance with applicable laws.
This website and other social media platforms linked to this privacy policy are owned and operated by Mercer International Inc. with its principal place of business at 1120 West Pender Street, Vancouver, BC, V6C 1G8, Canada.
Definitions:
“Personal data” or “Personal information” means any information which relates to a living, identifiable person. It can include but is not limited to, names, addresses, telephone numbers, and email addresses. Personal data can be other information that when combined may also result in a person being identifiable, including but not limited to your personal preferences (i.e. language preferences), as well as your IP address.
“Processing” covers all activities relating to the use of personal data by an organization, from its collection, storage, and disposal and everything in between.
What do we collect, why do we collect it, and how is it processed:
Mercer International Inc. complies with the principles of GDPR, PIPEDA, PIPA(BC), PIPA(AB), CCPA, APA. Mercer International Inc. may collect your personal data in a number of ways.
You will provide Mercer with personal data when you correspond with Mercer via the website.As you use the website or social media platforms, Mercer will collect technical data including your browser type, the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your device to the internet, and your usage habits while interacting with these sites. This data is collected using cookies.
Newsletters or Mercer Updates
We also offer you the opportunity to sign up to receive newsletters, updates or similar communications from us from time to time. Should you choose to enroll, we will collect your contact information, such as name and email address. This information will only be used to send you such communications that you have requested. You may “unsubscribe” at any time as directed in such communications. We may offer you the ability to sign up for third-parties’ newsletters, updates or similar communications. The privacy policies of those parties will be provided to you at such time and their use of your personal information will be subject to those terms and conditions.
If you access any feature of our website that connects to your social media accounts (collectively, “Social Media”), Mercer may receive information about your Social Media site profile, including without limitation your first, last and user names, and Social Media site profile ID and icon, in accordance with the terms of such Social Media site. We may record information regarding the use of that Social Media connection, and we may collect other information that is visible on your Social Media page in accordance with the relevant terms of use associated with that social networking site.
Mercer International Inc. collects the following types of personal data:
“Google Analytics” cookies (a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc). Google Analytics sets four cookies that allow us to analyze traffic on the website. Google Analytics cookies allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors to this website and to see how visitors move around the site (in particular, what pages of the website are being visited). This helps us to improve the way our website works.
Display and preference settings cookies – for example, if you changed the size of the text on our website when you last visited, a cookie will remember that so that you don’t need to do it again.
“Session cookies” – to identify and maintain a browsing session, and to remember whether you have rejected cookies through your browser settings.
Cookies that track whether a social networking option has been used to forward material from our website (so that we know which social networking tools are in use).
These cookies do not collect or track any personal data or information about you as an individual. Instead, they are focused on how the website is used and seek to enhance the accessibility of the website.
We also log your domain and IP address automatically when you visit this website. This data identifies the computer that you are using to view this website and your approximate geographic location. Again, we do this to track usage patterns.
Data provided by you when corresponding through the website or social media platforms shall be used only for the purpose for which it was provided and consent was given.
Withdrawing Consent
Where the legal basis for Mercer International Inc. processing your personal data is consent, you may withdraw consent at any time.  If you withdraw your consent, this will not make processing which we undertook before you withdrew your consent unlawful. You may withdraw your consent by contacting;
Mercer’s Manager Cybersecurity c/o:
Mercer International Inc., 1120 West Pender Street, Vancouver, BC, V6C 1G8, Canada. +1 604 684 1099
or the EU data protection officers listed in the table below.
Mercer International will not retain personal data for any longer than necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and to allow us to comply with legal requirements.
This website may contain links to third-party websites. Before providing personal data to a third party, we recommend you examine the privacy policies on those websites. Mercer International Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices on third-party websites.
Mercer International Inc.’s website, external service providers, and linked third-party sites are not for use by children under the age of 16 years and we do not knowingly collect, store, share or use the personal data of children under 16 years. If you are under the age of 16 years, please do not provide any personal data, even if prompted by the site to do so. If you are under the age of 16 years and you have provided personal data, please ask your parent(s) or guardian(s) to notify Mercer and we will delete all such personal data.
Should you send us questions via the contact form, we will collect the data entered on the form, including the contact details you provide, to answer your question and any follow-up questions. We do not share this information without your permission.
We will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with your consent. You may revoke your consent at any time. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
We will retain the data you provide on the contact form until you request its deletion, revoke your consent for its storage, or the purpose for its storage no longer pertains (e.g. after fulfilling your request). Any mandatory statutory provisions, especially those regarding mandatory data retention periods, remain unaffected by this provision.
For a uniform representation of fonts, this page uses web fonts provided by Google. When you open a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly.
For this purpose, your browser has to establish a direct connection to Google servers. Google thus becomes aware that our web page was accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web fonts is done in the interest of a uniform and attractive presentation of our website.
If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font is used by your computer.
Further information about handling user data, can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google’s privacy policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
This site uses the Google Maps map service via an API. It is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
To use Google Maps, it is necessary to save your IP address. This information is generally transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The provider of this site has no influence on this data transfer.
The use of Google Maps is in the interest of making our website appealing and to facilitate the location of places specified by us on the website.
What rights do you have regarding your data?
You may have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge. You may also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in the legal notice if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection. You may also, of course, file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities.
You have the right to have data that we process based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract automatically delivered to yourself or to a third party in a standard, machine-readable format. If you require the direct transfer of data to another responsible party, this will only be done to the extent technically feasible.
This site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and for the protection of the transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser’s address line when it changes from “http://” to “https://” and the lock icon is displayed in your browser’s address bar.
If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transfer to us cannot be read by third parties.
As permitted by law, you may have the right to be provided at any time with information free of charge about any of your personal data that is stored as well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed. You also may have the right to have this data corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in our legal notice if you have further questions on the topic of personal data.
Right of objection
You as a user and data subject also have the right to object to the future processing of the data concerning you in accordance with Art. 21 DSGVO, provided that the data are processed by the provider in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) DSGVO. In particular, an objection to data processing for the purpose of direct advertising is permissible.
We have appointed data protection officers for our company:
Mercer International Inc.Alistair SkeyAlistair.Skey@mercerint.comTel. +1 604 684 1099Mercer International Inc., 1120-700 West Pender St., Vancouver, BC, Canada V6C 1G8
Mercer RosenthalJulia SchneiderJulia.schneider@mercerint.comTel. +49 36642 8-0Zellstoff- und Papierfabrik Rosenthal GmbH, Hauptstraße 16, 07366 Rosenthal am Rennsteig, Germany
Mercer Timber ProductsSabine MerkleSabine.Merkle@mercerint.comTel. +49 36651 8-00Mercer Timber Products GmbH, Am Bahnhof 123, 07929 Saalburg-Ebersdorf, Germany
Mercer HolzKathrin SchreiberKathrin.Schreiber@mercerint.com Tel. +49 0 39321 55-612Mercer Holz GmbH, Hauptstraße 16, 07366 Rosenthal am Rennsteig, Germany
Mercer StendalManuela Lieske
Manuela.Lieske@mercerint.com Tel. +49 39321 55-122Christian Held (Deputy of Data protection officer) Tel. +49 39321 55-562 Christian.held@mercerint.comZellstoff Stendal GmbH Goldbecker Straße 1, 39596 Arneburg, Germany
Legal Notice
Privacy Policy
Documents
Certificates
Report an Issue
Copyright ©
Mercer International Inc. All rights reserved.
Website by White Canvas Design.
Top