https://mercuri.net/privacy-cookie-policy/
Back
Home / Privacy & Cookie Policy
Mercuri International Group AB (Mercuri) are very grateful that you want to participate in our privacy policy.
In this policy, we want to inform you about the type, scope and purpose of collecting personal information when you are in contact with Mercuri. You should be confident that Mercuri take all reasonable measures to protect the personal information you may provide to Mercuri.
Responsible for processing your personal data is Mercuri International Group AB, Box 3044, 169 03 Solna, Sweden. For questions about privacy policy please contact: [email protected]
Processing of personal data
Personal data is all information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, such as, name, address, phone number and e-mail address. Processing of personal data is in accordance with the provisions of the Swedish Integrity Protection Act and Data Protection Reform (GDPR), which becomes active in the EU on May 25, 2018. We will obtain your consent before initiating processing of your personal data which, according to the law, requires your consent. You must be over 18 years to provide personal information to us. If it comes to our attention that we collect personal data from a person under 18, we will act to remove the information as soon as possible. The personal data recorded on the website, or otherwise communicated to Mercuri, are never sold to third parties for commercial purposes.
Purpose of collecting personal data
We at Mercuri treat your personal information that you have provided with the purpose of administering them for any future contact. Interest reports and personal data from you are administered to be included in any agreements, providing information about ongoing projects and services that we provide in connection with various requests. Information is also addressed indirectly in connection with the development, testing and management of the IT systems that are linked to our website.
Please note that when using our site, there are features that allow you to post information that may be considered personal data. You may only provide information about other persons if you have their consent to provide us with their information.
What personal data we collect?
We process personal information that you provide to us as below:
A.      Details you provide to us via the website or if you enter into an agreement with Mercuri
Contact Form Data. On our website there are several forms that you as a visitor can volunteer to ask us, via or report interest, to receive newsletters or event invitations or to send you material. The requested data (e.g. “Form data”) is e.g.: name, email and case / message. We use data in the contact form to process your requests and / or to provide requested services or to provide the requested information in the contact form.
Cooperation. As a consultant or supplier, Mercuri will record and save personal information required to complete the current contract / contract and where there is a legitimate interest in processing your personal information. We will obtain your consent before we begin processing your personal data in accordance with legislation.
B.      Information collected by us when you visit our website
Cookies and log files
Mercuri uses cookies for www.mercuri.net and associated domains and applications. By using our site, you agree that cookies are used. A cookie is a small data file with text stored in your browser and enables us or third parties to identify you. Cookies can be used for the following purposes: (1) allow certain functions; (2) provide statistics; (3) save your choices and (4) enable advertising and interest-based marketing. Cookies can be of two types, session cookies or permanent cookies. A session cookie automatically disappears when you close your browser. A permanent cookie remains for a certain amount of time or until you delete your cookies. The expiration date is in the cookie itself; Some may cease to work after a few minutes, while others may end after a number of years. Cookies placed by the webpage you visit are sometimes called first-party cookies, while cookies by other companies are called third-party cookies. If you do not want cookies or certain types of cookies, you can change the settings in your browser to delete saved cookies and block new ones. See your browser’s help pages for more information about approaches. However, note that deleting or blocking cookies may prevent you from using all of the features on our site, such as to save your choices, and it may also cause some pages to not display properly.
Third party cookies
Mercuri uses Google Analytics to analyze how the site is used. Google Analytics generates statistics and other information about how the site is used by saving cookies on the user’s computer. The information generated for our site is used to create reports about the use of the site. Google saves and uses this information. Google’s Privacy Policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Block cookies
Most browsers allow you to block cookies. In Internet Explorer, you can block cookies by selecting “Tools”, “Internet Options,” “Privacy,” and drag the slider to “Block All Cookies.” In Firefox, you can change the cookies management settings by selecting “Tools”, “Options” and “Privacy.” Blocking cookies can adversely affect the use of certain websites.
Third-party vendors
Mercuri uses third party suppliers to complete the delivery of its products and services. Personal data is then processed by the following external parties: Makers Hosting Our Website, New Amsterdam AB operates our website, Apsis is Provider of Our News Issues, Netigate Managing Our Surveys, Microsoft hosting our mail and Ondrive, Britt AB operate servers and network and CrossKnowledge, which is the supplier of our e-learning system.
All these operators have entered into a personal data processor agreement with Mercuri.
Personal data for marketing purposes
An acceptance of our privacy policy also implies that Mercuri uses the personal data you provided for marketing and market research. The purpose is to create a better experience because Mercuri is constantly working to improve and optimize the quality of our services (for example, by displaying content that may be of interest to you and delivering more relevant information to you). In case you no longer wish to receive marketing please contact us and state that you do not wish to be contacted for marketing purposes.
How long is your personal data saved?
We store your personal information in principle as long as the provision of our services requires by law or if we believe there is a legitimate interest in additional storage.
As a customer, supplier, private person or as visitor to our website, we believe there is a legitimate interest in saving data for up to 3 years.
The consent that your personal data is used for market communications applies (unless stated otherwise in specific offers) as long as we stated above.
Analyses and tests are saved until the education is completed, up to 1 year.
Transfer of personal data
The transfer of personal data that you provide to us by filling out the contact form, e-mail or by verbal contact with us will only be transferred to third parties, to the extent required to comply with the agreement. The personal data you register with Mercuri are never sold to third parties for commercial purposes. However, in order to be able to complete courses and programs, send newsletters etc., some personal data will be processed by external parties who have personal information agreement with Mercuri (see section ‘Third Party Providers’).
Your rights
You are entitled to receive information about the personal data you have stored with us. In addition, under the statutory terms, you may request correction of incorrect data, data limitation or deletion of your personal data.
You can always contact us for assistance or information about your rights at [email protected].net
Change of data and privacy policy
Mercuri reserves the right to change the privacy policy at any time. The latest update date is as a note on the first page.
Share page
Share page on Facebook
Share page on LinkedIn
Share page on Twitter
Share page by email
Generate PDF from page
Print page
Choose country or region
Australia Belgium Brazil Bulgaria Canada China Colombia Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Global Hong Kong, China Hungary India Indonesia Italy Japan Korea Latvia Lithuania Malaysia Mexico Netherlands New Zealand Norway Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Romania Russia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain Sweden Thailand UK US United Arab Emirates Vietnam
Language:
Currency:
Save preset
Close
Australia
Belgium
NederlandsFrançais
Brazil Bulgaria
Canada
EnglishFrançais
China Colombia Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Egypt Estonia
Finland France Germany Global Hong Kong, China Hungary India Indonesia Italy Japan Korea Latvia Lithuania
Malaysia Mexico Netherlands New Zealand Norway Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Romania Russia Serbia Singapore
Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain Sweden Thailand UK US United Arab Emirates Vietnam