https://merchantaccountforum.com/privacy-policy.html
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to give you a summary of the ways in which Results Business Consulting, LLC, dba The Local Search Company, maintains, and uses your information. Please feel free to contact us by email at privacy@thelocalsearchcompany.com or by mail at The Local Search Company, Privacy Department, 379 Amherst St. #132, Nashua, NH 03063 with any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the information we gather about you.
How We Collect Your Information
We gather information about you as you use our websites, contact our customer service representatives, fill out online order forms or information request sheets, and provide your information to our sales agents. We may use cookies and pixel tags to track your usage of our websites. We also may use online order forms and information request sheets to obtain information from you necessary to process your orders and provide you with requested information. When you call the numbers on our websites and speak with our customer service representatives, we collect information provided during the call to ensure the best quality of service and the correct processing of your orders.
Information We Collect
We collect various types of Customer Information. A summary of the types of information that we collect is set forth below:
Customer Contact Information Your Customer Contact Information is any information needed to contact you and fulfill your orders and requests such as your name, address, phone number, fax number, and email address.
Business Customer Information. Private Customer Information is that information that may be necessary to check credit and process payments. Such information includes credit card information, and banking and wiring information.
Customer Order Information. Customer Order Information is that information necessary to complete your orders and requests for information. Such information may include your Customer Contact Information, monitoring and packaging selections, your billing and shipping information, as well as other details pertaining to your order of products and services through us.
Website Usage Information. Website Usage Information is information that we collect that tells us about the way you use and navigate through our websites.
Security Measures
The Local Search Company has implemented a variety of procedures to protect information stored in our computer systems from unauthorized access. We also maintain procedural safeguards that restrict access to your Customer Information to employees (or people working on our behalf and under confidentiality agreements) who need to know your Customer Information in order to provide the products and services that you request.
Use and Sharing of Customer information
All of your Customer Information is used in an effort to process your orders and requests and to provide you with the products and services you desire. We may share your Customer Information with third parties in order to complete your purchases of products and services as described below. In addition, your Customer Information may be used and shared in an effort to present to you other special offers and promotions that may become available. The extent to which we use and share your Customer Information depends upon the nature of and purpose for which we use and share it. A summary of how we share your Customer Information with third parties is set forth as follows:
With Third Party Advertisers
Although we never share your Private Customer Information with any third parties, we may share other types of your Customer Information with third party advertisers who are able to use that information to provide you with special offers or promotions. The ways in which such advertisers may subsequently use your Customer Information is governed by their own privacy policies and procedures. You may opt out from having us share your Customer Information with Third Party Advertisers by following the steps in the next section.
Opt-out Procedures
To opt out from receiving further communications from us regarding other offers and promotions, or to opt out from having your information shared with any Third Party Advertisers, you may email us at privacy@thelocalsearchcompany.com or by mail at The Local Search Company, Privacy Department, 20A NW Blvd. #102, Nashua, NH 03063.
Telemarketing
By providing your contact information, including your telephone number, on this Web site, you are expressly granting us permission to contact you even though you may have previously chosen to have your telephone number added to any Do-Not-Call List including lists maintained by us, or any local, state or federal government agency.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We will update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our business. If we change how we use your Customer Information or the purposes or entities for and to which we disclose your Customer Information we will not notify you but we will post the policy change notification on our web site.
Access to information
Should you have any questions about the Customer Information we have about you or to access your information that we have on file, you may email us at at privacy@thelocalsearchcompany.com or by mail at The Local Search Company, Privacy Department, 20A NW Blvd. #102, Nashua, NH 03063. We may ask you to pay an administrative fee for accessing or copying your information, but will inform you of the anticipated charges and confirm that you want us to proceed before processing your request. If you believe that the Customer Information about you that we have collected is incomplete or inaccurate, The Local Search Company will correct the information upon verification of the omission or error and that the person requesting the change is the person about whom the Customer Information relates.
Privacy Policy Last Updated 12/15/2010.