http://merinogold.com.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Merino Gold Australia P/L is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Merino Gold Australia P/L Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Merino Gold Australia P/L website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Merino Gold Australia P/L collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Merino Gold Australia P/L also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your post code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by www.merinogold.com.au. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Merino Gold Australia P/L for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Merino Gold Australia P/L Web site.
Use of your Personal Information
Merino Gold Australia P/L collects and uses your personal information to operate the Merino Gold Australia P/L Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Merino Gold Australia P/L also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Merino Gold Australia P/L and its affiliates. Merino Gold Australia P/L may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Merino Gold Australia P/L does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Merino Gold Australia P/L may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Merino Gold Australia P/L may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to www.merinogold.com.au, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Merino Gold Australia P/L does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Merino Gold Australia P/L keeps track of the pages our customers visit within www.merinogold.com.au, in order to determine what Merino Gold Australia P/L services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Merino Gold Australia P/L to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Merino Gold Australia P/L Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Merino Gold Australia P/L or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Merino Gold Australia P/L; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of www.merinogold.com.au, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Merino Gold Australia P/L Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize www.merinogold.com.au pages, or register with www.merinogold.com.au site or services, a cookie helps www.merinogold.com.au to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the www.merinogold.com.au features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of www.merinogold.com.au.
Security of your Personal Information
Merino Gold Australia P/L secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Merino Gold Australia P/L secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol (256 bit).
Changes to this Statement
Merino Gold Australia P/L will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback and the law. Merino Gold Australia P/L encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Merino Gold Australia P/L is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Merino Gold Australia P/L welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Merino Gold Australia P/L has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Merino Gold Australia P/L at sales@merinogold.com.au . We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Conditions of Use
Please Note: All product images are digital and are for illustration purposes only. Colours and shades may therefore vary from image/description.
ABOUT US Merino Gold, first established in 1979, is an iconic producer of 100% Australian Fine Merino Wool Knitwear. Our well designed and styled knitwear for Men & Ladies is engineered for quality, durability & comfort.
CONTACT US
Merino Gold Australia Pty Ltd 11 Thomas Street Brunswick VIC 3056 +61 3 9380 1817 sales@merinogold.com.au
Payment Options
SHIPPING
Copyright All Rights Reserved © 2019 • powered by
Brand Solutions
ABOUT US
SIZE CHART
PRIVACY POLICY
CONTACT US