https://mermarinc.com/privacy-policy/
Default ViewHigh Contrast ViewText Only ViewFont Size:AAA
Privacy PolicyHOME
Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy01Privacy PolicyThank you for visiting www.mermarinc.com. Mer-Mar electronics is committed to protect your online privacy. We will not collect your personal information when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us.Collection of User’s InformationWe may collect limited and necessary information when users are proposing a deal via our site system for the sole purpose of the deal making, users may register an account, get in contact with customer service or technical support, etc. The so-collected information will not in any manner be used against user and will not be used for any other purpose except for the deal with Mer-Mar electronics. We will not download, store, transfer, or make other use of user’s information without getting user’s explicit consent, and will keep such information in strict protection in accordance of local laws and regulations. Users can also visit our site anonymously if you refuse such information collection, but the function of site and service may be limited.Protection of User’s InformationWe will make sure that user’s information is only used for providing service for user and user’s order like order shipment and official communication for order abnormal issue. We will not share user’s information with any third-party for any purpose.Revision for Privacy PolicyMer-Mar Electronics may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We advise users to check this Privacy Policy frequently to get the current update. The updated Privacy Policy shall bind users as well as the activities made by users on the site when such update is made.Acceptance of Privacy PolicyThrough the use of this website, you’re hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you should refrain from further use or access to this site. In addition, your continued use of our website following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you’re in agreement and acceptable of such changes.Contact usIf you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy Agreement, please feel free to reach us.Mer-Mar Electronics7042 Santa Fe Avenue East,
Hesperia, CA 92345
California, USA
Tel: 1(760) 244-6149
Fax: 1(760) 244-6150
Sales: sales@mermarinc.com
Career: jobs@mermarinc.com
You have reached the end of a page.
Skip back to main navigation