https://meycocovers.com/front-page/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyCindy Shurbutt2018-05-29T15:01:47-04:00
We Care About Your PrivacyMeyco’s Privacy Policy
Meyco Products cares about your privacy. That’s why we collect and use your personal and business data to help us deliver excellent service to our customers. Your personal and/or business data includes information such as:
What we collect
Company Name
Company Contact Name(s)
Business Address(s)
Business Telephone number(s)
Email address(s)
Other data collected that could directly or indirectly identify you.
Our Privacy Policy is intended to describe to you how and what data we collect in clear, simple-to-understand terms that is free of legalese. Our Privacy Policy also explains how and why we use your data and your options to update and/or manage your company’s data that we process.
Information we collect/receive:
Meyco Products collect information to help us provide the best experience when you utilize our Services – product purchases, website(s), customer service support, sales/product support, mobile applications, etc. – hereafter called “Services.”
Customer Account information is collected with your use of our Services. This information may include your account number, contact information, survey responses, call recordings, your communication preferences and e-newsletter subscriptions, your purchases, your customer service requests and notes regarding your company’s buying history, product preferences, shipping and billing data, your dealer passwords, what you asked for and how we responded.
Cookies and similar technologies on our digital properties (websites, mobile applications, etc.) automatically collect your browsing behavior, links clicked and your device type; and other various data, including analytics about how you use and interact with our Services. This allows us to develop a better experience for you on our digital properties, and to collect, analyze and improve the performance of our Services.
Third Party Data may be received about you from other sources, including publicly available databases or third parties from whom we have purchased data.
How we use the information we collect and receive:
We may use the data we collect to:
Maintain and deliver the Services you purchase or interact with
Address and support customer support issues
As required by law
Improve and enhance our products and services (including our websites and mobile applications)
Detect and prevent abuse of our Services and systems
Understand and analyze how you use our Services
Understand the products and services that are most relevant to you
Some of the data collected is aggregated or statistical data about how you use our Services and not linked to your personal data. To the extent it is itself personal data, or is linked/linkable to personal data, we treat it accordingly.
Some specific examples of how we use the information:
Create and maintain your dealer account
Mail product information/pricing and email e-newsletters
Send you a quote, order confirmation or other documents to facilitate your use of our products
Payment processing
Respond to your inquiries
Conduct surveys
Meyco Products may use the data we collect to contact you about relevant products and services based upon legitimate interest in serving our customer’s needs. For example, we have a legitimate interest in reviewing your personal data to analyze how you use our websites, products and services, and to ensure network and information security. Our legitimate interests do not override your interests. We will not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you, unless we have your consent or those activities are otherwise required or permitted to by law.
Meyco Products will retain your information to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and to provide necessary historical data of purchases and services used.
If you make a request to delete your personal data and that data is necessary for the products or services you have purchased, the request will be honored only to the extent it is no longer necessary for any Services purchased or required for our legitimate business purposes or legal or contractual record keeping requirements.
We may combine Third Party Data with information we already have about you so that we can update, expand and analyze our records, identify new prospects for outreach, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you. If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason it was provided to us.
If you wish to cancel your account, stop receiving services, update your subscription preferences with respect to receiving communications from us or inactivate or remove personal information about you from our database, please email sales@meycoproducts.com.
Communicating with you.
We may contact you directly or through a third party service provider for a variety of reasons including:
Responding to your inquiry or request. If you contact us to purchase a product, as ask or question or request additional information on our Services, we will use your information to respond.
Sending you business-related emails about relevant information including order status, quote confirmations, shipping information, and other communications to ensure that we provide you with prompt service and accurate order processing. These emails and messages are considered a necessary part of our Services and you may not opt-out of them.
Sending emails about new products or services that we think you would like to know about. You may opt out of these types of messages at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each communication.
Conducting surveys. We may use the information you provide at your discretion in the surveys to enhance and improve our products, services, and websites and develop new products or services.
Text (SMS Messaging) to provide prompt service to your requests when other types of communication are not relevant, timely or available to you at your request.
Telephone calls to respond to your calls and/or emails regarding service and/or product questions/issues
Sharing with trusted third parties:
We may share your personal data with affiliated companies within our corporate family and with trusted third party service providers as necessary for them to perform services on our behalf, such as:
Payment Processing
Verifying accuracy and updating contact information
Sending marketing communications
Conducting contests, surveys and research
Performing analysis of our Services and customers demographics
Communicating with you
Customer relationship management
Fulfilling orders with contracted shipping providers
We only share your personal data as necessary for any third party to provide the services as requested or as needed.
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (such as subpoena requests), to protect our property and rights or the property and rights of a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we consider to be illegal or unethical.
To the extent we are legally permitted to do so, we will take reasonable steps to notify you in the event that we are required to provide your personal information to third parties as part of legal process.
Transfer of personal data abroad:
If you utilize our Services from a country other than the country where our servers are located, your communications with us may result in transferring your personal data across international borders. In these cases, your personal data is handled according to this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Polic-y(ies) of the services used in the transfer of this information.
Website analytics:
We use Google Analytics as described in “How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services” to collect information about how you interact with our website or mobile applications, including what pages you visit, what site you visited prior to visiting our website, how much time you spend on each page, what operating system and web browser you use and network and IP information. We use the information provided by these tools to improve our Services.
This tool place cookies in your browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our website. The information collected from the cookie may be transmitted to and stored by these service partners on servers in a country other than the country in which you reside. Though information collected does not include personal data such as name, address, billing information, etc., the information collected is used and shared by these service providers in accordance with their individual privacy policies.
You may prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics on websites by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.
Social Media:
Our digital sites may include social media features, such as Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter “share” features. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These services will also authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us, such as your name and email address, to pre-populate a form or provide feedback. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them.
How we secure, store and retain your data.
We follow generally accepted standards to store and protect the personal data we collect, both during transmission and once received and stored; however, no security measure is perfect. We recommend keeping your password safe and secure. It is one of the easiest ways you can manage the security of your own account – remember that if you lose control over your password, you may lose control over your personal information.
We retain personal data only for as long as necessary to provide the Services you have requested and thereafter for a variety of legitimate legal or business purposes. These might include retention periods:
Mandated by law, contract or similar obligations applicable to our business operations
For preserving, resolving, defending or enforcing our legal/contractual rights
As needed to maintain adequate and accurate business and financial records
If you have any questions about the security or retention of your personal data, you can contact us at sales@meycoproducts.com
Changes in our Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy and any other places we deem appropriate. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. If you continue to use Meyco Products services after those changes are in effect, you agree to the revised policy.
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about our Privacy Policy, our practices, or our Services, you may contact us:
By Mail: Meyco Products, 7601 Highway 221, Moore, S.C. 29369
By Phone: (800) 446-3926.
By Email: sales@meycoproducts.com
Find a Dealer Near YouAvailable from Your Local Swimming Pool Company
Meyco Pool Covers and accessories are available from Meyco Authorized Dealers.
Find a Dealer Near You
Go to Top