https://meyenberg.com/privacy-policy
Join the Meyenberg Mailing List
Sign-up to get more recipes and goat milk goodness!
×
Submit
Home
Products
The Benefits
Recipes
Goats & Dairies
About Us
Store Locator
FAQs
Jobs
Contact
WIC & Shelf Life
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
We at Meyenberg Goat Milk Products value and are committed to protecting your privacy. With a view to transparency, this Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) describes the type of information we obtain about you when you visit our Website (https://meyenberg.com) and how we may collect, use, protect, and share that information.User’s Acknowledgment and Acceptance of TermsBY ACCESSING, BROWSING, AND/OR USING THE MEYENBERG GOAT MILK PRODUCTS WEBSITE YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO ABIDE BY THE CONDITIONS LISTED BELOW.IF THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS NOT COMPLETELY ACCEPTABLE TO YOU, YOU MUST IMMEDIATELY TERMINATE YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE.Scope of this PolicyYour privacy is important to Meyenberg Goat Milk Products and we go to great lengths to protect it. This Policy applies to the online collection and sharing of personal and other information via the Meyenberg Goat Milk Products Website. This Policy does not apply to information collected in any other way, including offline, through other websites. Meyenberg Goat Milk Products may contain buttons or links to websites maintained by third parties. These third party websites are not operated or controlled by Meyenberg Goat Milk Products and may have different privacy policies.Personal and Non-Personal InformationPersonal information that Meyenberg Goat Milk Products may collect is information that, on its own, or in combination with other information, can identify you, such as your name, address, phone number, email address, credit card number, and billing information.Non-personal information is information that does not identify you, but can include information about your Internet connection, the computer you use to access our Website, and usage details.Children Under the Age of 13This website is directed to adults and is not directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.Teens (Individuals 13 To 17 Years of Age)Guests who are 13 to 17 years of age should seek parental consent before providing any personal identifying information on our Website.Information That You Provide Us DirectlyThe information we collect from you on our Website may include:copies of your correspondence (including your name and email address), if you communicate with us electronically; your responses to rating, satisfaction or other surveys or requests for optional demographic-type information; details regarding purchases you make online, including financial information (such as your credit card number), and details related to fulfilling your orders (such as your delivery address); and your search queries on our Website.Other Ways We Collect Information from YouWe collect certain information through automatic data collection technologies including as follows:Cookies, which are small text files that our computer servers may automatically send to your computer and that uniquely identify your browser, help you log in faster and enhance your navigation of our Website. A cookie may also convey information about how you use our Website, the pages you visit, the links you click, how much time you spend on our Website and other viewing habits and information. We may use cookies to target certain advertisements to be sent or directed to you, based on the pages/topics/links you have shown an interest in. If you click on an advertisement, you will be taken to another website that Meyenberg Goat Milk Products does not control. If you wish to disable cookies on your computer, please refer to the instructions on your Internet browser. IP addresses, which is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you’re surfing the Web. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. Meyenberg Goat Milk Products collects IP addresses for the purposes of system registration, to report aggregate information to our promotional partners, and to audit the use of our Website. When guests request pages from the Meyenberg Goat Milk Products Website, our servers log the guests’ IP addresses. We do not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that a user’s session will be logged, but the user remains anonymous to us. We can and will use IP addresses to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules, terms of service, or to protect our service, Website, customers, or others. Analytics tools, which collect information sent by your browser that let us know which pages you visit on our Website. We do not link non-personal information with personal information. We use this non-personal information in an aggregate way to monitor usage and improve our Website. These tools do not contain any personally identifiable information such as your name or email address.How We Use Your InformationWhen you give or make available information to us, we use it in the ways for which you have given us permission, such as to purchase our products. We use the statistical data we collect to customize content for you, to improve our Website and to enhance the products and services we provide.We do not sell or share personal information to third parties except to help us deliver the products or services that you have requested, and those third parties must agree not to disclose your information to others or use it for any unrelated purpose. Despite this Policy, we must also comply with applicable laws and may be compelled to disclose your information to the extent we are legally required to do so. We may also disclose your personal information in the event of a transfer of ownership, assets or bankruptcy of Meyenberg Goat Milk Products.How We Protect Your InformationWe take precautions to protect your personal information once we have it. We have implemented certain appropriate security measures to help protect your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We store the information about you in a data center with restricted access and appropriate monitoring. Despite these measures, we do not guarantee that unauthorized persons will always be unable to defeat our security measures.Who Has Access to Your Personal InformationWe will not sell, rent, or lease mailing lists, customer names, or email addresses to others, and we will not make your Personal Information available to any unaffiliated parties, except our approved agents and contractors, or as otherwise described in this Policy. We rely on some of our affiliates for support of the products and services we offer; our affiliates are all required to preserve the confidentiality of any Personal Information they may access. We will not disclose any Personal Information except as necessary to service the account, to enforce the terms of use, to meet our obligations to content and technology providers, or as required by law.Hyperlinks to Third Party WebsitesOur Website may contain links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or policies of these unaffiliated websites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of other websites that collect personal information from you.Our Website may also have “plugins” (such as the Facebook “Like” button) to third-party websites. Third-party plugins, including their loading, operation, and use, are governed by the privacy policies and terms of the third parties providing them.California "Do Not Track" NoticeYour web browser may have a “Do Not Track” feature that, when enabled, can tell websites to not track your online behavior. Our Site does not respond to these “Do Not Track” signals. We do not link your online click behavior with your Personal Information. You can learn more about “Do Not Track” by visiting this link: www.allaboutdnt.com.CCPA Data Subject RightsIf you are a California resident, The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides privacy rights to you with respect to Personal Information. Please note that we will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA.The rights under the CCPA include:Access to what Personal Information is being collected about you.Knowledge of whether your Personal Information is sold or disclosed and to whom. We do not sell Personal Information to third parties.Opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information.Access to the Personal Information we have collected about you.You can request that we delete any Personal Information collected from you.Not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under the CCPA.You can exercise these rights by reaching us via email, phone or message us from our “contact us” page here: https://meyenberg.com/contact.Changes to this PolicyWe may need to change this Policy from time to time. When we do, we will post a notice on our Website. Your continued use of this Website after the effective date of the change notice will mean you accept any such changes. To ensure you are reviewing the most current version of this Policy, we will post the effective date at the top of the page.Opting OutInformation provided at the time of registration or submission may be used for marketing and promotional purposes by Meyenberg Goat Milk Products. To keep you in control of your personal information and the communications directed to you, you may opt-out of receiving communications from Meyenberg Goat Milk Products about new features or services. If you object to such use for any reason, you may contact us using any of the methods described on our contact us page.QuestionsIf you have any questions or concerns related to this Policy, you may contact us using any of the methods described on our contact us page.