https://mezalick.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The following Terms and Conditions apply to the use of this Web site as well as all transactions conducted through the site.
Copyright:
All content appearing on this Web site is the property of:Mezalick Design Studio, LLC4526 Griscom StreetPhiladelphia, PA 19124 USA
Privacy Policy:
We respect your privacy. Therefore we never share or sell your personal information with any third parties. Any information collected through this site is intended to be used for this transaction only. Your personal information is secured via SSL (Secure Socket Layer) Technology.
What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or subscribe to our newsletter. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: ; To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs) ; To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you) ; To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs) ; To process transactions Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested. ; To send periodic emails The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies? Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance: Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent. Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only: This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent: By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy: If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us: If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Mezalick Design Studio, LLC
4526 Griscom Street
Philadelphia, PA 19124 USA
mm@mezalick.com
215-744-5490
Return Policy:
Due to the nature of the products that we sell, returns are not possible or exchangeable for other models. However if you have received models that are corrupt, unable to open or have some other flows, we will do everything we can to rectify the situation and send you new files.
However, there are cases when the refund can be issued:* it was damaged or had irreparable defects, and we can’t provide you with the completely working files;* it was not as described on our web site: a request based on this reason is satisfied on a case by case basis in agreement of both parties concerned.
A refund is produced only in a case of written (by e-mail) request of the customer with fully described reasons of an inappropriate work of the product.Miscellaneous
VOID WHERE PROHIBITED:Although the information on this Web site is accessible worldwide, not all products or services discussed in this Web site are available to all persons or in all geographic locations or jurisdictions. Mezalick Design Studio, LLC and the advertisers each reserve the right to limit the provision of their products or services to any person, geographic area, or jurisdiction they so desire and to limit the quantities of any products or services that they provide. Any offer for any product or service made in the materials on this Web site is void where prohibited.
GOVERNING LAW: In the event of litigation both parties agree that the Law of the State of business registration of Mezalick Design Studio, LLC shall apply and both parties shall consent to the jurisdiction of said State’s courts, or in the event of diversity of citizenship, the United States District Court for the (District). Both parties expressly waive a trial by jury.
MISCELLANEOUS: The Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and Mezalick Design Studio, LLC with respect to this Web site. The Terms and Conditions supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written between you and Mezalick Design Studio, LLC with respect to this Web site. No modification of the Terms and Conditions shall be effective unless it is authorized by Mezalick Design Studio, LLC. If any provision of the Terms and Conditions is found to be contrary to law, then such provision(s) shall be constructed in a manner to closely reflect, as much as possible, the intentions of the parties, with the other provisions remaining in full force and effect.
4526 Griscom Street, Office Philadelphia, PA 19124mm@mezalick.com
Copyright
Copyright@Mezalick Design Studio, LLC 2020
Privacy Policy
SiteMap