https://mfeservice.com/privacy-policy/
800-288-7060
midwest@mfeservice.com
Facebook
Google
Facebook
Google
Privacy Policy
Information about our organization and website
Modern information and communication technologies play a fundamental role in the activities of an organisation like Midwest Food Equipment Service Inc. . We are based in USA .
Our principal activities are:
Commerical Food Equipment Repiar
www.mfeservice.com
Our privacy policy covers Midwest Food Equipment Service Inc. and its Web site:
Organization Name:
Midwest Food Equipment Service Inc.
Address:
3055 Dixie
City, Zip:
Grandville , 49418
State:
Michigan
Country:
USA
Controller:
webmaster
Web Sites(s):
Providing Visitors with Anonymous Access
You can access our website home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data.
The services and links of our website
Our website does not enable our visitors to communicate with other visitors or to post information to be accessed by others.
Our website does not include links to third party web service providers.
Automatic Collection of Information
We do not use cookies on our website.
We do not automatically log personal data nor do we link information automatically logged by other means with personal data about specific individuals.
Data Collection and Purpose Specification
We collect the personal data that you may volunteer while using our services.
We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organizations.
We do not collect or use personal data for any purpose other than that indicated in the table below.
If we wish to use your personal data for new purposes, we offer you the means to consent to those new purposes:
by sending an email ( webmaster@mfeservice.com )
by calling this telephone number ( 616-261-2000 )
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children.
We take specific steps to protect the privacy of children by:
making reasonable efforts to ensure that a parent has authorized the collection of the child’s personal data
We do provide information about our personal data practices in relation to children on our home page and wherever we knowingly collect personal data from children on our Web site.
Disclosure and Visitor Choice
We do not disclose your personal data to our subsidiaries or other organisations.
Where we disclose your personal data for purposes which are different from those indicated in the table mentioned above, we offer you the opportunity to consent to disclosure.
Confidentiality / Security
We do not give visitors to our Web site the option of using a secure transmission method to send us their personal data.
We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from:
unauthorized access
improper use or disclosure
unauthorized modification
unlawful destruction or accidental loss
All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors’ personal data.
We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to State institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation.
Access to the personal data we may hold about you
You can ask us, by:
sending an email ( webmaster@mfeservice.com )
calling this telephone number ( 616-261-2000 )
whether we are keeping personal data about you.
Upon request, which you can indicate by:
sending an email ( webmaster@mfeservice.com )
calling this telephone number ( 616-261-2000 )
We will provide you with a readable copy of the personal data which we keep about you, within a week. – although we may before require proof of your identity -. We will provide the information without any charge.
We allow you to challenge the data that we hold about you and, where appropriate, you may have the data:
erased
rectified or amended
completed
We reserve the right to refuse to provide our visitors with a copy of their personal data, but will give reasons for our refusal.
We do, however, allow you to challenge our decision to refuse to provide you with a copy of your personal data.
Privacy Compliance
There are no national laws or self-regulatory schemes applicable to our web site or organisation.
There are no global or regional regulatory or self-regulatory schemes applicable to our web site or organisation.
In order to demonstrate that our privacy policy accords with the above privacy instrument, we are:
voluntarily committed to a Self Assessment procedure
Self Assessment procedure
Name or designation of the privacy policy person or service
Dave Boomstra
URL
Address
3055 Dixie Grandville, MI 49418
Country
USA
Privacy Support
If you have an enquiry or concern about our privacy policy, please contact:
Contact 1
Contact 2
Name/designation :
Webmaster
Dave Boomstra
Department :
IT
President
Address :
3055 Dixie, Grandville, MI, 49418
3055 Dixie, Grandville, MI, 49418
Phone Number :
616-261-2000
616-261-2000
Fax Number :
616-261-2020
616-261-2020
Email address :
webmaster@mfeservice.com
david@mfeservice.com
URL :
www.mfeservice.com
www.mfeservice.com
Midwest Food Equipment Service Locations
EIEIO Online Marketing™
and Website Design by Valorous Circle LLC
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
Facebook
Google+
Twitter
Pinterest
Gmail
Print Friendly
LinkedIn