http://michigandesign.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Main menu
Showrooms & ManufacturersShowrooms & StudiosManufacturersProducts & ServicesShowroom mapDesign ProfessionalsRegister NowMember LoginDesign TipsNews & EventsFind a DesignerPublicationsConsumersShopping MDCFind a DesignerDesign StudiosDesign TipsNews & EventsPublicationsKeep in TouchAboutAbout UsAccessAmenitiesHours & HolidaysLeasingMap & directionsHost an EventJoin Our Mailing List
Search form
Search
In this Privacy Policy, the words, “we,” “our,” and “us,” refer to Michigan Design Center. This Privacy Policy governs the website we operate (our “Website”) and explains how we collect any personal information on our Website, how we protect such information, and the choices you have concerning the use of such information.
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, and will post any changes here. By using our Website or any of the tools and resources we provide on our Website, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU ON OUR WEBSITE?
Personally Identifiable Information is information such as your name, address, telephone number, and email address. We may request Personally Identifiable Information from you when you request information from us, register for events, inquire about reserving our Mid-America Room, or send us comments. In each of these cases, we will only collect Personally Identifiable Information if you voluntarily submit such information to us. We will not sell, share, license, trade, or rent your Personally Identifiable Information without your permission, other than as specified in this Privacy Policy. You do not need to provide any Personally Identifiable Information to visit our Website.
We do collect information that, by itself, cannot be used to identify or contact you.
This Privacy Policy is applicable to our entire Website, but does not apply to any outside websites you visit by clicking a link within our Website.
WHERE DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION ON OUR WEBSITE?
Information Requests and Sending Comments
We collect Personally Identifiable Information through portions of our Website which allow you to request information or send us comments.
Cookies and Action Tags
Cookies are small text files placed on your computer that identify your web browser and your interaction with our Website. Cookies can be used to personalize your experience on our Website, to assist you in using the features of our Website, and to monitor how people use our Website to help us improve our online offerings.
You do not need to accept cookies to use our Website. You may set your browser preferences to reject cookies or to alert you before accepting cookies. Most browsers offer instructions on how to set your preferences in the “help” section of the tool bar.
Action Tags, also known as Web beacons or gif tags, are used to track website usage, such as the number of times a specific page has been viewed. Action tags are invisible to you, and any portion of our Website may contain action tags. You may opt-out of certain tracking on our Website and other websites by visiting www.networkadvertising.org.
By using cookies and action tags together, we gain valuable information that helps us improve our Website and measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
Log Files
We may collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information through our Internet log files, which record data such as IP addresses, browser types, domain names, and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our Website.
DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN?
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. Our Website is not designed for or directed to children under the age of 13. We do not collect any Personally Identifiable Information from anyone we know to be under the age of 13 years old. We urge parents and guardians to teach their children about protecting their personal information while online.
WHEN DO WE DISCLOSE INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES?
Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, or unless specifically agreed by you, we will not disclose any information we gather on our Website.
Legal Disclaimer
We may disclose your information if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so in order to comply with an applicable statute, regulation, rule, law, subpoena, search warrant, court order, or other valid legal process. We may disclose Personally Identifiable Information in special circumstances when we have reason to believe such disclosure is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms and Conditions, or to protect the safety and/or security of our users, our Website, or the general public.
Third Parties Generally
We may provide Non-Personally Identifiable Information, such as the number of visitors to our Website, to third parties, including potential tenants, commercial partners, sponsors, or other similar parties.
Outside Contractors
Outside contractors who provide services related to our Website may sometimes have limited access to Personally Identifiable Information in the course of providing products or services to us. We require these contractors to protect your privacy and not disclose any Personally Identifiable Information for any purpose other than providing us with the products or services for which we contracted.
Sale of Business
We reserve the right to transfer information collected on our Website in the event of a sale, merger, or other transfer of our assets, provided the party agrees to adhere to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
IS THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT SECURE?
We strive to provide secure transmission of your information through industry-standard measures, to servers in secure environments, protected from unauthorized access. Only employees who need your information to perform a specific task or function are granted access to such information. Notwithstanding our efforts to protect your information, you should be aware there is always some risk when transmitting information over the internet.
CAN YOU UPDATE OR CORRECT YOUR INFORMATION?
You can always update your Personally Identifiable Information or change your preferences with respect to communications you receive from us by contacting us.
After receiving your request, all Personally Identifiable Information stored in data bases we actively use, and other searchable media will be updated, changed, or deleted as soon as reasonably possible.
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please email us.
By using our Website, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. Modified July, 2014.