http://midas.ind.in/privacy-policy
+91-481-2561215
info@midastreads.com
HOME
ABOUT US
PRODUCTS
Precured Tread Rubber
Conventional (Hot) Rubber
Bonding Gum
Curing Bag
Envelope
Tyre Flap
Orbi Tread
Black Compounds
Rope Rubber
Vulcanising Solution
Round Tread
Cushion Repair Compound
CONTACT US
BROCHURES
Domestic Designs
Export Designs
Envelopes Curing Bags
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information.
The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Company
Home
About Us
Products
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Quick Contact
Address
Midas Mileage,
Midas Marketing Building
V/796A Mariathuruthu P.O,
Kottayam, Kerala,
INDIA - 686 017
Tel: +91-481-2561215
Fax: +91-481-2561155
Email: info@midastreads.com
Certifications
Copyright @ 2020- Midas Mileage, All rights reserved.
Powered by