https://midcanadamod.com/privacy-notice/
Home >> Privacy NoticePrivacy NoticeIn order to deliver a personalized, responsive service and to improve the site, we remember and store information about how you use it. This is done using simple text files called cookies which sit on your computer. By continuing to use this site and access its features, you are consenting to our use of cookies. To find out more about the way MC2 uses cookies please go to our Cookie Policy below.
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.midcanadamod.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at +1 (888) 428-4669 or info@midcanadamod.com
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Cookie Policy
We have developed this cookie policy (the “Cookie Policy”) in order to explain how we use cookies and similar technologies (together, “Cookies”) on this website (the “Website”) and to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of your personal information.
The first time that you visit our Website, we notify you about our use of Cookies through a notification banner. By continuing to use the Website, you consent to our use of Cookies as described in this Cookie Policy. However, you can choose whether or not to continue accepting Cookies at any later time. Information on how to manage Cookies is set out later in this Cookie Policy.
Please note that our use of any personal information we collect about you is subject to our Privacy Policy.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files containing user IDs that are automatically placed on your computer or other device by when you visit a website. The Cookies are stored by the internet browser. The browser sends the Cookies back to the website on each subsequent visit, allowing the website to recognise your computer or device. This recognition enables the website provider to observe your activity on the website, deliver a personalised, responsive service and improve the website.
Cookies can be ‘Session Cookies’ or ‘Persistent Cookies’. Session Cookies allow a website to link a series of your actions during one browser session, for example to remember the items you have added to a shopping basket. Session Cookies expire after a browser session and are therefore not stored on your computer or device afterwards. Persistent Cookies are stored on your computer or device between browser sessions and can be used when you make subsequent visits to the website, for example to remember your website preferences, such as language or font size.
Cookies We Use and Their Purpose
We use four types of Cookies – ‘Strictly Necessary’ Cookies, ‘Performance’ Cookies, ‘Functionality’ Cookies and ‘Targeting’ or ‘Advertising’ Cookies. Each type of Cookies and the purposes for which we use them are described in this section.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
‘Strictly Necessary’ Cookies enable you to move around the Website and use essential features. For example, if you log into the Website, we use a Cookie to keep you logged in and allow you to access restricted areas, without you having to repeatedly enter your login details. If you are registering for or purchasing a product or service, we will use Cookies to remember your information and selections, as you move through the registration or purchase process. Strictly Necessary Cookies are necessary for our Website to provide you with a full service. If you disable them, certain essential features of the Website will not be available to you and the performance of the Website will be impeded.
Performance Cookies
‘Performance’ Cookies collect information about how you use our Website, for example which pages you visit and if you experience any errors. These Cookies don’t collect any information that could identify you – all the information collected is anonymous. We may use these Cookies to help us understand how you use the website and assess how well the Website performs and how we could improve it for you. We may also use such Cookies to discover which parts of the Website interest you and measure how effective our advertising is.
Functionality Cookies
‘Functionality’ Cookies enable a website to provide you with specific services or a customised experience. We may use these Cookies to provide you with services such as watching a video or adding user comments. We may also use such Cookies to remember changes you make to your settings or preferences (for example, changes to text size or your choice of language or region) or offer you time-saving or personalised features. You can control whether or not Functionality Cookies are used, but disabling them may mean we are unable to provide you with some services or features of the Website
Targeting or Advertising Cookies
‘Targeting’ or ‘Advertising’ Cookies enable a website to show you relevant advertising or facilitate your use of third party services. We may use these Cookies to provide information about your Website visit to advertisers, so that they can show you adverts more relevant to your interests, limit the number of times you see the same advert and measure the effectiveness of their advertising. We may also use such Cookies to make it easier for you to ‘like’ or ‘share’ Website content through your social network(s). The social networking websites may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on those websites. Please see their website terms and policies for further information on such use.You can control whether or not Targeting or Advertising Cookies are used, but disabling them may mean we are unable to provide you with some services or features of the Website.
First and Third-Party Cookies
The Cookies placed on your computer or device include ‘First Party’ Cookies, meaning Cookies that are placed there by us, or by third party service providers acting on our behalf. Where such Cookies are being managed by third parties, we only allow the third parties to use the Cookies for our purposes, as described in this Cookie Policy, and not for their own purposes.
The Cookies placed on your computer or device may also include ‘Third Party’ Cookies, meaning Cookies that are placed there by third parties. These Cookies may include third party advertisers who display adverts on external websites you visit as a result of clicking on a link in our Website and/or social network providers who provide ‘like’ or ‘share’ capabilities (see the above section on Targeting or Advertising Cookies). They may also include third parties who provide video content which is embedded on our Website (such as YouTube). Please see the website terms and policies of these third parties for further information on their use of Cookies.
Managing Cookies
You always have a choice over whether or not to accept Cookies. When you first visit the Website and we notify you about our use of Cookies, you can choose not to consent to such use. If you continue to use the Website, you are consenting to our use of Cookies for the time being. However, you can choose not to continue accepting Cookies at any later time. In this section, we describe ways to manage Cookies, including how to disable them.
You can manage Cookies through the settings of your internet browser. You can choose to block or restrict Cookies from being placed on your computer or device. You can also review periodically review the Cookies that have been placed there and disable some or all of them.
You can learn more about how to manage Cookies on the following websites: www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.com.
Please be aware that if you choose not to accept certain Cookies, it may mean we are unable to provide you with some services or features of the Website.
Flash Cookies and How to Manage Them
We may provide videos and other content through the Website using Adobe Flash Player, which uses ‘Flash Cookies’ (also known as ‘Local Shared Objects’) to provide useful features such as auto-resume and the ability to save your preferences. Flash Cookies are placed on your computer or device in much the same as other Cookies. However, it is not possible to manage them in the same way through your internet browser settings. You can learn more about how to manage Flash Cookies on www.allaboutcookies.org. Please be aware that if you choose not to accept Flash Cookies, you will be unable to view certain content, such as videos.
Changes to Cookie Policy
In order to keep up with changing legislation and best practice, we may revise this Cookie Policy at any time without notice by posting a revised version on this Website. So please check back periodically so that you are aware of any changes.
Questions or Concerns
If you have any questions or concerns about this Cookie Policy or our use of Cookies on the Website, please contact us at +1 (888) 428-4669 or info@midcanadamod.com
Please contact Mid-Canada Mod Center to discuss your specific needs.
Request a Quote