https://midwestpressbrake.com/legal-notice-privacy-statements/
IMPORTANT LEGAL NOTICES AND PRIVACY STATEMENTS
Please read our Disclaimer before proceeding to use this Web site.
WEBSITE INFORMATION No warranty and no liability
While Midwest Press Brake Dies Inc. hereby referred to as MWPBD is making great efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information, we make no representations or warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information provided on this site and disclaim any liability for the use of this site or any site linked to it. MWPBD may change this site at any time without notice but does not assume any responsibility to update it. MWPBD makes no warranties, express or implied, and assumes no liability in connection with any use of this website. Neither MWPBD nor any other party involved in creating this site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of your access to or use of this site.
Trademarks
Any trademarks and logos (collectively, the “Trademarks”) displayed on this site may be registered and or unregistered trademarks of MWPBD and others. Be aware that certain product names presented here are trademarks, even if not specifically mentioned. Nothing on this site should be construed as granting, by implication or otherwise, any license or right in or to the Trademarks without the express written permission of MWPBD or such third party. Your misuse of any Trademarks on this site is strictly prohibited.
Product Use and Recommendations
All recommendations for use of our products or procedures are based on the state of MWPBD knowledge at the time such recommendations are made. Notwithstanding any such recommendations, you as the user of such products must make your own determination and satisfy yourself that the products supplied by MWPBD and the information and recommendations given by MWPBD are (I) suitable for intended process or purpose, (II) are in compliance with environmental, health and safety regulations, and (III) will not infringe any third party’s intellectual property rights.
Your Information and Privacy Statement
MWPBD recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of information we may collect from our on-line visitors. To this end, we are committed to using our best efforts to respect the privacy of our on-line visitors. It is our intent to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using information received from and about you with your reasonable expectations of privacy.
Collection of Data
The website requires the use of a temporary “cookie”. This cookie is used to uniquely identify your session for the duration of your log on to our site. We do not keep this cookie after you log off or close your browser session. This cookie does not contain personally identifying information. By applying for a User ID to log in to the My Account section of the web site, you give us permission to maintain a record with the information you supply, so that we can properly authenticate you as our customer. We reserve the right to refuse access to the My Account data to any person at any time.
Personally Identifiable Information
MWPBD collects personally identifiable information, such as names, addresses, e-mail addresses and the like, only when voluntarily provided by a website visitor. We track all visits to our site in an aggregate fashion, to improve the quality and effectiveness of the website.
General Guidelines
If you supply any information to MWPBD through this website, we will treat this information as normal business correspondence. MWPBD may, at any time, revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this page. You must agree to any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review to the current Terms and Conditions. Please do not use our service if you do not agree with this policy.
Press Brake Dies and Tooling
Email:
sales@midwestpressbrake.com
Phone : 708-598-3860
Fax : 708-598-3876
Tonnage Chart
Shipping and Payment form
Hours of operation:Mon-Thur 9:00 A.M. to 3:30 P.M.
Fri 9:00 A.M. to Noon
Central Time