https://migonline.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policies
Home
Privacy Policies
Privacy Policies
Why Information About You is Needed
We need to know information about you to provide you with the mortgage loan products and services you have requested of Mortgage Investors Group. If applying online, that information may include your address, phone numbers, date of birth, Social Security number, income, employment and other personal and financial information necessary to meet lending requirements.
How Information About You Is Obtained
The majority of the information needed is collected from you. Also, information about you and the proposed transaction is needed from other sources, such as consumer reporting agencies, your employer, your bank or other type depositors, your insurance carrier, and others.
Protective Measures for Your Personal Information
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, MIG uses security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include secured buildings and files, as well as computer and email safeguards.
You should refrain from sending any confidential or private information via unsecured email to Mortgage Investors Group. You will not be provided secure upload options to send confidential information to us. Contact your loan officer for details to use secure file share and/or uploads or fax options to send confidential information to Mortgage Investors Group.
Your privacy is critical to us. Likewise, we have built up this Policy with the end goal you should see how we gather, utilize, impart and reveal and make utilization of individual data. The following blueprints our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will gather and utilization of individual data singularly with the target of satisfying those reasons indicated by us and for other good purposes, unless we get the assent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will just hold individual data the length of essential for the satisfaction of those reasons.
We will gather individual data by legal and reasonable means and, where fitting, with the information or assent of the individual concerned.
Personal information ought to be important to the reasons for which it is to be utilized, and, to the degree essential for those reasons, ought to be exact, finished, and updated.
We will protect individual data by security shields against misfortune or burglary, and also unapproved access, divulgence, duplicating, use or alteration.
We will promptly provide customers with access to our policies and procedures for the administration of individual data.
We are focused on leading our business as per these standards with a specific end goal to guarantee that the privacy of individual data is secure and maintained.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and transferred to your device. We use cookies to collect information in order to improve our services for you. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. The Help feature on most browsers provides information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies or to notify you when receiving a new cookie. If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our Service and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
DoubleClick Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page.
Do Not Track Disclosure
We support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Behavioral Remarketing
Mortgage Investors Group uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We, and our third party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google
Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page. Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on – for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page.
Twitter
Twitter remarketing service is provided by Twitter Inc. You can opt-out from Twitter’s interest-based ads by following their instructions. You can learn more about the privacy practices and policies of Twitter by visiting their Privacy Policy page.
Facebook
Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc. You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page.
To opt-out from Facebook’s interest-based ads follow these instructions from Facebook. Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA, or opt-out using your mobile device settings. For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook’s Data Policy.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services and/or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform specific tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use your information for any other purpose.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
Questions
Questions may be sent to us at the following:
Email: digital@migonline.com
Mail: Mortgage Investors Group, 8320 Walkers Springs Lane, Knoxville, TN  37923
Phone: 865-221-8090
Contact Us Today
Apply Now
3 Ways to Contact Us
2 Ways to Contact Us
1-800-489-8910
Chat Online Now!
Get Started
Mortgage Investors Group, based in Tennessee, offers residential financing in a number of states in the southeast, See MIG Service Areas.
Terms and conditions to apply to home financing.
We want to share with you the loan terms vary based on several characteristics and your financial profile.
These include but are not limited to loan program, loan purpose,
occupancy, credit history, credit score, assets, and other criteria per loan type.
The repayment terms and interest rate may vary from time to time.
The terms represented here are based on certain assumptions outlined below and/or noted on the loan outline page.
Additional details concerning privacy, program disclosures, licensing specifics may be found at migonline.com Legal Information.
MIG Loan Officers will help gather the information needed for an individual assessment to provide home financing which matches the loan characteristics with your home financing needs based on your financial profile, when you are ready to begin a full loan application.
For estimates and general information before that step, the basis for which the mortgage financing information are as follows:
Rates are subject to change at any time.
Rate locks are available at current terms for 30 to 180 days based on program type, credit profile, property location, etc. which will affect the available rate and term.
Payments will vary based on program selection, current rates, property location, etc.
Not all programs are available in all states.
Some loan programs may not be available to first time home buyers.
Terms and conditions apply, which may include restrictions or limits per loan program.
Information is generally based on primary residence occupancy with no cash out when refinancing.
Unless otherwise stated, terms shown are estimates based in part on credit score of 700 or higher;
owner occupancy, escrow account is established for taxes and insurance(s); debt-to-income ratio no higher than 43.0%;
PMI applies to conventional loan programs over 80.0% LTV; VA,FHA & RD require insuring fees included in loan and/or payment; fixed rate, 30 year term.
An MIG Loan Officer is available to help with your financial details to determine which characteristics apply to your situation for a personalized look into which loan program best fits your home financing needs.
Please use the Find a Loan Officer link or reach out to Mortgage Investors Group at 800-489-8910.
Equal Housing Lender
1.2020
Home
Branches
Apply Now
Blog
About
Us
Contact
Service
Areas
Copyright © 2020 Mortgage Investors Group. All Rights Reserved.
Sitemap
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
LEGAL INFORMATION
NMLS #34391
Alabama License # MC 20305
Arkansas License # 36410
Florida License # MLD1770
Georgia License # 11460
Kentucky License # MC 21759
Missouri License # 10-1942
Mississippi License # 561/2010
North Carolina License # L-136019
South Carolina License # 34391
Tennessee License # 109111
See the NMLS consumer access page
×
Mortgage Investors Group
If you're working with a loan officer, please click "yes" and select your loan
officer.
Yes
No
×
Mortgage Investors Group
If you're working with a loan officer, please click "Yes" and select your loan
officer.
Yes
No
×
Mortgage Investors Group
Let's get started...
First Name:
Last Name:
Email:
Phone:
Next
Please fill out all the fields
Submitting data...