https://migonline.com/terms-of-use
Terms of Use
Home
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Mortgage Investors Group (MIG) and its subsidiaries operate a family of websites, including www.migonline.com and all associated sites linked to www.migonline.com by Mortgage Investors Group, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and associated web pages (collectively, “the Mortgage Investors Group website.”) The terms, conditions, and notices stated herein (the “Terms of Use”) apply to all websites and web pages comprising the Mortgage Investors Group website. Any person accessing or using the Mortgage Investors Group website is referred to as "you."
Acceptance of Terms
By accessing or using any part of the Mortgage Investors Group website or the services provided on it or other websites as set forth below (collectively, the "Services"), you agree to accept and comply with the Terms of Use stated herein and as may be modified by Mortgage Investors Group from time to time without notice to you. These Terms of Use constitute a binding contract between Mortgage Investors Group and you. You are responsible for regularly reviewing the Terms of Use. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Use at any time. If you do not wish to be bound by these Terms of Use, please do not access or use any part of the Mortgage Investors Group website.
Additional terms may govern the use of certain websites or web pages within the Mortgage Investors Group website. In the event that any provision, term or guideline contained on a particular website or web page in the Mortgage Investors Group website conflicts with the Terms of Use, the terms of such website or web page shall control over the Terms of Use, except with respect to the General Terms set forth below, which shall at all times control.
General Use of Mortgage Investors Group
Unless specified otherwise, Mortgage Investors Group offers you access to the Mortgage Investors Group website solely for your personal and non-commercial uses. You agree to access or use the Mortgage Investors Group website only for legal purposes that are permitted by the Terms of Use. Except with the express written permission of Mortgage Investors Group, you agree not to:
Modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, frame in another web page, use on any other website, transfer or sell any information, software, lists of users, databases or other lists, products or services provided through or obtained from the Mortgage Investors Group website, including without limitation, engaging in the practices of "screen scraping," "database scraping," or any other activity with the purpose of obtaining lists of users or other information;
Damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Mortgage Investors Group website or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Mortgage Investors Group website;
Obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not made readily accessible by Mortgage Investors Group through the Mortgage Investors Group website;
Access or attempt to access password-protected, secure or non-public areas of the Mortgage Investors Group website;
Create links from any website or web page to any page within the Mortgage Investors Group website; provided, however, upon prior written notice to Mortgage Investors Group, you may create a link directly to any of the Mortgage Investors Group website homepages. The origin of any link to any Mortgage Investors Group website homepage must be accompanied by a clear and prominent attribution indicating that the link is connected to the Mortgage Investors Group website homepage. By creating a link to the Mortgage Investors Group website, you agree that (a) you will not employ any technology that results in the placement of content from the Mortgage Investors Group website in a frame and/or a reduced pop-up window and/or any other display mechanism which changes appearance of the Mortgage Investors Group website from how it would appear if a user typed the URL in a typical browser line, (b) your site shall not display content or link to other websites that contain content that is illegal, obscene, indecent, disparaging, discriminating or otherwise offensive, (c) you have duly registered your domain name and possess all rights necessary to use the same, and (d) you shall not, in any manner, access, collect, store, disclose, transfer or use any information obtained or derived from a user’s access to or use of the Mortgage Investors Group website. Mortgage Investors Group reserves the right to revoke your permission to create such link at any time in its sole discretion, and you agree to immediately cease using the link at any time that Mortgage Investors Group so requests.
You agree that Mortgage Investors Group may, in its sole discretion and at any time, terminate your access to and use of the Mortgage Investors Group website, or any part thereof, with or without notice. You further agree that use of the Mortgage Investors Group website and any of its Services shall be immediately terminated if you violate these Terms of Use. In addition, Mortgage Investors Group reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify or discontinue the Services or any portion thereof, with or without notice, and without liability to you.
The Services provided through the Mortgage Investors Group website may also be located on third-party websites or applications, via a link, click-through advertising, or otherwise. Nothing contained in any of these Services is an offer or promise by Mortgage Investors Group to sell a specific product for a specific price, or that any advertiser will sell any product or service for any purpose or price or on any specific terms. In addition, Mortgage Investors Group does not make any representation or warranty with respect to such third-party Services and is not responsible for their accuracy, sufficiency, veracity, completeness, or timeliness. You are responsible for confirming the sufficiency and reliability of any third-party Services, and you hereby release Mortgage Investors Group from any and all claims, demands, liability and damages (actual or consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with your use of such Services. Further, please note that some of the interactive Services may be financial or mortgage tools that provide information and customized information based on user-inputted data. These tools are for the purpose of performing calculations and are not an offer to lend. Interest rates shown are for demonstration purposes only. Actual market interest rates may vary.
Please note that you may be subject to additional and/or different terms, conditions, and privacy policies when you use third-party Services, Content (as defined below), software or sites.
Content Contained in the Mortgage Investors Group Website
The Mortgage Investors Group website and all of its contents, including, but not limited to, all information, text, messages, images, photos, illustrations, designs, icons, video clips, sounds, files, trademarks, copyrighted material, trade dress, software, specifications, catalogs, literature, technical information, advertisements and other content or materials on the Mortgage Investors Group website (collectively, "Content") is owned by Mortgage Investors Group and/or third parties with all rights reserved, unless otherwise noted. Mortgage Investors Group grants you a limited license to access and use the Mortgage Investors Group website and Content solely for informational, personal and non-commercial purposes (including printing individual pages from the Mortgage Investors Group website, provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained thereon). You are strictly prohibited from downloading (other than page caching), modifying, or making any other use of the Mortgage Investors Group website or Content, except with express written consent of Mortgage Investors Group. You understand that all third-party Content posted on, transmitted through, or linked from the Mortgage Investors Group website is the sole responsibility of the third-party originator of such Content. Content is provided through the Mortgage Investors Group website AS IS, and you agree that the use of and reliance on any Content is at your own risk, and that under no circumstances shall be liable for any Content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content made available via the Services.
You acknowledge that Mortgage Investors Group does not screen or approve third-party Content, and that Mortgage Investors Group shall have the right (but not the obligation) in its sole discretion to refuse, modify, delete or move any Content that is available via the Mortgage Investors Group website for any reason.
Content You Provide
To the extent that you post, upload, input, submit, or otherwise transmit (collectively, "Transmit" or "Transmitting," as appropriate) Content on or through the Mortgage Investors Group website, you agree to provide true, accurate, and complete information and to refrain from impersonating or falsely representing your affiliation with any person or entity. You are entirely responsible for all Content that you provide or otherwise make available via the Mortgage Investors Group website. You also warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to such Content, including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to Transmit such Content, and to transfer your or others’ interests in such Content to Mortgage Investors Group, as provided below.
You promise that you will not use the Mortgage Investors Group website to:
Transmit any Content not related to appropriate subject matters; which is misleading to others, including consumers; that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable; that you do not have a right to post and transmit under any law or under contractual relationships; such that such posting, uploading, or transmission constitutes the infringement of any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party; and materials that contain software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment; or intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law, or any regulations having the force of law, including the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the Fair Housing Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act.
By transmitting Content to the Mortgage Investors Group website, you grant, represent, and warrant that you have the right to grant to Mortgage Investors Group an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, fully paid, worldwide license to use, copy, perform, display, and distribute the Content, and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, the Content, and to grant and authorize sublicenses (through multiple tiers) of the foregoing. Furthermore, by posting Content to any public area of the Mortgage Investors Group website, you grant Mortgage Investors Group all rights necessary to prohibit any subsequent aggregation, display, copying, duplication, reproduction, or exploitation of the Content on the Mortgage Investors Group website by any party for any purpose.
Mortgage Investors Group is committed to maintaining the privacy and security of any and all such information that you provide to Mortgage Investors Group through the Mortgage Investors Group website in accordance with its Privacy Policy. Please click here to review the Mortgage Investors Group Privacy Policy.
Applicable Law
These Terms of Use are governed by the laws of the U.S.A., without regard to conflicts of laws principles. You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts sitting in the USA in all disputes arising out of or relating to accessing or using of the Mortgage Investors Group website. Access or use of the Mortgage Investors Group website is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including without limitation this paragraph.
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Mortgage Investors Group as a result of the Terms of Use or accessing or using the Mortgage Investors Group website. Mortgage Investors Group’s performance under the Terms of Use is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in the Terms of Use is in derogation of Mortgage Investors Group’s right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your access or use of the Mortgage Investors Group website, or information provided to or gathered by Mortgage Investors Group with respect to such use.
Interpretation of the Terms of Use
If any part of the Terms of Use is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law, including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations contained herein, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision, and the remainder of the Terms of Use shall continue in effect. Unless otherwise specified herein (or in any other definitive written agreement between you and Mortgage Investors Group), the Terms of Use constitutes the entire agreement between you and Mortgage Investors Group with respect to the Mortgage Investors Group website and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between you and Mortgage Investors Group with respect to the Mortgage Investors Group website. A printed version of the Terms of Use and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to the Terms of Use to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
Disclaimer of Warranties
You expressly understand and agree that: your use of and reliance upon any and all of the Mortgage Investors Group website, Services and/or Content is at your sole risk and is made available on an “as is” and “as available” basis makes no express or implied representations, warranties, or guarantees with regard to the appropriateness, accuracy, sufficiency, correctness, veracity, value, completeness, or timeliness of the Mortgage Investors Group website, Services and/or Content. Mortgage Investors Group expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold Mortgage Investors Group, its third-party vendors, corporate affiliates, directors, officers, employees, and agents harmless from any and all claims and demands, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of any Content, submitted, posted, or otherwise provided by you to the Mortgage Investors Group website and/or Mortgage Investors Group and/or its third-party advertisers and any breach by you or your affiliates, employees, agents, and representatives of these Terms of Use.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall Mortgage Investors Group be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the Mortgage Investors Group website, with the delay or inability to access or use the Mortgage Investors Group website or related Services, the provision of or failure to provide Services, or for any content, software, products and services made available or obtained through the Mortgage Investors Group, or otherwise arising out of the use of the Mortgage Investors Group website, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, even if Mortgage Investors Group has been advised of the possibility of damages. Any Services or Content made available or obtained through the use of the Mortgage Investors Group website, and all other use of the Mortgage Investors Group website, is done at your own discretion and risk, and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results therefrom. If you are dissatisfied with any portion of the Mortgage Investors Group network, or with any of these terms of use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Mortgage Investors Group website.
Copyright
All materials on the Mortgage Investors Group website (as well as the organization and layout of the Mortgage Investors Group website) are owned and copyrighted or licensed by Mortgage Investors Group, its corporate affiliates or its third-party vendors. © Mortgage Investors Group 2012 all rights reserved. No reproduction, distribution, or transmission of the copyrighted materials on the Mortgage Investors Group website is permitted without the written permission of Mortgage Investors Group. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512, notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to Mortgage Investors Group’s Designated Agent set forth below. All inquiries must be filed in accordance with Title 17, United States Code, Section 512.
Contact Us Today
Apply Now
3 Ways to Contact Us
2 Ways to Contact Us
1-800-489-8910
Chat Online Now!
Get Started
Mortgage Investors Group, based in Tennessee, offers residential financing in a number of states in the southeast, See MIG Service Areas.
Terms and conditions to apply to home financing.
We want to share with you the loan terms vary based on several characteristics and your financial profile.
These include but are not limited to loan program, loan purpose,
occupancy, credit history, credit score, assets, and other criteria per loan type.
The repayment terms and interest rate may vary from time to time.
The terms represented here are based on certain assumptions outlined below and/or noted on the loan outline page.
Additional details concerning privacy, program disclosures, licensing specifics may be found at migonline.com Legal Information.
MIG Loan Officers will help gather the information needed for an individual assessment to provide home financing which matches the loan characteristics with your home financing needs based on your financial profile, when you are ready to begin a full loan application.
For estimates and general information before that step, the basis for which the mortgage financing information are as follows:
Rates are subject to change at any time.
Rate locks are available at current terms for 30 to 180 days based on program type, credit profile, property location, etc. which will affect the available rate and term.
Payments will vary based on program selection, current rates, property location, etc.
Not all programs are available in all states.
Some loan programs may not be available to first time home buyers.
Terms and conditions apply, which may include restrictions or limits per loan program.
Information is generally based on primary residence occupancy with no cash out when refinancing.
Unless otherwise stated, terms shown are estimates based in part on credit score of 700 or higher;
owner occupancy, escrow account is established for taxes and insurance(s); debt-to-income ratio no higher than 43.0%;
PMI applies to conventional loan programs over 80.0% LTV; VA,FHA & RD require insuring fees included in loan and/or payment; fixed rate, 30 year term.
An MIG Loan Officer is available to help with your financial details to determine which characteristics apply to your situation for a personalized look into which loan program best fits your home financing needs.
Please use the Find a Loan Officer link or reach out to Mortgage Investors Group at 800-489-8910.
Equal Housing Lender
1.2020
Home
Branches
Apply Now
Blog
About
Us
Contact
Service
Areas
Copyright © 2020 Mortgage Investors Group. All Rights Reserved.
Sitemap
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
LEGAL INFORMATION
NMLS #34391
Alabama License # MC 20305
Arkansas License # 36410
Florida License # MLD1770
Georgia License # 11460
Kentucky License # MC 21759
Missouri License # 10-1942
Mississippi License # 561/2010
North Carolina License # L-136019
South Carolina License # 34391
Tennessee License # 109111
See the NMLS consumer access page
×
Mortgage Investors Group
If you're working with a loan officer, please click "yes" and select your loan
officer.
Yes
No
×
Mortgage Investors Group
If you're working with a loan officer, please click "Yes" and select your loan
officer.
Yes
No
×
Mortgage Investors Group
Let's get started...
First Name:
Last Name:
Email:
Phone:
Next
Please fill out all the fields
Submitting data...