https://migonline.com/legal-information
Legal Information
Home
Legal Information
Privacy & SSN Policies
Click here to learn more about the Mortgage Investors Group privacy policies and procedures upheld when visiting our website.
Disclosures
Click here to learn more about Mortgage Investors Group, an Equal Housing Lender and Mortgage Bankers Association member.
Licensing
Click here to obtain Mortgage Investors Group licensing information.
Annual Fair Lending Notification
Click here to obtain Mortgage Investors Group Annual Fair Lending Notification.
USA Patriot Act Notice
Click here for important information about procedures for opening a new account or applying for a loan.
Home Mortgage Disclosure Act
Recent filings in accordance with HMDA are available at Mortgage Investors Group, 8320 East Walker Springs Lane Knoxville, TN, 37923.
Contact Customer Service at customerservice-compliance@migonline.com
Contact Us Today
Apply Now
3 Ways to Contact Us
2 Ways to Contact Us
1-800-489-8910
Chat Online Now!
Get Started
Mortgage Investors Group, based in Tennessee, offers residential financing in a number of states in the southeast, See MIG Service Areas.
Terms and conditions to apply to home financing.
We want to share with you the loan terms vary based on several characteristics and your financial profile.
These include but are not limited to loan program, loan purpose,
occupancy, credit history, credit score, assets, and other criteria per loan type.
The repayment terms and interest rate may vary from time to time.
The terms represented here are based on certain assumptions outlined below and/or noted on the loan outline page.
Additional details concerning privacy, program disclosures, licensing specifics may be found at migonline.com Legal Information.
MIG Loan Officers will help gather the information needed for an individual assessment to provide home financing which matches the loan characteristics with your home financing needs based on your financial profile, when you are ready to begin a full loan application.
For estimates and general information before that step, the basis for which the mortgage financing information are as follows:
Rates are subject to change at any time.
Rate locks are available at current terms for 30 to 180 days based on program type, credit profile, property location, etc. which will affect the available rate and term.
Payments will vary based on program selection, current rates, property location, etc.
Not all programs are available in all states.
Some loan programs may not be available to first time home buyers.
Terms and conditions apply, which may include restrictions or limits per loan program.
Information is generally based on primary residence occupancy with no cash out when refinancing.
Unless otherwise stated, terms shown are estimates based in part on credit score of 700 or higher;
owner occupancy, escrow account is established for taxes and insurance(s); debt-to-income ratio no higher than 43.0%;
PMI applies to conventional loan programs over 80.0% LTV; VA,FHA & RD require insuring fees included in loan and/or payment; fixed rate, 30 year term.
An MIG Loan Officer is available to help with your financial details to determine which characteristics apply to your situation for a personalized look into which loan program best fits your home financing needs.
Please use the Find a Loan Officer link or reach out to Mortgage Investors Group at 800-489-8910.
Equal Housing Lender
1.2020
Home
Branches
Apply Now
Blog
About
Us
Contact
Service
Areas
Copyright © 2020 Mortgage Investors Group. All Rights Reserved.
Sitemap
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
LEGAL INFORMATION
NMLS #34391
Alabama License # MC 20305
Arkansas License # 36410
Florida License # MLD1770
Georgia License # 11460
Kentucky License # MC 21759
Missouri License # 10-1942
Mississippi License # 561/2010
North Carolina License # L-136019
South Carolina License # 34391
Tennessee License # 109111
See the NMLS consumer access page
×
Mortgage Investors Group
If you're working with a loan officer, please click "yes" and select your loan
officer.
Yes
No
×
Mortgage Investors Group
If you're working with a loan officer, please click "Yes" and select your loan
officer.
Yes
No
×
Mortgage Investors Group
Let's get started...
First Name:
Last Name:
Email:
Phone:
Next
Please fill out all the fields
Submitting data...