http://miljoco.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
We at Miljoco Corporation know that our customers and all visitors to our Web pages have valid expectations about privacy. Our Privacy Policy is designed to generally inform you how any personal or business information we collect will be used, and how your privacy is protected.
We do not collect personal or business information from visitors to our Web pages unless it is offered voluntarily. There are times when we may request personal data from you, but you have the option to decline that request. If you opt not to volunteer any personal or business information, you can still visit most of the Miljoco Corporation Web site, but you may be unable to visit specific areas of the site. Additionally, you may be unable to receive all the all of the sales, marketing and instructional information that we have available, in either electronic or printed format.
The only data we collect and store during normal website usage is typical web server log data. Examples of this type of data are: the name of your Internet service provider, the site that referred you to us, any pages you request, and the time and date of those requests, etc. Website users may elect to send Miljoco Corporation e-mail which contains personally identifying information. We will use and maintain this information for the purpose identified in the e-mail message and to enhance our understanding of you in order to improve our services to you.
We will use any personal or business information you supply to us for our own business purposes only. We will not provide, rent or sell to other businesses or organizations, any marketing “lists” compiled from any personal or business information you provide to us via our Web pages. If you have any questions or comments regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.
A revised privacy statement will only apply to data collected subsequent to its effective date on this version of the web site. Any revisions will be posted at least 7 days prior to its effective date. New versions of this web site may have a new privacy statement effective with its launch.