http://milspeed.com/privacy/
This website uses cookies to store information on your computer.
To find out more please read our privacy policyAccept
Privacy policy
Milspeed Limited (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting www.milspeed.com you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is Milspeed Limited, Willow Court, Bourton on the Water, Gloucestershire, GL54 2HQ.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us. You may give us information about you by filling in forms on our site www.milspeed.com (our site) or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise.The information you give us may include your name, e-mail address and phone number.
Information we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to our site we may automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
Information we receive from other sources. We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. [In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data that it may be shared internally and combined with data collected on this site.] We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them.
COOKIES
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. [By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.]
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us. We will use this information:
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
to notify you about changes to our service;
to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Information we collect about you. We will use this information:
to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Information we receive from other sources.
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries,  as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
We may share your information with selected third parties including:
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with [them or] you.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Milspeed Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Milspeed Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.]
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at Milspeed Limited, Willow Court, Bourton on the Water, Gloucestershire, GL54 2HQ.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
CONTACT
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to Milspeed Limited, Willow Court, Bourton on the Water, Gloucestershire, GL54 2HQ.