http://miningstocks.com/privacy/
JAY’S BIO CONTACT LOGIN
Gold, Energy & Tech
Stocks
HOME
REPORTS
SUBSCRIBE
SIGN IN
MODEL PORTFOLIO
CHEN
MEDIA
WHY GOLD?
JAY TAYLOR
The Value
Investor
Jay is a former banker and value investor whose picks have greatly outperformed
the S&P 500 since 2000.
Read J. Taylor's Bio
Follow Jay on Sites Above.
Subscribe
To
Free
Email
News & Reports
Email:
For Email Marketing you can trust
Jay Taylor's Blog
LINKS
GENERAL INFO
Biography
Bullion, Coins & Stocks
Jay's Media Site
Jay's Radio Homepage
Model Portfolio
Radio & TV
Speaking Schedule
Testimonials
Track Record
Why Gold?
SUBSCRIBERS
Login
SIGN UP
Subscription
Research Report
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
GATA
Visit
The Gold Anti-Trust Action Committee
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy
At Taylor Hard Money Advisors, Inc., (Publisher) of J Taylor's Gold & Technology Stocks, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders and from time to time to update our web site to provide a more efficient and enjoyable experience.
Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.
What information do we collect and how do we use it?
Do you share information with any other persons or entities?
How can I be sure my credit card information will not be stolen or used by others?
What is your policy if I like to a third party web site?
Your consent
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND HOW DO WE USE IT?
When you order, we need to know your name, mailing address, credit card number, and credit card expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order. Also, we always ask you for your email address. However, your email address is not required unless of course you choose to receive our newsletter via email delivery as most subscribers do.
We may use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to the web site, or new services if any provided by the Publisher and potentially to advise subscribers of private placement investment opportunities for accredited investors as so defined by securities regulations.
DO YOU SHARE INFORMATION WITH ANY OTHER PERSONS OR ENTITIES?
On occasion, we do rent our postal mailing list of current and past subscribers through Infomat Incorporated, an established and highly respected direct mail list broker. If you wish to have your name excluded from this list, please advise us by sending an email message to questions4taylor@gmail.com
HOW CAN I BE SURE MY CREDIT CARD INFORMATION WILL NOT BE STOLEN OR USED BY OTHERS?
Your credit card and billing information cannot be read as it travels to our ordering system because it is safeguarded by a third-party financial institution we employ to handle our credit card orders.
The information provided to this third party is safeguarded by the uses the latest encryption technology to keep your information safe. The third-party receives the credit card number and other personal identifying information only to verify the credit card numbers and process transactions.
Despite the sophisticated technology employed by the third party financial institution intended to safeguard consumers, some people never the less prefer to call our office directly to place their orders by credit card.
You are welcome to do that. Our number is (718) 457-7507.
Our office hours are 9:00 to 5:00 PM, New York time.
WHAT IS YOUR POLICY IF I LINK TO A THIRD-PARTY WEB SITE?
When you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to third-party web sites, you will be subject to the third parties' private policies. While we support the protection of privacy on the Internet, the Publisher cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement whenever interacting with any web site.
YOUR CONSENT
By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by the Publisher. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
This privacy policy was last modified on July 23,2003.
Maspeth, NY 11378-2915
© 2020 Taylor Hard Money Advisors Inc. All rights reserved.