https://minutemanups.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
ENG
ESP
0
View CartCheckout
No products in the cart.
Subtotal: $0.00
View CartCheckout
Search:
ProductsUninterruptible Power Supply Power Distribution & Management Surge Protectors
SupportTechnical Support Download Manuals Product Brochures & Media Resources Minuteman Software Download Center SizemyUPS.com ComparemyUPS.com
PROGRAMSPartner Deal Registration Demo Program TAA Program
FAQWarranty Find My UPS Solution When is it Time to Replace the Batteries in the UPS? Sine Wave vs Simulated Sine Wave – Which is Best?
How To Buy Batteries Contact AboutThe Minuteman Team Company History Powering Together Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICYPrivacy Policy
At Minuteman UPS, we respect your privacy and intend to keep your personal data private. Our privacy statement below discloses our practices for gathering and dissemination information obtained on the Minuteman Website.
Log Files
Minuteman will use your IP address in obtaining Web analysis, demographic information, browser and operating information and server performance to administer our Web site.
This website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the site. The tool uses “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ us of the webiste and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Para Systems, Inc.
We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any information which could be used to identify you or any visitors to our site (Personally Identifiable Information). We will not link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
Forms
Some of our site’s forms ask visitors to give us contact information (like email address), and demographic information (like city, state, zip code, and country).
The contact and related data may be used for marketing promotions by Minuteman/Para Systems Inc. and/or by an established partner
External links
This site contains links to other sites upon which Minuteman/Para Systems, Inc. exerts no control and can not be held responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Security
Minuteman protects all sensitive data through encryption 128 bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and monitors server activities to ensure personal information is not compromised.
Choice to Opt-Out
Our site provides an opportunity to opt-out of receiving any further contact or information by the user’s request. Please use one of the following procedures to Opt-Out. Thank you.
You can send email to mktg@minutemanups.com
You can send mail to the following postal address:
Minuteman UPS
1455 LeMay Drive
Carrollton, TX 75007
You can call the following telephone number: 800.238.7272 and contact the Marketing Department.
Contact Regarding this Website
Please use the following email link for any inquiries concerning this website and our practices: webmaster@minutemanups.com
B. Walters – Mt Pleasant, SCAPC provided virtually no customer service. I had a problem at installation of MN 525 which was immediately addressed by Minuteman.
M.R., Cooper City, FL“I not only will recommend Minuteman because of your service but I will never buy any other UPS. And I will convert all my customers to Minuteman. Thank you for being so service oriented.”
P. Mata – Miramar, FLYour technical assistance is among the best I have ever experienced. Jeff, the technician who assisted me with an installation issue was knowledgeable, fast, efficient, and friendly.
EXPLORE RESOURCES
Documents & Downloads
Size My UPS
Size My PDU
Support Portal
User Manuals
UPS Resource Center
Training
Support
Contact Us
Where To Buy
Replacement Batteries & Battery FAQ
Replacement Batteries
Warranty Information
International Distributors
EVENTSUPCOMING EVENTSSOCIAL MEDIA
Go to Top
Encompass LCD Series UPS
CLOSE