https://miracouture.com/privacy-policy/
NewsletterTwitter Facebook
Wishlist TwitterTHE EXPERIENCEHistoryOur TeamCommon QuestionsCOLLECTIONSBridal Gown GalleryEvening WearFinishing TouchesFancy Face MasksDesigner ProfilesCUSTOMEVENTSBLOGReal StoriesHappeningsCONTACT USTwitterHome / Privacy PolicyReturn to Previous PagePrivacy PolicyPrivacy Policy:Mira Couture ("Mira Couture")
operates MiraCouture.com and may operate other websites. It
is Mira Couture's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.Website VisitorsLike most website operators, Mira Couture collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Mira Couture's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Mira Couture's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Mira Couture may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.Mira Couture also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on MiraCouture.com
blogs/sites. Mira Couture only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain visitors to Mira Couture's websites choose to interact
with Mira Couture in ways that require Mira Couture to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Mira Couture gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at MiraCouture.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Mira Couture are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Mira Couture collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Mira Couture. Mira Couture does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.Aggregated StatisticsMira Couture may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Mira Couture may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Mira Couture does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying InformationMira Couture discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Mira Couture's behalf or to provide services available
at Mira Couture's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Mira Couture's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Mira Couture will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Mira Couture discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Mira Couture believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Mira Couture, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Mira Couture website and have supplied your email address, Mira Couture
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Mira Couture and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Mira Couture takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.CookiesA cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Mira Couture uses cookies to
help Mira Couture identify and track visitors, their usage of Mira Couture
website, and their website access preferences. Mira Couture visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Mira Couture's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Mira Couture's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.Business TransfersIf Mira Couture, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Mira Couture goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Mira Couture may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.AdsAds appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Mira Couture and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, Mira Couture may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Mira Couture's sole
discretion. Mira Couture encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a MiraCouture.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search engine Use this form to find things you need
Search
Don't show this popup again ×Login Username or email *
Password *
Lost Password? Create Account Call Now Button
THE EXPERIENCEHistoryOur TeamCommon Questions BackCOLLECTIONSBridal Gown GalleryEvening WearFinishing TouchesFancy Face MasksDesigner Profiles BackCUSTOMEVENTSREAL STORIESHAPPENINGSCONTACT US Wishlistadfsf
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Phone No. (required)
Type Of Dress / Occasion
Your Message
×
Your Name (required) Your Email (required) Your Phone Number (required) Type Of Dress / Occasion Your Message
×
Moving
× ×
Click here to learn more about the precautionary measures we're taking in order to keep our customers and staff safe during these times.Close