https://misset.com/privacy-en/
INTRODUCTIONThis is the privacy policy of Misset Uitgeverij B.V. hereinafter referred to as Misset Publishing.An overview of the Misset Publishing brands can be found at www.misset.com.This privacy policy applies to the processing of personal data of subscribers to our magazines and the processing of personal data of our customers and users of our (mobile) websites (including apps), web shops and other services and of Misset Publishing’s products. In this privacy policy we explain what information we collect, in which way and for what purposes we use it. In addition, we explain what rights you have and how you can exercise these rights.Misset Publishing respects the privacy of its subscribers and customers. Your personal data are carefully handled and secured. The manner in which we process personal data is in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).This privacy statement was last modified on 26 November 2018.A PDF of the privacy statement can be found at www.misset.com/privacy.
THE CONTROLLER AND CONTACT DETAILS‘The controller’ is the name given by the GDPR to the party responsible for the use of your personal data within the framework of the services provided by Misset Publishing. In this case the controller is always Misset Uitgeverij B.V., registered in Amsterdam and with offices at Hanzestraat 1, 7006 RH, Doetinchem, the Netherlands.You can always contact us with any questions you have about this privacy policy via privacy@misset.com or by contacting the Misset Uitgeverij B.V. Customer Service Department (Privacy) at Hanzestraat 1, 7006 RH, Doetinchem, the Netherlands.
PERSONAL DATA AND PROCESSING PURPOSESMisset Publishing obtains personal data in various ways and uses it for various purposes.
Taking out a subscription, purchasing a product or serviceIf you subscribe to one or more publications from Misset Publishing or (through one of our web shops) purchase products (such as publications) or services (such as training) from Misset Publishing, we process your contact details (including name, address, telephone number and email address) and transaction details (including bank and payment details). In addition, we process certain data about your use, such as the status of your subscription(s) and data you provide to us in the context of, for example, an event for which you register.We use this information to execute and deliver the agreed subscriptions, products and/or services. The legal basis for this is the execution of our agreement with you.We can use your data for analysis and optimisation purposes (on a non-personal level). The legal basis for this is Misset Publishing’s legitimate interest in improving and optimising our products and services.
A visit to a Misset Publishing websiteMisset Publishing offers various websites. When you visit (one of) our websites we collect various details about your visit and the device with which you have visited the website, such as your IP address, your surfing behaviour and your interests. We do this with cookies and similar techniques.We use this information to improve the use of our websites and to be able to make you targeted offers and to display content and advertisements that are tailored to your preferences and interests. Your data may be combined by us with data collected in the context of your purchase or your use of various of our products or services. If you have an account and are logged in we can also link the data to your account. On the basis of this information we draw up a profile so that we can serve you better and the contents of these products and services (including our websites and apps) can be even more tuned to your interests.The legal basis for the use of personal data obtained by placing cookies and similar techniques depends on the type of cookies. As far as functional cookies are concerned, the basis is the execution of our agreement with you. For analytical cookies and cookies with limited consequences for your privacy, the legal basis is the legitimate interest of Misset Publishing in improving and optimising our websites. We will only place other cookies, such as tracking cookies, with your prior consent. In the cookie statement to be found at www.misset.com/cookies you can read more about which cookies are placed for what purposes and by which parties.
Use of appsMisset Publishing offers various apps. The app offers a subscriber the opportunity, by means of his/her account, to gain access to certain (premium) content, for example you can receive special offers and discounts, and in the future you can place orders more easily. You can also easily manage your account within the app. If you log in through your account, we link information about your use of the app to your account.Cookies are also placed in the apps. In the cookie statement at www.misset.com/cookies you can read more about which cookies are placed for what purposes and by which parties. The legal basis for this is your consent (with the exception of functional cookies and cookies with limited consequences for your privacy).We can use the data collected within an app for analysis and optimisation purposes (on a non-personal level). The legal basis for this is Misset Publishing’s legitimate interest in improving and optimising our apps.
AccountOn some Misset Publishing websites it is possible to create an account. An account gives you access to certain (premium) content, you receive special offers and discounts, and in the future you can place orders more easily. When you create an account you enter certain (personal) data yourself. You can also set and alter certain interests.The basis upon which we are allowed to process your personal data in this respect is to execute the agreement with you, namely the creation and the execution of your account.If you give permission for this, we may link the information about your use of a Misset Publishing website which we collect through cookies and similar techniques to your account, so that we can analyse your use of the different services provided by Misset Publishing and to allow us to better tailor our services and communications to your wishes.We may use the data collected within an account for analysis and optimisation purposes (on a non-personal level). The legal basis for this is Misset Publishing’s legitimate interest in improving and optimising our products and services.
Communication from Misset PublishingYou can register in various ways to receive communications from Misset Publishing, for example by subscribing to one or more of our newsletters. The newsletter is tailored as much as possible to your preferences and interests when they are known to us and you have given permission for this. If you have an account, you can manage which topics you want to receive messages about.After purchasing one of our products and/or services, we can send you communications about similar Misset Publishing products or services unless you have indicated at the time of purchase that you do not wish to receive these. The legal basis for this is Misset Publishing’s legitimate interest in being able to develop marketing activities.You can always unsubscribe from Misset Publishing’s communications via the link at the bottom of each received message. You cannot unsubscribe from messages which are necessary for the processing of orders and other necessary service messages.
Link-trackingWe can see if you click on a link in one of our newsletters to take you to one of our websites and we can recognise you when you visit our websites by means of a tracking link. This allows us to monitor which actions you take having read the email, and to measure how efficient our newsletter is. We do this through cookies. The legal basis for this is your permission.
Push messagesWhen you download one of our apps, you will be asked if you want to receive push messages. You can always change your decision at a later stage via ‘settings’ on your mobile phone.
Participation in online promotions and competitionsThrough various channels we can offer you the opportunity to participate in online promotions and competitions. We can then use the information you provide us with to execute the online promotion or competition and to implement the agreement with you. In addition, we can use your data to send you (personalised) communications, if you have given us permission to do so. If necessary, you will be provided with more information about this during the promotion.We may use the data collected in the context of an promotion for analysis and optimisation purposes (on a non-personal level). The legal basis for this is Misset Publishing’s legitimate interest in improving and optimising our products and services.
CommunitiesOn certain Misset Publishing websites it is possible to post messages and contact other users. The information you enter is used to make your comments visible on the relevant website. The basis for this is the implementation of our agreement with you.
Social mediaMisset Publishing can be found on various social media, including Facebook, Instagram and YouTube. If you follow us on social media we may have access to a part of your profile data. We can use this information to measure and improve our reach on social media. The basis for this is Misset Publishing’s legitimate interest in improving its social media activities.Misset Publishing also makes use of the (marketing) services of third parties, such as Facebook Custom Audiences. In this way Misset Publishing can focus on a specific target group on social media. For this to work Misset Publishing can provide hashed email addresses to third parties, so that these parties can approach people for marketing campaigns. The legal basis for these processing operations is always your prior consent.
Market researchIf you participate in a market survey carried out by Misset Publishing the data you provide will be processed by us in order to improve our products and services. The legal basis for this processing is to execute our agreement with you.
Contact with customer servicesIf you contact our customer services you will provide us with certain contact details. We use this information to handle your query or request, to perform the agreement with you. We can save your question in order to be able to help you later on, and to improve our products and services. The legal basis for this is Misset Publishing’s legitimate interest in improving our services.
RETENTION PERIODSWe do not store your personal data for any longer than is necessary for the purpose for which you have provided the personal data, unless longer storage is necessary to comply with a statutory duty or to fulfill a legitimate interest of Misset Publishing.The legally defined retention periods are available on request by sending an email to privacy@misset.com
SHARE AND RELEASE OF PERSONAL DATAGroup companiesCompanies within the Misset Publishing group can gain access to your data based on Misset Publishing’s legitimate interest in efficient and effective operations. All companies within the Misset Publishing group will provide you with the same level of protection. Your data may be used by companies belonging to the Misset Publishing group for, among other things, the execution of the agreement(s) with you and for the development of (targeted) marketing activities in order to maintain a relationship with you.
ProcessorsFor the execution of our services we can use services from third parties, for example technical service providers and delivery services. These third parties act as processors for Misset Publishing. Misset Publishing ensures that these parties offer sufficient guarantees with regard to the application of technical and organisational measures. Misset Publishing has entered into a processor agreement with each of these parties which states, among other things, that they only process personal data on behalf of Misset Publishing.
PartnersMisset Publishing can collaborate with partners, for example in the context of providing services, a competition or a promotion. These partners can be involved in the execution of the agreement with you. You will be clearly informed of this before you provide information for these purposes or decide to take advantage of the services.
OtherFor the rest, Misset Publishing will only provide personal data to third parties with your explicit consent or if it is obliged to do so by virtue of laws and regulations, or if it is obliged to do so as a result of a lawsuit and/or it deems this to be necessary for protection of its own interests.
SECURITYWe do our utmost best to take appropriate technical and organisational security measures to prevent unauthorised access to, adaptation, disclosure or loss of, personal data. For example, we use a firewall and we have taken encryption measures to prevent unauthorised third parties gaining access to data. Subscriber data is stored at locations that are both physically and technically secure. Only a limited group of employees has access to the subscriber data on the basis of their job profiles, and these employees are subject to confidentiality obligations.
YOUR RIGHTSMany of our websites give you the opportunity to view, change or delete your own personal data. You also have the following rights:
View and correction. You can ask us which of your personal data Misset Publishing processes and for which purposes and/or request that it be modified or corrected.Removal. If you no longer agree to the processing of your personal data by Misset Publishing or if you believe that processing of your personal data by Misset Publishing is no longer necessary for the purpose for which you have provided it, you can ask us to erase the relevant personal data.Objection. You can at all times object to the use of personal data for direct marketing purposes and/or the (further) receipt of (certain) marketing information. We will then not send you (further) marketing information. An opt-out option is also included in the emails we send you, as well as in other marketing information. When we process your personal data on the basis of Misset Publishing’s legitimate interests you may object to this processing. We will cease processing unless there are justified grounds that outweigh your interests.Limitation of processing. You can ask us to limit the processing of your personal data if you have a valid reason for this, for example if you feel that we are processing your personal data unfairly or incorrectly, or if you have objected to the processing of personal data by Misset Publishing.Data transfer. You have the right to transfer or to allow you personal data to be transferred in a structured, available and machine readable form if the processing of personal data by Misset Publishing is based on your permission and is carried out via automated processes.Withdrawal of consent. When processing of your personal data is based on your (explicit) consent, you have the right to revoke this consent at any time, without this affecting the lawfulness of the processing on the basis of the consent before its withdrawal.Complaint. You have the right to file a complaint with the Dutch Data Protection Authority.To exercise the rights mentioned above, you can send an email to privacy@misset.com or send a letter to Misset Uitgeverij B.V., for the attention of Customer Services Department (Privacy), Hanzestraat 1, 7006 RH, Doetinchem, the Netherlands. Misset Publishing will respond as soon as possible, but in any case within four (4) weeks.
TRANSFER TO OUTSIDE THE EEAMisset Publishing may use the services of third parties to process your data in accordance with this privacy policy. These parties may be located outside the European Economic Area (EEA) or use servers located outside the EEA.Misset Publishing will only transfer your personal data to other countries in accordance with the applicable regulations for the transfer of personal data to countries outside the EEA if the European Commission has decided that the country involved guarantees an adequate level of protection or if it has passed an alternative decision regarding protection, such as the EU-US Privacy Shield, or if appropriate safeguards are in place such as the use of unmodified standard data protection provisions approved by the European Commission.
TRANSFER OF BUSINESSIn the future, one or more parts of Misset Publishing or some of its business activities may be transferred to a third party, or Misset Publishing may merge with a third party. In that case, your personal data may also be transferred to this third party. Misset Publishing will always inform you in advance in such a case.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICYWe may change this privacy and cookie policy from time to time. We therefore advise you to regularly check this page to see if changes have been made. If we make substantial changes we will arrange for a more striking notification, for example for certain services we will inform you via email.