https://missiontrust.com/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy
Mission Management & Trust Co. (“Mission”) operates https://www.missiontrust.com (the “Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection
Mission collects (i) personal data voluntarily supplied by you when you submit information via the Site and (ii) tracking information collected as you navigate the Site. In particular, Mission collects the following information from and about you:
Log Data: Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends when you visit the Site (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of the Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies: Cookies are files with small amounts of data including an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Like many sites, we use cookies to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of the Site.
Information You Provide: The Site contains submission forms that allow you to communicate information with Mission. For example, you may submit your name, address, phone number, and other details to enable us to contact you about our services.
Using Your Personal Information
We use the personal information we collect from and about you to:
Educate you about our services, products and events;
Measure and improve those services and features;
Provide you with client support and respond to inquiries;
Send marketing materials and communications related to Mission’s products, services, and events;
Comply with applicable laws or legal process and/or respond to requests from public and governmental authorities.
Sharing Your Personal Information
Mission may share your personal information for the purposes outlined above with the following categories of recipients:
Data Analytics Platforms: We may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze Log Data.
Service Providers, to help us administer services, products, and events.
Mission does not sell personal information to third parties.
Security
Mission takes the security and privacy of your personal information seriously. Please be aware, however, that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Understand that any information that you transfer to us is done at your own risk.
Assignment
In the event that all or part of our assets are sold or acquired by another party, or in the event of a merger, you grant us the right to assign the personal information we have collected from you.
Links to Other Websites
The Site contains links to other websites. Mission is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies, and once you leave the Site, you should read the applicable Privacy Policy of the other service.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of June 1, 2019 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page. We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Site after we post Privacy Policy modification will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide by and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us or by placing a prominent notice on the Site.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about Mission’s Web Privacy Policy or wish to submit a request for disclosure, please contact us at info@missiontrust.com or (520) 577-5559.
ABOUT OUR COMPANY Mission is a business that is all about people.  We want to meet with you, get to know you, and be there when you need us—as our quarter-century history shows.  We also want you to get to know us, one of the most stable and experienced trust teams in Arizona. Learn More
Latest News & Insights
The 5 Most Important Retirement Income Decisions
“Bailing Out the Present and Making the Future Pay for It”
True Crime Tucson – The Gift Card Scam
Conflicts of Interest: Unthinkable for Trustees
CONTACT INFORMATION
info@missiontrust.com
520.577.5559
Mission Management & Trust Co., 3567 East Sunrise Drive, Suite 235, Tucson, Arizona 85718
CONNECT WITH US
© 2020 Mission Management & Trust Co. All rights reserved.Privacy Policy, Sitemap, Legal Privacy, Disclaimer. Website by Caliber Group
image
https://missiontrust.com/wp-content/themes/rayko/
https://missiontrust.com/
#c1c1c1
style1
paged
No more posts to load.
Load More Posts
Loading posts...
212121
/home/missio63/public_html/
#
off
none
/%postname%/
#
Sort Gallery
on
off
off
Enter your email here
on
off