https://miswa.com/privacy-policy
Home pagePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Company Privacy Policy
Miswa Chemicals Limited understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits this website, www.miswa.com. Our Site only collects your personal data as described in this Privacy Policy. Any personal data we collect will only be used as permitted by law and in compliance with the GDPR.
This privacy policy will explain how our organisation uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website.
What Does This Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of Our Site. Our Site may contain links to other websites. Please note that we have no control over how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites and we strongly advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
Topics:
Information About Us
What is Personal Data?
What Personal Data Do We Collect and How?
How Will We Use Your Data?
How and Where Do We Store Your Data?
Do We Share Your Personal Data?
Marketing
What Are Your Data Protection Rights?
What Are Cookies?
How Do We Use Cookies?
What Types Of Cookies Do We Use?
How To Manage Your Cookies
Privacy Policies Of Other Websites
How Can I Access My Personal Data?
How Do I Contact You?
How To Contact The Appropriate Authorities
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
Information About Us
Our Site is owned and operated by Miswa Chemicals Limited registered in England under company number 01579877.
Registered address: Miswa Chemical, 54 Caswell Road, Brackmills Industrial Estate, Northampton, NN4 7PW.
Email address: admin@miswa.com
Telephone number: 01604 701111
What Is Personal Data?
Personal data is defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679) (the “GDPR”) and the Data Protection Act 2018 (collectively, “the Data Protection Legislation”) as ‘any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier’.
Personal data is, in simpler terms, any information about you that enables you to be identified. Personal data covers obvious information such as your name and contact details, but it also covers less obvious information such as identification numbers, electronic location data, and other online identifiers.
What Personal Data Do We Collect and How?
Our Site collects certain information automatically, including your IP address, the type of browser you are using, and certain other non-personal data about your computer or device such as your operating system type or version, and display resolution.
If you send us an email, we may collect your name, your email address, and any other information which you choose to give us. For the purposes of the Data Protection Legislation, please see Section 15 for the data controller responsible for such personal data.
We also collect and process your data when you:
Register online or place an order for any of our products or services.
Voluntarily complete a customer survey or provide feedback on any of our message boards or via email.
Our Company may also receive your data indirectly from the following sources:
Other companies who have requested we deliver their products and or services on their behalf to fulfil orders you may have placed with them.
Other companies you have given your express permission to.
The lawful basis under the Data Protection Legislation that allows us to use such information is article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR which allows us to process personal data when it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests, in this case, the proper operation and functionality of Our Site. If you contact us as described above, you will be required to consent to our use of your personal data to contact you. In this case, our lawful basis for using your personal data will be article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR, which allows us to use your personal data with your consent for a particular purpose or purposes.
How will we use your data?
Where we collect any personal data, it will be processed and stored securely, for no longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. We will comply with our obligations and safeguard your rights under the Data Protection Legislation at all times. For more details on security see Section 5.
As stated above, we do not generally collect any personal data directly from you, but if you contact us and we obtain your personal details from your email, we may use them to respond to your email. The other technical data referred to above is necessary for the technical operation of Our Site.
Any and all emails containing your personal data will be retained for as long as is necessary to facilitate all and any lawful requirements, legal proceedings or complying with legal obligations, a court order, or the instructions of a government authority.
Our Company also collect your data so that we can:
Process your order either directly or through a company you have ordered from who have requested our services to facilitate delivery of your order and manage your account.
Email you with special offers on other products and services we think you might like.
If you agree, Our Company will share your data with our partner companies so that they may offer you their products and services.
When Our Company processes your order, it may send your data to, and also use the resulting information from, credit reference agencies to prevent fraudulent purchases.
How & Where Do We Store Your Data?
We will only store your personal data within the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). The EEA consists of all EU member states, plus Norway, Iceland, and Liechtenstein. This means that your personal data will be fully protected under the Data Protection Legislation, the GDPR, and/or to equivalent standards by law.
Personal data security is essential to us and to protect personal data, we take the following measures:
limiting access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties with a legitimate need to know and ensuring that they are subject to duties of confidentiality;
procedures for dealing with data breaches (the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, your personal data) including notifying you and/or the Information Commissioner’s Office where we are legally required to do so;
Do You Share Your Personal Data?
We will not share any of your personal data with any third parties for any purposes, subject to the following exceptions.
We may contract with third party for hosting and data storage purposes.
If any of your personal data is transferred to a third party, as described above, we will take steps to ensure that your personal data is handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, our obligations, and the third party’s obligations under the law.
If any personal data is transferred outside of the EEA, we will take suitable steps in order to ensure that your personal data is treated just as safely and securely as it would be within the UK and under the Data Protection Legislation, as explained below in Part 7.
If we sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or assets, your personal data may be transferred to a third party. Any new owner of our business may continue to use your personal data in the same way(s) that we have used it, as specified in this Privacy Policy (i.e. to communicate with you).
In some limited circumstances, we may be legally required to share certain personal data, which might include yours, if we are involved in legal proceedings or complying with legal obligations, a court order, or the instructions of a government authority.
Marketing
Our Company would like to send you information about products and services of ours that we think you might like, as well as those of our brands.
If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at a later date.
You have the right at any time to stop Our Company from contacting you for marketing purposes.
If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please email us.
What Are Your Data Protection Rights?
Under the Data Protection Legislation, you have the following rights, which we will always work to uphold:a. The right to be informed about our collection and use of your personal data. This Privacy Policy should tell you everything you need to know, but you can always contact us to find out more or to ask any questions using the details in Section 15.b. The right to access the personal data we hold about you. Section 15 will tell you how to do this.c. The right to have your personal data rectified if any of your personal data held by us is inaccurate or incomplete. Please contact us using the details in Section 15 to find out more.d. The right to be forgotten, i.e. the right to ask us to delete or otherwise dispose of any of your personal data that we hold. Please contact us using the details in Section 15 to find out more.e. The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data.f. The right to object to us using your personal data for a particular purpose or purposes.g. The right to withdraw consent. This means that, if we are relying on your consent as the legal basis for using your personal data, you are free to withdraw that consent at any time.h. The right to data portability. This means that, if you have provided personal data to us directly, we are using it with your consent or for the performance of a contract, and that data is processed using automated means, you can ask us for a copy of that personal data to re-use with another service or business in many cases.i. Rights relating to automated decision-making and profiling. We do not use your personal data in this way.For more information about our use of your personal data or exercising your rights as outlined above, please contact us using the details provided in Section 15.It is important that your personal data is kept accurate and up-to-date. If any of the personal data we hold about you changes, please keep us informed as long as we have that data.Further information about your rights can also be obtained from the Information Commissioner’s Office or your local Citizens Advice Bureau.If you have any cause for complaint about our use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office. We would welcome the opportunity to resolve your concerns ourselves, however, so please contact us first, using the details in Section 15.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behaviour information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology
For further information, visit allaboutcookies.org.
How Do We Use Cookies?
Our Company uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including:
Keeping you signed in
Understanding how you use our website
What Types Of Cookies Do We Use?
There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses:
Functionality – Our Company uses these cookies so that we recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences. These could include what language you prefer and location you are in. A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are used.
Advertising – Our Company uses these cookies to collect information about your visit to our website, the content you viewed, the links you followed and information about your browser, device, and your IP address. Our Company sometimes shares some limited aspects of this data with third parties for advertising purposes. We may also share online data collected through cookies with our advertising partners. This means that when you visit another website, you may be shown advertising based on your browsing patterns on our website.
How To Manage Your Cookies
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Privacy Policies Of Other Websites
Our Company website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
How Can I Access My Personal Data?
If you want to know what personal data we have about you, you can ask us for details of that personal data and for a copy of it (where any such personal data is held). This is known as a “subject access request”.
All subject access requests should be made in writing and sent to the email or postal addresses shown in Section 15.
There is not normally any charge for a subject access request. If your request is ‘manifestly unfounded or excessive’ (for example, if you make repetitive requests) a fee may be charged to cover our administrative costs in responding.
We will respond to your subject access request within one month of receiving it. Normally, we aim to provide a complete response, including a copy of your personal data within that time. In some cases, however, particularly if your request is more complex, more time may be required up to a maximum of three months from the date we receive your request. You will be kept fully informed of our progress.
How Do I Contact You?
To contact us about anything to do with your personal data and data protection, including to make a subject access request, please use the following details:
Email address: admin@miswa.com.
Telephone number: 01604 701111.
Or write to us at: Miswa Chemicals, 54 Caswell Road, Brackmills, Northampton, NN4 7PW.
How To Contact The Appropriate Authority
Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that Our Company has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office or telephone 0303 123 1113
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. This may be necessary, for example, if the law changes, or if we change our business in a way that affects personal data protection.
Any changes will be immediately posted on Our Site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of Our Site following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 15th June 2020.
About us
Guiding principles
Company history
Career
News
Corporate and Social Responsibility
Health and safety
Privacy Policy
FAQs
Manufacturing
Manufacturing and Filling
Laboratory
Quality
Our brands
Contact us