https://mitchcap.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Ride Digital
2020-05-29T15:26:36-05:00 Mitchell Capital Management (MCM), like all registered investment advisors, is required to inform our clients regarding our policies on protecting the privacy of client information. Regulation S-P released by the Securities and Exchange Commission requires all registered investment advisors to adopt privacy policies governing their collection and use of nonpublic personal information about clients.MCM receives nonpublic personal information from each client or a third party authorized by each client. We do not sell or share client information with unrelated third parties. For current and former clients, MCM does not disclose any nonpublic personal information except as required or permitted by law. Permitted disclosures include providing information to third parties that assist in processing client transactions or servicing accounts. Required disclosures would result from cooperation with regulatory or law enforcement authorities.For MCM clients accessing account information via our website, various forms of Internet security protocols, usernames and passwords are used to safeguard information. MCM recommends that each client using the web site should not share their username or password with anyone.If, at any time in the future, it is necessary to disclose any nonpublic personal information in a way that is inconsistent with this policy, we will give clients advance notice with the opportunity to opt out of such a disclosure.MCM uses cookies and data-collection pixels to gather anonymous information about our users and their interactions with our website. This data is used on an aggregate level to analyze our website’s effectiveness and help us improve our services. Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information such as your name, address or any financial information on your computer. As a valued client, MCM is committed to providing you with investment advisory service. We are also committed to maintaining the confidentiality of our client’s information. It is at the core of our professional relationship. If you have any questions regarding this policy, please contact one of our associates at (913) 428-3222. This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience while on our website. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) requirementsBachelor’s degree from an accredited college/university or equivalent education/work experienceSuccessful completion of all 3 levels of the CFA ExamForty-eight months of acceptable professional work experience (usually in the investment decision making process)Join the CFA Institute and sign the Professional Conduct StatementCertified Financial Planner (CFP®) requirementBachelor’s degree (or higher), or its equivalent in any discipline, from an accredited college or university complete the course work for, and pass, the CFP Certification Examination6,000 hours of experience through the Standard Pathway, or 4,000 hours of experience though the Apprenticeship pathway that meets additional requirementsAdhere to the high standards of ethics and practice outlined in CFP Board’s Standards of Professional ConductComplete 30 hours of continuing education (CE) accepted by CFP Board every two years
×
Sign Up For Our eNewsletterAdd your email address to receive our latest views on investment management and financial planning topics that can affect you and your finances. EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
×
Get Your Complimentary Financial Planning Report Name*
First
Last Email*
I would like to receive your quarterly eNewsletter.
×