http://modelattic.com/terms-of-use
Image 01
Image 02
Image 03
Image 04
Image 05
Image 06
MainJoinMembersPhotoVideoGroupsForumQuestions
Modelattic
Please sign in
Remember me
Forgot Password
Welcome to our community!
Before proceeding you need to register your profile and become our member.
Join
Sign In
Sign up
Main
Join
Members
Photo
Video
Groups
Forum
Questions
Terms of use
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern our relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term 'website' or 'us' or 'we' refers to the owner of the website. The term 'user' refers to the website visitor.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
CONTENT. The content of the pages of this website is for user’s general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
PHOTOGRAPHS and VIDEO'S.
When using this website you shall not post or send to or from this Website any material:
(a) for which you have not obtained all necessary consents;
(b) that is discriminatory, obscene, defamatory, liable to incite racial hatred, in breach of confidentiality or privacy, which may cause annoyance or inconvenience to others, which encourages or constitutes conduct that would be deemed a criminal offence, give rise to a civil liability, or otherwise is contrary to the law in the United Kingdom;
(c) which is harmful in nature including, and without limitation, computer viruses, Trojan horses, corrupted data, or other potentially harmful software or data.
We will fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requiring us to disclose the identity or other details of any person posting material to this website in breach of the above.
4.4 If we believe your conduct on the site isn't appropriate, we reserve the right to remove your account without prior-notice or prejudice.
User acknowledges that neither we nor any third parties provide any warranties while the user is using this website for any particular purpose. We expressly exclude liability for any possible harm to the fullest extent permitted by law.
User’s use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at their own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be user’s own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet user’s specific requirements.
This website contains material that may be owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than upon receiving explicit permission.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
This website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for user’s convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse said website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
User agrees not to submit illegal content to this website, and agree to warn website owners after seeing other users doing it.
Terms of use | 	Privacy Policy | 	Mobile version | 	Contact Us
© Copyright Modelattic