https://modig.se/privacy-and-cookie-policy/
Contact us
News /
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Last updated: May, 2020
At Modig Machine Tool, we respect your concerns about privacy and value the relationship that we have with you. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the data protection regulations.
If you register for a newsletter, webinar, or, contact us using any contact forms, the information entered will be collected by us for the purposes of processing the request and in case of follow-up questions. The information will be stored securely and will not be distributed to any third-party without your consent.
Cookies Policy
Like many companies we use cookies on our website, www.modig.se. The cookies we use allow our website to work and help us understand what information and advertising is most useful to visitors. By using the website, you consent to the use of cookies.
Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third-parties we may partner with may use cookies on the website, your choices regarding cookies and further information about cookies.
What are cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the website or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the website more useful to you.
Cookies can be ”persistent” or ”session” cookies.  Session cookies are temporary cookies that remain on your device until you leave our website. Persistent cookies remain on your device for much longer or until you manually delete them. How long the cookie remains on your device will depend on the duration or “lifetime” of the specific cookie, as well as your browser settings.
How Modig Machine Tool uses cookies
Cookies are necessary for the website to function and help us get an overview of your visit to the website so that we can continually optimize and adjust the website to your requirements and interests. We use cookies to provide analytics and target our advertising to you, including behavioral advertising. On a very general level, cookies are used as a part of our service in order to show content that is as relevant as possible for you.
When you use and access the website, we may place several cookies files in your web browser. We use both session and persistent cookies. These are the types of cookies we use to run the website: (1) Essential cookies are necessary for the website to function and for maintain security. (2) Statistic cookies help us understand how visitors interact with the website by collecting and reporting information anonymously. (3) Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across the website. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user.
Third-party cookies
In addition to our own cookies, we use various third-parties cookies to report usage statistics of the website, deliver advertisements on and through the website, and so on. This allows us to gain a better understanding of how you use our website and how you get into it, which in turn helps us create better campaigns.
Google Analytics: This website uses features provided by the analysis service Google Analytics (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies and allow us to analyze how you are using our website. The information generated by cookies about your use of the website is generally sent to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Internet Protocol addresses are anonymized before being processed. For more information on how Google Analytics processes user data, please refer to Google’s privacy policy: https://support.google.com/analytics/topic/2919631?hl=en&ref_topic=1008008
Leadfeeder: This website uses features provided from the analysis service Leadfeeder. Leadfeeder uses a visitor cookie to collect behavioral data of how you are using the website, including paged viewed, visitor source and time spent on the site. The visitor Internet Protocol address is collected only to detect the company and geographic location. Leadfeeder does not use third-party cookies.
HubSpot: This website uses features provided from the software company HubSpot. HubSpot is an integrated software solution for email marketing, social media publishing, contact management, landing pages and contact forms. Our registration service (newsletter, webinar, contact us form etc.) enables visitors to our website to find out more about our company, to download contents and to provide their contact information, together with further demographic information. This information are stored on the servers of our software partner HubSpot. We can use it to make contact with visitors to our website and to determine which of our company’s services are interesting for them. More information on HubSpot’s data privacy provisions. More information from HubSpot regarding to EU data protection provisions.
More information on the cookies used by HubSpot can be found here & here.
What are your choices regarding cookies
If you would like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser. Cookies can be disabled in the settings menu of most browsers.
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
Where can you find more information about cookies
You can learn more about cookies and the following third-party websites:
AllAboutCookies: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Network Advertising Initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/
If you have any questions or like to unsubscribe submitted communications, please contact us at modig@modig.se – Newsletter unsubscribe