https://moneytalks.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
CANADA’S BEST MONEY MAKING IDEAS
Want to receive exclusive free content from Michael Campbell?
Subscribe to Mike’s twice weekly email service and get Mike’s editorials, feature interviews, investment ideas, Trades of the Week and much more. All for FREE!
No Thanks
Home
Article & Commentary
Listen to MoneyTalks Live
Michael Campbell
Michael’s Daily Comment
Michael Campbell’s MoneyTalks – Complete Saturday Show
Mike’s Saturday Editorial
Goofy Award Winner
Quote of the Week
Shocking Stat
Mike’s Big Fat Idea
View all of Mike’s Content
Today’s Best Money Making ideas
Asset protection
Bonds & Interest Rates
Currency
Economic Outlook
Energy & Commodities
Gold & Precious Metals
Lifestyle
Personal Finance
Real Estate
Stocks & Equities
Timing & trends
Wealth Building Strategies
View all topics
Events
World Outlook Financial Conference Broadcast 2021
World Outlook Conference 2020
World Outlook Financial Updates
Services
Our Full Services
MoneyTalks Free E-Service
The Inside Edge Service
Store
Customer Support
About us
Michael Campbell
Tyler Bollhorn
Ryan Irvine
Greg Weldon
Josef Schachter
Patrick Ceresna
Martin Straith
Dane Eitel
PAUL BEATTIE
JAMES THORNE
VICTOR ADAIR
Members’ Area
Login
Select Page
Privacy Policy
While you input your credit card number, when purchasing a paid subscription, video or ticket, for safety purposes, we do not collect or store your credit card number on our web servers. Our transaction partner Moneris Solutions securely processes credit card information. Moneris Solutions is a joint investment between RBC Royal Bank and BMO Bank of Montreal (including Harris Bank) that was launched in December 2000. Moneris processes more than 3 billion credit and debit card transactions a year, for over 350,000 merchant locations across North America
1.Online Security
Moneris manages its server environment appropriately and its firewall infrastructure is strictly adhered to. Moneris’s security practices are reviewed on a regular basis and we routinely employ current technologies to ensure that the confidentiality and privacy of your information is not compromised. Moneris websites use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and 128 bit encryption technologies to enhance security when you visit the secured areas of these sites. SSL is the industry standard tool for protecting and maintaining the security of message transmissions over the Internet. When you access your accounts or send information from secured sites, encryption will scramble your data into an unreadable format to inhibit unauthorized access by others.
2. Cookies
Our Sites use cookies, which are small files placed on your computer’s hard drive by an Internet server when you visit a website. We use cookies to allow authentication for access to subscriber-only areas of our Sites and to assure that the content you view is appropriate to your subscription status. Cookies also allow you to leave our Sites and come back without having to re-enter your username every time (within a limited time period). If you do not want to accept cookies from our Sites, you may configure your web browser so that it does not accept cookies; however, certain functions available on the website may be lost.
3. Consent.
By providing your Personal Information through the Sites, you consent to our collection and use of your Personal Information and other information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
4. Our Use of Your Personal Information.
a. We will use your Personal Information to process your subscription or requests for information. We may also use such Personal Information to offer additional information to you about us, our products and/or services, personalize the types of information you receive from us, evaluate how our Sites are being used and the audience our Sites are reaching, identify market trends and market interests that help us improve the products and services that we offer, and develop and improve the content and operation of our Sites to better serve the needs of our customers.
(1) Online Orders. When you purchase a subscription from us, we will request certain Personal Information, including credit card information. Individuals who do not have a Visa or MasterCard credit card are not permitted to make purchases with us online.
(2) Sharing Information with Other Companies. We do not make it a practice to share your Personal Information with our affiliates or with third parties who provide services to us.
(3) Mailing and Email Addresses. We will use your mailing and email addresses to send you the publications and individual reports you have subscribed to. We may also contact you with questions about your subscription or service, or to remind you of your password, if necessary. If you submit an inquiry via email about one of your subscriptions, for security reasons we may ask you to provide additional information so we can verify your identity.
b. We may send you information and special offers on our other products. Though we hope you gain value from the email messages you receive, you can choose to opt out of receiving further messages by following the instructions provided at the bottom of each email.
You may, at any time, request to not have your mail and email information used for information and offers from us by contacting our customer service center at info@moneytalks.net
c. We also retain the right to release your Personal Information when required by law or when we, in good faith, believe that we must release the information in order to: (1) satisfy a legal order or comply with legal process; (2) defend our rights; or (3) protect the personal safety of our employees, agents, affiliates, business partners, customers, or site users. We also retain the right to transfer your Personal Information in the context of the sale of all or part of our business.
5. Security.
Although we take the security of your Personal Information very seriously and are constantly improving our efforts to protect it, no electronic communication over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secured. Though we take great care to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you submit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
While you input your credit card number, when purchasing a paid subscription, or special report, or other service and becoming a client, for safety purposes, we do not collect or store your credit card number on our web servers. Our transaction partner Moneris Solutions securely processes credit card information. Moneris Solutions is a joint investment between RBC Royal Bank and BMO Bank of Montreal (including Harris Bank) that was launched in December 2000. Moneris processes more than 3 billion credit and debit card transactions a year, for over 350,000 merchant locations across North America.
Online Security
Moneris manages its server environment appropriately and its firewall infrastructure is strictly adhered to. Moneris’s security practices are reviewed on a regular basis and we routinely employ current technologies to ensure that the confidentiality and privacy of your information is not compromised. Moneris websites use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and 128 bit encryption technologies to enhance security when you visit the secured areas of these sites. SSL is the industry standard tool for protecting and maintaining the security of message transmissions over the Internet. When you access your accounts or send information from secured sites, encryption will scramble your data into an unreadable format to inhibit unauthorized access by others.
6. Changes to Privacy Policy.
From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy. If we make revisions that change the way we collect or use your Personal Information, those changes will be posted in this Privacy Policy and the effective date will be noted at the bottom of the Privacy Policy. You should review it periodically so that you are up to date on our most current policies and practices. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by placing a notice on the Sites and by sending a notice to you via email to your last email address in our records.
Please note that you are responsible for updating your personal information with us, including any changes to your email address. In the event that the last email address you have provided us is not valid, or for any other reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our sending of the email containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice.
7. Contacting Us.
You may contact us regarding this Privacy Policy by contacting our customer service center at 604-926-6848 or through the “Contact Us” area of our website.
Today's Best Money Making ideas
Real EstateAsset protectionStocks & EquitiesLifestylePersonal FinanceEnergy & CommoditiesBondsCurrencyTimingGold & Precious MetalsWealth Building StrategiesEconomic OutlookView all topics
Mike's Content
Michael’s Daily CommentMichael Campbell’s MoneyTalks – Complete Saturday ShowMike’s Saturday EditorialGoofy Award WinnerQuote of the WeekShocking StatMike’s Big Fat IdeaView all of Mike's Content
The Inside Edge Service
I know Mike is a very solid investor and respect his opinions very much. So if he says pay attention to this or that - I will.
~ Dale G.
I've started managing my own investments so view Michael's site as a one-stop shop from which to get information and perspectives.
~ Dave E.
Michael offers easy reading, honest, common sense information that anyone can use in a practical manner.
~ der_al.
A sane voice in a scrambled investment world.
~ Ed R.
Inside Edge Pro Contributors
Greg Weldon
Josef Schachter
Tyler Bollhorn
Ryan Irvine
Paul Beattie
Martin Straith
Patrick Ceresna
Dane Eitel
James Thorne
Victor Adair
Learn More about Inside Edge
© 2020 All rights reserved Privacy Policy
adroll_adv_id = "RU3VTGU3DFFZ7MWZPXEGLG";
adroll_pix_id = "AI4QK2J7ANGPPPFRURQABH";
adroll_version = "2.0";
adroll_current_page = "other";
adroll_currency = "CAD";
adroll_language = "en_US";