https://moneyquestcorp.com/index.php/privacy-policy/
HOME
SERVICES
BLOG
CONTACT US
Privacy Policy
Privacy policyOur privacy policy is quite simple. In overview:All information you supply us, such as email address, telephone, or business information, will be used strictly in ways that you authorize – specifically, to provide you with information that you request and to refer payments to you. For example, you can ask us to send you a report or other information via email, you can ask us to contact you via telephone, or you can subscribe to various websites and other electronic feeds for email delivery.All communication is subject to “double opt-in” – in other words, we do not send any email to you until you have explicitly confirmed that you want to hear from us by opting into email marketing list. (It’s easy: you just click an email link.) Because you get to say “Yes, please tell me,” there is no way a third party can sign you up without your permission.You can always opt-out at any time. For your protection, all our email processing is managed under contract to Infusionsoft, a respected independent third- party service firm that specializes in technology for responsible Internet marketing. Their systems are compliant with CAN-SPAM rules and other protection measures and are operated to extremely high professional and ethical standards.In other words, we are good stewards of your data. We must be because our entire business is based on ensuring the privacy of client data. You do not have to worry about how we will use your information because we would be crazy to abuse it. Our client relationships are precious to us – we will never endanger our relationships by misusing confidential data.What information we collectOn this website, you can provide us with certain data items, which appear on forms such as your user profile. We safeguard all such information within a secure database, with limited access. You choose how much information to share with us.In general, there are no financial transactions generated, nor are there high-value data fields collected such as account numbers. This website is informational. Our production processing is done on a completely separate system, using different technology (and having a different security profile).In addition to the form fields that you may enter, our website software may store “cookies” and other personalized data elements while interacting with the web browser on your system. For example, you can choose to have this website “remember” you, to speed logging in based on your email address. Likewise, if you use a referral code, this might be used “under the covers” to avoid having to retype the same information. Such techniques are purely for technical convenience. There are no hidden tracking, advertising, marketing, or other mechanisms employed. In particular, we do not place adware, spyware, or other malware on our systems.How we use your informationWe use your information strictly to respond to your requests. Such responses may be by email, telephone, website display, subscription feeds, or other appropriate mechanisms.You always have control over what information we have about you, and how it is used. You can change your data or opt-out of contact from us at any time.
BROWSE OUR SITEHomeOur ServicesMeet Our TeamBlogPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceContact UsContact
7044 Veterans Memorial Blvd #73475 | Metairie, CA 70003. USA
(504) 889-0520
Sales@maxcollectrecovery.com Copyright 2020 | MoneyQuest Corp, A Debt Collection Agency Georgia, Louisiana, Connecticut, New York, California, New Jersey, San Diego, Massachusetts, Arizona, Michigan, Alabama, Texas, Chicago, Louisville, Kansas City, Orlando, Tennessee, Florida, Alaska, Illinois, and Los Angeles | All Rights Reserved | Site Designed by Your Marketing Coach