https://monro.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Welcome to Monro’s Privacy Policy
Monro respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data.
Introduction
Monro sells packaging, marketing materials and other goods and services which are aimed at business users – from start-ups, charity organisations, independent retailers to larger organisations.
This privacy policy tells you how Monro and its subsidiaries use your personal data when you visit our website, interact with us, and buy our goods and services.
This Policy also tells you what your rights are in relation to the personal data you give to us and how the law protects you. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or your rights under it please contact:
Monro Ltd, Interlink Way South, Interlink Park, Bardon, Coalville, Leicestershire LE67 1PG
Telephone number: 01530 278000 email: privacy@monro.co.uk
This address is our registered address and our company number is 1832559
It is important that you read this privacy policy so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. In different ways we obtain data from you; these are predominantly through direct interactions; you may give us your name, job title and contact details when you correspond with us by post, phone, email or through social media or text messages
When you request information or services from Monro we will need to know your name and business contact details. Monro may also collect information from you from emails or letters that you send to Monro Ltd. or when you engage with our social media platform.
The information that you provide enables Monro Ltd. to supply you with further information about Monro Ltd.’s company, products, and services. It also helps Monro Ltd. to contact you if you have requested further information or logged a business enquiry.
Monro Ltd. may on occasion, collect additional information from any offers that you may request through one of our websites website. Monro Ltd. may also use collected information and statistics for the purposes of monitoring website usage and its services and it may also provide
such information to third parties. You cannot be personally identified by this information. If you are visiting our offices and using a mobile device or laptop to connect to any of our Wifi, or with the Wifi capability switched on, we may
collect your MAC address and location data. If you do not want us to track your device or use your information in this way, please turn off the Wifi capability on your phone or other electronic device within your settings.
As you browse one of our websites, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We may also collect Tracking Data when you use our website, or when you click on one of our adverts (including those shown on third party websites). In the majority of cases this will not identify you personally. Please note that our website may, from time to time, contain links to other websites which may be of interest to you. If you follow a link, please note that the other website will have its own privacy policy and you should check this before you submit any personal information to that website. We are not responsible for the content of other websites or their use of your personal information.
If you apply for employment or work with us, we will collect a range of information relating to you which is outlined in more detail in our candidate privacy notice which is available upon request.
How do we use your personal information?
To make our products and services available to the business or organisation you work for.
We use your personal data to provide you with the information, products and services that you request or purchase from us (i.e. to complete certain tasks, processes or orders on our website, or within our apps, take payment online (where applicable) and deliver your products or services), and to communicate with you regarding those products and services that you purchase from us and respond to your questions and comments;
We may also use your personal data to measure how satisfied our customers are and provide customer service (including troubleshooting in connection with purchases or your requests for services or when you ask us questions on social media);
We rely on our contractual arrangements with the business you work for as the lawful basis on which we collect and process your personal data when you make an order for products and services. Alternatively, in some cases, we rely on our legitimate interests as a business (for example, to measure customer satisfaction and troubleshoot customer issues). Where we rely on our legitimate interests, we will always make sure that we balance these interests against your rights.
For administrative and internal business purposes:
If you visit our website, we will use information about your visit to help us make our website experience as user-friendly for as many visitors as possible on the basis that we have a legitimate interest to do so.
If you fill in forms on our website, or contact us by any other means, we use the information you provide to respond to your enquiry or contact you on the basis that we have a legitimate interest to do so.
If you instruct us to provide services, we will use the information you provide to carry out our contractual obligations to you and to fulfil any legal obligations arising from your instructions. We may also use it to notify you about changes in our organisation on the basis that this is compatible with our original use of your information.
We will use any third party personal data collected in the course of providing services to carry out our contractual obligations to our clients and to fulfil any legal obligations arising from such instructions.
If you ask to be added to our marketing database, we will use the information you provide to send you information about our organisation and services in accordance with your stated preferences. We will do so on the basis that you have consented to us processing your personal information in this way. You can stop receiving marketing information from us at any time as these communications provide easy ways to unsubscribe or update your preferences.
We may contact you on occasion with information about specific sector information if you are a client or contact of the company or a person working within our industry who we reasonably believe would be interested in receiving that particular communication. Any such communications are tailored and considered and are sent on the basis that we have a legitimate interest in doing so. We will not use your personal information for any purpose not explained in this privacy policy and/or the privacy notices that apply to candidates and our staff members.
We expect and require that our clients comply with the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation and have an appropriate lawful reason for the processing of any personal information that is supplied to us in the course of us providing services to them (including any third party personal data supplied).
Where do we store your personal information and how it is kept secure?
Some of the information you provide to us will be transmitted electronically, e.g. information provided via our website or by email. We would remind you that information transmitted via the internet is not completely secure and although we will do our best to protect any information transmitted in this way, we cannot guarantee its complete security.
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data being accidently lost, accessed or used in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers located in the United Kingdom. No information you provide to us is transferred to, or stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area, save as is necessary for us to fulfil your contract with us to deliver goods or items outside of the European Economic Area.
In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Who do we share your personal information with?
We will never sell any of your personal data to a third party. However, in order for us to provide our services to you, we share your personal data with our trusted third party service providers or our group companies, as detailed below. Whenever we share your personal data, we put safeguards in place which require these organisations to keep your data safe and to ensure that they do not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes.
Third party service providers.
To fulfil orders for products and services.
We work with a number of trusted service providers who carry out services on our behalf. When your company purchase products and services from us, the services provided by these organisations includes delivery, product assembly or manufacture. It is in our legitimate interests as a business to work with these service providers since we may not have the capabilities to provide these services ourselves. In each case, we will ensure that the service provider is only allowed to use your personal data in order to provide the services to us and for no other purpose.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share it in order to comply with any legal obligation (for example our auditors, our insurers, professional advisers and HMRC) or with your consent.
We may transfer limited amounts of your personal data outside the European Economic Area when such transfer of personal data is necessary for us to fulfil your contract with us to import goods or items from, or deliver goods and items to, countries outside the European Economic Area.
We may transfer limited amounts of your personal data outside the European Economic Area when such transfer of personal data is necessary for us to fulfil your contract with us to deliver goods or items outside of the European Economic Area.
Your rights
You have a number of rights relating to your personal information and what happens to it. You are entitled to:
have your data processed in a fair, lawful and transparent way;
be informed about how your personal data is being used, an example being this privacy policy;
access personal data we hold about you;
require us to correct any mistakes in your personal data;
require us to delete personal data concerning you in certain situations where there is no good reason for us to continue to process it;
request that we transfer your personal data to you or another service provider in a simple, structured format;
object at any time to processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes;
object to automated decision making which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you;
object in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal data; and
otherwise restrict or temporarily stop our processing of your personal data in certain circumstances.
You can read more about your rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, in the Guidance from the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public. You also have the right to complain about our use of personal data to the ICO. You can do these by contacting the ICO via their website https://ico.org.uk/concerns or by calling 0303 123 1113.
If you would like to speak to us in relation to any of your rights, please contact us.
Changing your preferences
If you no longer wish to be contacted by us about our products or services, or for other marketing purposes, you can amend your preferences or unsubscribe by contacting us. Alternatively, if you have a profile on one of the Monro websites, you can unsubscribe by logging into your account, or simply follow the unsubscribe link provided in emails you receive from us.
We want to ensure that all the information we have about our customers is factually correct and up to date. If you find that the personal data we have about you is inaccurate or needs updating (for instance, you may have changed your name or address) then please contact us so that we can correct it. If you have created a profile on a Monro website, you can change the details stored about you by logging into your account.
Security of your personal data
We take the security of your personal data very seriously. We have implemented various strategies, controls, policies and measures to keep your data secure and keep these measures under close review. We protect your data by using encryption techniques and we use other safeguards such as firewalls and password protection. This means that your data is protected and only accessible by co-workers who need it to carry out their job responsibilities. We also ensure that there are strict physical controls in our buildings which restricts access to your personal data to keep it safe.
Retention of your personal data
In broad terms, we will only retain your personal data for as long as is necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. This means that the retention periods will vary according to the type of the data and the reason that we have the data in the first place.
We have procedures in place regarding our retention periods which we keep under review taking into account our reasons for processing your personal data and the legal basis for doing so.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make significant changes we will let you know but please regularly check this policy to ensure you are aware of the most updated version.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 22nd May 2018.