https://monroeengineering.com/privacy-policy.php
Call Us: (877) 740-1077
sales@askmonroe.com
Live Chat
GO
Home
About
Products
Custom
Quality
Technical
Blog
Contact
Get a Quote
Privacy Policy
2020 Monroe Engineering Products, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) discloses the privacy practices for Monroe Engineering, LLC and its subsidiaries (referred to as “us” or “we”) with respect to its websites and various related services (collectively the “Sites”). We are committed to protecting your privacy online. Please read the information below to learn how we treat information about you that we may receive from your use of this Site.
Note:The above opt-out process will eliminate some, but not all tracking. For example, you visiting our site creates an event in the log files. Log data is the information recorded by our web server about when, how, and which visitors are using our website. We use log data as a forensic trail if our website is breached, hacked, or misused in any way. We also use these log files to improve system performance.
Types of Information Collected
Personally Identifiable Information: This refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are and where you are. When you engage in certain activities, such as filling out a survey, request for quote, calling us or sending us feedback, we may collect certain information about yourself. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
During a normal visit to our site, no personally identifiable information about you is collected unless you have made contact with us. All information on our site is free to browse at your leisure without the need for you to provide us with any personally identifiable information. Our websites collects other information, nonpersonally identifiable information from site visitors. Non-personal information may include information such as tracking the site pages that are visited, ip addresses, cookies, device id's, the amount of time spent on our site, clicks, page views, events (which shopping tools you interacted with), and zip code.
Our primary goal is collecting aggregate information from you is to be able to perform analysis that allow us to improve the functionality of the website. We need to collect aggregate information in order to track page visits and peak site usage time, and to perform site clickthrough analysis and site layout re-design.
Use and Release of Information
Personally identifiable information collected on our websites may be used to:
Fulfill a Site user request (e.g., brochure fulfillment, lead generation, send marketing or promotional materials including e-mails or other information, save or share content)
Fulfill and deliver an order for goods or services
Respond to your comments or requests for information
Meet a request for or to develop new products or services
Make the user experience more customer friendly
Contact you if necessary in the course of processing or shipping an order for products or services
Generate Site analytics that improve our site layout, content, product offerings and services
Compile user data that is stored in our corporate database and may be used for marketing and other purposes
Comply with legal requirements
For security purposes. We may use your information to protect our company and our customers. We may also use information to protect our sites and apps.
You have certain choices about how we use your information.
You can control certain cookies and tracking tools.
Your California Privacy Rights.
If you reside in California, you have the right to ask us one time each year if we have shared personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make a request, please send us an email or write to us. Indicate in your letter that you are a California resident making a "Shine the Light" inquiry.
These sites and apps are not intended for children.
Our sites and apps are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 without permission from a parent or guardian. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us information, you can contact us. You can also write to us. Please mark your inquiries "COPPA Information Request." Parents, you can learn more about how to protect children's privacy on-line.
We use standard security measures.
The Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our sites will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. This includes not sharing your passwords.
We keep personal information as long as it is necessary or relevant for the practices described in this Policy. We also keep information as otherwise required by law.
We may link to third-party sites or services we don't control.
If you click on a link to a third-party site, you will be taken to a site we do not control. This Policy does not apply to the privacy practices of that site. Read the privacy policy of other sites carefully. We are not responsible for these third party sites.We may link to third-party sites or services we don't control.
If you click on a link to a third-party site, you will be taken to a site we do not control. This Policy does not apply to the privacy practices of that site. Read the privacy policy of other sites carefully. We are not responsible for these third party sites.
Terms and Conditions
Monroe provides its services to you subject to the following terms and conditions and subject to
the Privacy Policy above that appears on this Site (the “Agreement”). Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using any of our websites (the “Sites”). By accessing or using the Site, you agree to be bound by this Agreement. If you do not wish to be bound by this Agreement, you should not access or use the site. Monroe Engineering Products, LLC. may revise this Agreement at any time by updating this posting.
Copyright and Other Intellectual Property
All content, graphics, audio, video, software, and other materials, as well as the HTML code used to create any material on this Site, contained on or available via the Site and the compilation of such materials (the “Materials”) are the property of Monroe Engineering Products, LLC. and/or its subsidiaries or affiliates and are protected by trademark and copyright law and other proprietary rights laws in the United States of America and in other countries. Unless otherwise specified, no one has permission to copy, display, distribute, republish, publicly perform, modify, sell, or create derivative works from the Materials in any form for any commercial, non-commercial, or public purpose. Unauthorized use of the Site or the Materials may violate copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property laws and/or proprietary rights laws, and may subject you to criminal and/or civil liability. Use of the Site or any Materials in any manner not authorized by Monroe Engineering Products, LLC., contrary to the interests of Monroe Engineering Products, LLC., or contrary to any laws in any jurisdiction in which such use occurs, is strictly prohibited. Except as expressly provided herein, Monroe Engineering Products, LLC. does not grant any express or implied right to you under any patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secret information, or any other proprietary rights.
Permitted Use
You are hereby granted a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable right, to the extent that Monroe Engineering Products, LLC. is able to grant such a right, to view the information available from the Site for informational and non-commercial purposes only and to print out pages from this Site for informational and non-commercial purposes only. Any and all copies of the Materials must retain the copyright, trademark, service mark, and other proprietary notices displayed on the Site with respect to such Materials.
Prohibited Use
Anyone under 18 years of age and anyone who is not able to understand or enter into this Agreement for any reason is prohibited from using this Site. In addition to the prohibited uses described above, Monroe Engineering Products, LLC specifically prohibits any use of the Site, and all users agree not to use the Site, to provide any false or misleading information; use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any activity being conducted on the Site; take any action which imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Site’s infrastructure.
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
THE MATERIALS PROVIDED AT THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, IN NO EVENT WILL MONROE ENGINEERING PRODUCTS, LLC, ANY OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES OR ANY THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED AT THIS SITE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCULDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, OR THE RESULTS OF USE OF THIS SITE, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO THIS SITE, OR THE MATERIALS OR INFORMATION CONTAINED AT ANY OR ALL SUCH WEBSITES, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES AND/OR THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Monroe Engineering, LLC does not warrant (1) that this Site or its server are free from errors or viruses, worms or “Trojan horses”, or (2) the accuracy and completeness of the materials on this site. We actively scan, use best practices and use ssl.
In addition, Monroe Engineering, LLC may make changes to the materials at this Site at any time without notice.
About Monroe
Experience
Over 60 years of manufacturing experience to best serve our customers
Read More >>
Capabilities
Monroe provides custom manufacturing solutions to clients throughout the world
Read More >>
Value Adds
Our knowledge, customer service & processes are structured to reduce delivery times, improve quality & cut costs
Read More >>
Commitment
Monroe is committed to customer satisfaction, we strive for continuous improvement in our products and our people.
Read More >>
Adjustable Handles
Bearings
Cables & Wiring
Casters
Crank Handles
Extrusions
Fasteners
Gas Springs
Gaskets
Handles
Handwheels
Hinges
Hoist Rings
Hooks
Hooks/Shackles
Hydraulic Clamping
Knobs
Leveling Mounts
Lever Arms
Lighting
Locks & Latches
Magnets
Military Spec Hinges
Molded Rubber
O-Rings
Piano Hinges
Pins
Plungers
Pull Handles
Rod Ends
Rubber Products
Quick Release Pins
Seals
Springs
Toggle Clamps
Vehicle
Workholding
Home
About Us
Blog
Custom MFG
Guides
Privacy policy
Certifications
General Terms & Conditions
Supplier Terms & Conditions
AS9100D Quality Manual
Supplier Quality Manual
Prop 65
Contact Us