https://mordenhall.com/privacy-policy
Weddings
INTIMATE WEDDINGS
Ceremonies
Drinks Receptions
WEDDING RECEPTIONS
EVENING RECEPTIONS
Floor Plans
Your Wedding Story
The Venue
The Venue
wedding preparation rooms
Willow
Hawthorn
Oak and Yew
Mulberry
Gardens & Courtyard
Food and Drink
Prices
Gallery
Our Virtual Tour
Accommodation
History
Wedding Inspiration
Contact
Contact
Book a Visit
Check Availability
Request a Brochure
Menu
Privacy Statement
Last updated: 23 October 2019
At Morden Hall we take your privacy very seriously and we are committed to protecting your personal data. We are registered in England and Wales under company number 09665160 and have our registered office at 797 Harrow Road, Sudbury Town, Wembley, HA0 2LP.
This privacy statement (together with the terms and conditions, which you can find here http://wedding-venues-enquiries.co.uk/MordenHall/MordenHallTerms.pdf) describes how we collect, use, protect and share personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us when you use our website (https://www.mordenhall.com) (the “Website”), and otherwise interact with us.
If you wish to contact us regarding this privacy statement, please see the contact details on https://www.mordenhall.com/privacy-policy/.
For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 2018, the data controller is Morden Hall Events Ltd. However, the Website is managed by Country House Wedding Venues Limited (“CHWV”), and any personal information that you submit via the Website or which is otherwise collected via the Website will be processed by CHWV, and CHWV will also be a data controller in respect of that information. If you engage Venue Catering and Events Ltd (VCE) in relation to event services such as catering, VCE will be a data controller in respect of the information they process. VCE and CHWV are both part of the Artemis Group of companies.
Please note that, by providing your personal information via the Website CHWV’s Privacy Policy at https://www.wedding-venues.co.uk/privacy-and-cookie-policy will therefore apply to CHWV’s processing of your personal data, in addition to this privacy statement from Morden Hall. The VCE Privacy Policy is also accessible at https://venue-catering.co.uk/privacy-and-cookie-policy.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU OR ABOUT YOU AND OUR SOURCES OF THAT DATA (INCLUDING WEDDING GUEST DATA)
PURPOSE AND LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
MARKETING AND YOUR CHOICES
PERSONAL DATA OF CHILDREN
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
SECURITY
RETAINING PERSONAL DATA
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
HOW TO CONTACT US
DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU OR ABOUT YOU AND OUR SOURCES OF THAT DATA (INCLUDING WEDDING GUEST DATA)
We may collect, use, store and transfer the following personal data about you:
Data you give us
when you visit our venue;
when you make an enquiry or a booking in person, on the Website, by phone or when visiting our venue;
when you register for an account on the Website;
by filling in a form on the Website;
when you use the Website;
when entering into a prize draw or competition;
if you ask us to provide you with marketing communications such as newsletters or updates, or information about special events or promotions;
if you ask us to keep in touch with you;
if you ask us to provide you with personalized content such as targeted advertising;
if you contact us or correspond with us (for example, by phone, email or otherwise) for any reason, for example, when making an enquiry about our venue; or
when you provide us with comments, opinions and/or feedback about our venue, our food and our service.
Data we collect about you when you visit or use our Website
technical information, including the type of device (and its unique device identifier) you use to access the Website, the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your device to the Internet, your unique device identifier (UDID) or mobile equipment identifier (MEID) for your mobile device, your device and component serial numbers, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug in types and versions, operating systems, mobile network information and platform and details of any referring website or application; and
information about your visit to the Website including full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from the Website (including date and time), pages you viewed, page response time, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
Data CHWV collects about you.Any information you provide to CHWV directly may be shared with us for the purpose of the planning and arrangement of your wedding (for example, to share important details about your wedding plans).
Data we collect from or are provided with by third parties. We may be given information about you from third parties, such as third party websites who advertise our services, third party suppliers for your wedding, social media platforms or anyone making a reservation on your behalf to attend one of our venues. This also includes data relating to wedding guests, on which we have provided more detail below.
Data relating to wedding guests. Where we are hosting a wedding, we will be liaising with our client. Our client may give us information relating to wedding guests to help plan and manage the day. This could include accessibility information, as well as dietary information. We process this information only at the request of our client. In collecting wedding guest information and providing it to us, our client will be the data controller and we will be the data processor, as will CHWV and any catering company, when using this data to plan and manage our client’s wedding.
Publicly available data. We may also collect information that is publicly available. For example, we may collect information about you when you interact with us through social media.
PURPOSE AND LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING YOUR DATA
We will use the personal data held about you for the purposes stated below:
Purpose of Processing
Type of personal data
Legal basis for processing
To process any visits or bookings for weddings where you are our client
Your name, postal address, email address, mobile number, any other contact details, details of any allergies
and dietary requirements (including any dietary or access assistance requirements you may provide) and your
reservation details including any wedding plans you may wish to tell us about
Performance of a contract and consent (in respect of any dietary or access assistance requirements of yours)
To process any visits or bookings for weddings provided by our client to us in respect of our client’s guests
Your name, contact details, details of any allergies and dietary requirements (including any dietary or access
assistance requirements you may provide)
We process this data as a processor on behalf of our client, who is the data controller. The legal basis that
will apply is legitimate interests of our client in allowing them to organize their wedding and provide for you
as a guest to attend, as well as consent (in respect of any dietary or access assistance requirements) .This
consent will be obtained directly from you by our client and as a processor, we rely on our client having
obtained your consent to disclose this information to us
To process any payments you make
Your name, bank details, credit card and/or debit card details
Performance of a contract
To manage our relationship with you, including:
deal with any enquiries, correspondence, concerns or complaints you have raised;
notifying you about changes to our terms and conditions or this privacy statement; or
asking you to provide us with your comments or feedback.
Your name, information about the issue raised, phone number and email address (if applicable)
Legitimate interest – to allow us to improve our overall customer experience
To process your registration to use our Website
Your username, email address, password and any other contact information
Performance of a contract
To send you our newsletter or update and to keep in touch with you
Your name and email address
Consent
To process your enquiry to visit our venue in advance of your wedding day
Your name and contact details
Legitimate interest – to allow you to visit our venue, as requested by you
To tell you about our venue, where you have made an enquiry about our venue
Your name and contact details
Legitimate interest – to provide you with information about our venue, as requested by you
To inform you and to make suggestions and recommendations about our venue, services, products, offers, promotions or special events that we believe may interest you
Your name and contact details
Consent
To provide you with marketing communications, for example, newsletters, updates and notifications, where
requested by you
Your name and contact details
Consent
To share your details with CHWV for the purpose of enabling CHWV to provide you with marketing communications, for example, newsletters, updates and notifications, where requested by you
Your name and contact details
Consent
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or survey
Your name and contact details
Consent
To provide personalized online content to you (via the Website, social media platforms and our online
partners)
The technical information mentioned above, your name and Contact details
Consent
To enable us to keep the Website safe and secure
The technical information mentioned above
Legitimate interest – to improve and ensure the safety of the Website
To compile reports (which do not personally identify you) about the use of the Website
The technical information mentioned above
Legitimate interest – to improve the Website
To ensure that the content on the Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your
device
The technical information mentioned above
Legitimate interest – to improve the Website
To deliver relevant online content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of
the advertising we serve to you
The technical information mentioned above
Legitimate interest – to understand our customers better, keep the Website updated and relevant and to develop
our business and to inform our marketing strategy
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and
experiences
The technical information mentioned above
Legitimate interest – to understand our customers better, keep the Website updated and relevant and to develop
our business and to inform our marketing strategy
To better understand our customers
The technical information mentioned above, location data and information about product choices etc
Legitimate interest – to allow us to prepare statistical information to be used internally to better
understand our customers, but also to understand the effectiveness of our sales, marketing and advertising
To enable us to share your personal data with CHWV and any catering company you choose to use
Your name, email address, your partner’s name and any other relevant details of your wedding plans
Performance of a contract and legitimate interest to allow us to plan and manage your wedding
Where we have a legal basis to use your personal data without consent (as we have described above), this privacy statement fulfils our duty to process personal data fairly and lawfully and in a manner that you would expect given the nature of our relationship with you, by giving you appropriate notice and explanation of the way in which your personal data will be used.
Where consent is required for our use of your personal data as described above, we will request your consent. Typically, we would collect your consent by you performing an action such as ticking the appropriate consent box or otherwise communicating your consent to us (for example, by email or by you providing us with non-mandatory information), you consent to our use of that personal data as set out in this privacy statement. For example, we will only process your personal data for marketing purposes if we have your consent to do so. Please see the next section for further information on this.
We do not sell your personal data to third parties and only share your information as described in this privacy statement.
MARKETING AND YOUR CHOICES
We will, if you have given us your consent and in line with your choices, provide you with information by email, which may be of interest to you in respect of our venue, CHWV and any of our recommended catering companies. Where you have consented to receiving direct marketing online this means that you could be presented with advertisements while using the Website or the services of our online partners within the scope of your consent, for example, if you have given us this consent we may run a Facebook advertisement campaign, which could include our advertisements being presented to you while you are on Facebook. We may also personalize the content that you see using analytical or profiling tools. We will only provide you with marketing communications if you would like us to. You will have the opportunity to clearly set out whether you wish to receive marketing messages from us by ticking the relevant boxes.
PERSONAL DATA OF CHILDREN
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 16. If you become aware that your child or any child under your care has provided us with information without your consent, please email us at team@mordenhallcatering.co.uk
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may share your personal data with selected third parties in accordance with this privacy statement, as follows:
with CHWV.
with the appointed caterer who provides catering services at your wedding.
with any other third party suppliers whom you explicitly ask us to provide your personal data to for the potential or actual provision of goods and/or services at your wedding.
with any other third party suppliers for your wedding, or a wedding you attend, where we or CHWV are providing planning, guidance and liaison services.
with Google, Microsoft, or other email account providers (if you use your account with them to sign up / in with us), if applicable.
service providers (for example, IT services or CRM services), business partners (for example, delivery services or booking services), suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with you, but also when sending out marketing communications.
professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services
with vendors who provide services to us, such as fulfilling orders, providing data processing and other information technology services, managing promotions, carrying out research and analysis, and personalizing individual customer experiences. We do not allow these vendors to use this information or to share it for any purpose other than to provide services on our behalf.
with analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of the Website.
with government or other law enforcement agencies, in connection with the investigation of unlawful activities or for other legal reasons (this may include your location information.
with third parties, who acquire us or substantially all of our assets, in which case your personal data (including any sensitive personal data) will be one of the transferred assets (however, we will let you know before this happens).
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The personal data that we collect from you is processed and stored at, destinations within the European Economic Area (EEA).
If we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure that a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring that one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission. To find out which countries are covered by this, please see https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/adequacy-protection-personal-data-non-eu-countries_en
Where there is no adequacy decision by the European Commission in respect of these countries (to the extent that they are outside the EEA), which means they are not deemed to provide an adequate level of protection to your personal data, we will still ensure that your personal data receives an adequate level of protection. We will therefore put in place the following measures to ensure that your personal data is treated by those third parties in a way that is consistent with EU and UK laws on data protection:
EU-US Privacy Shield; and/or
EU standard contractual clauses.
If you would like to find out more about this, please contact us via email at team@mordenhallcatering.co.uk
INFORMATION SECURITY
We are committed to taking appropriate measures designed to keep your personal data secure. Our technical and organizational procedures are designed to protect your personal data from accidental, unlawful or unauthorized loss, access, disclosure, use, alteration, or destruction. While we make efforts to protect our information systems, no website, computer system, or transmission of information over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Once we have received your personal data, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access or inadvertent disclosure.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access the Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
RETAINING PERSONAL DATA
We will only keep your information for the length of time needed to carry out the purposes outlined in this privacy statement and for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances we may anonymize your personal data so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case we may use such information without further notice to you.
Even if you request that we erase your data, we may still need to keep it (please see below) or may keep it in a form that does not identify you.
If you have not agreed that we may use your personal data for marketing purposes, we will keep it for a period of 6 years after your enquiry, the date of your wedding, or last used the Website, whichever is longer.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
You have the following rights with regard to your personal data:
Access.You have the right to access data we hold about you. This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it;
Rectification or erasure. You have the right to request that we rectify or delete any personal data that we hold about you (unless we have the legal right to retain it). This right does not extend to non-personal data. Please note that your rights to request erasure may be limited by applicable law.
Restriction. You also have the right to restrict us from processing your personal data if the data is inaccurate, the processing is unlawful or we no longer need to your personal data for the purposes for which we hold it.
Data portability. You have the right to obtain personal data we hold about you, in a structured, electronic format, and to transmit such data to another data controller if the legal basis for processing such personal data is consent or performance of a contract.
Object /change of preferences. You have a right to request that we stop processing your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party). You have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. For example, if you have given your consent to receive updates or other marketing communications, but have changed your mind, you have the ability to opt out from receiving such communications going forward by contacting us using the details provided below or by clicking the relevant link in any communications you receive.
Complaints. If for any reason you are not happy with the way that we have handled your personal data, please contact us. If you are still not happy, you have the right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Please note that if you ask us to stop processing your personal data in certain ways or erase your personal data, and this type of processing or data is needed to facilitate your use of the Website or the provision of products or services to you, you may not be able to use the Website or receive products or services from us as you did before. This does not include your right to object to direct marketing, which can be exercised at any time without restrictions. Please allow at least 3 working days for your request to be actioned.
Please note that the rights mentioned above do not extend to non-personal data (or anonymized data).
If you would like to exercise any of the rights mentioned above, please contact us by emailing team@mordenhallcatering.co.uk
COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
A “cookie” is a small text file that is placed onto an Internet user’s web browser or device and is used to remember and/or obtain information about the user and a “web beacon” is a small object or image that is embedded into a web page, application, or email and is used to track activity, which are also sometimes referred to as pixels and tags.
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of the Website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into the Website.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the Website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way the Website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to the Website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to the Website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make the Website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
Cookie
Why we use it
Opt out information
Google analytics
This cookie enables us to collect statistical information about how our visitors use our website so that we can improve the website and learn which parts are most popular to visitors and otherwise analyse user behaviour and retargeting.
GA opt out
Facebook pixel
For targeting.
Facebook
VWO
To test two versions of a web page or app and compare their performance, in order to check design tweaks and improve conversion rates.
VWO opt out
By clicking “agree” on the cookie consent box when you first access the Website and by continuing to access and use the Website you accept our use of the cookies.
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of the Website.
For more detailed information about cookies and how they can be managed and deleted, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
This privacy statement is in effect as of the date noted at the top of the statement. We may change this privacy statement from time to time. If we do, we will post the revised version here and change the “last updated date” (the date it applies from) at the top of the statement. You should check here regularly for the most up-to-date version of the statement. Continued use of the Website will signify that you agree to such changes, however, if we need to seek updated, additional or different consents from you, we will, of course, do so.
HOW TO CONTACT US
Questions, comments and requests regarding our privacy statement are welcome and should be addressed to:
Morden Hall
21 Morden Hall Road
Morden
London
SM4 5JD
Please also contact us if you would like to know more about our data processing activities, to update or amend any of your personal data which you have provided to us or if you believe our records relating to your personal data are incorrect.
Visit us atMorden Hall
See our stunning venue for yourself and arrange a showround
Book a visit
Check availability
Get the latest availability at Morden Hall for your wedding day
Check dates
Request a brochure
Read all about it and download our wedding brochure
Download
©
We use cookies to enhance your site experience and understand how our site is used. Cookies may also be set to help generate targeted advertising that you see on our site or on sites of our online partners. You may change your cookie settings at any time by adjusting your browser settings, but if you disable the cookies parts of the site may not work.
Find out more here.Accept Cookies