http://moreybodyboards.com/terms-conditions/
TERMS & CONDITIONS
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Morey Bodyboards relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term ‘Morey Bodyboards’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 966 Sandhill Ave. Carson, CA 90746. . The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, the following personal information may be stored by us for use by third parties.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trade marks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Subscribe To Our Newsletter!
------------
It only takes a second to be the first to find out
about our latest news and promotions...
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Will be used in accordance with our  Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Pinterest
linkedin
FOLLOW US ON INSTAGRAM
@MOREYBODYBOARDS & @CHURCHILLSWIMFINS
341
10
504
16
248
4
225
4
146
4
156
2
close
Search
Start typing to see posts you are looking for.
Menu
Categories
Shop
Pages
Pre-Built Pages
FAQs
Contact Us 3
Pre-Built Layouts
About Us
Elements
Theme Elements
Xtemos Elements
More Elements
Button with popup
WooCommerce
Boards
Accessories
Swimfins
LOCATIONS
HISTORY
Home
Login / Register
Shopping cart
close
Scroll To Top
We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By browsing this website, you agree to our use of cookies.
More info
Accept