https://moreybodyboards.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.moreybodyboards.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
1.   What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
2.   What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
3.   The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
4.   How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
• See what data we have about you, if any.
• Change/correct any data we have about you.
• Have us delete any data we have about you.
• Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via email orders@wham-o.com
Subscribe To Our Newsletter!
------------
It only takes a second to be the first to find out
about our latest news and promotions...
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Will be used in accordance with our  Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Pinterest
linkedin
FOLLOW US ON INSTAGRAM
@MOREYBODYBOARDS & @CHURCHILLSWIMFINS
341
10
504
16
248
4
225
4
146
4
156
2
close
Search
Start typing to see posts you are looking for.
Menu
Categories
Shop
Pages
Pre-Built Pages
FAQs
Contact Us 3
Pre-Built Layouts
About Us
Elements
Theme Elements
Xtemos Elements
More Elements
Button with popup
WooCommerce
Boards
Accessories
Swimfins
LOCATIONS
HISTORY
Home
Login / Register
Shopping cart
close
Scroll To Top
We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By browsing this website, you agree to our use of cookies.
More info
Accept