https://mortgagesolutions.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Mortgage Solutions of Colorado, LLC, d/b/a Mortgage Solutions Financial (“MSF,” “we,” or “our”) is committed to protecting our customers’ and other website users’ (“you” or “your”) privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) applies to the MSF website and governs data collection and usage. By using the MSF website, you consent to the data practices described in this Policy.
Collection of your Personal Information
Mortgage Solutions Financial collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. MSF also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Mortgage Solutions Financial. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by MSF for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Mortgage Solutions Financial website.  This policy covers both online and offline activities, including information that we collect through our website, marketing events, applications you submit online and in person (among other methods).
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through any Mortgage Solutions Financial public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.  This includes any information that is part of your profile on a third party social network (such as Facebook) and that you allow the third party social network to share with us.  Note: MSF does not read any of your private online communications, such as a direct message sent to your loan officer.
Mortgage Solutions Financial encourages you to review the privacy policies of websites you choose to link to from ours so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. MSF is not responsible for the privacy policies or other content on websites outside of the Mortgage Solutions Financial family of websites.
In all cases, we strive to limit the amount of information we collect and store to that which is necessary to provide you the relevant services.
Use of your Personal Information
Mortgage Solutions Financial collects and uses your personal information to operate our website and deliver the services you have requested. MSF also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from us and our affiliates.
Mortgage Solutions Financial does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. MSF may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, we may share data with trusted partners for a business purpose, for instance, to perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries, among other things. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Mortgage Solutions Financial, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Mortgage Solutions Financial does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Mortgage Solutions Financial keeps track of the websites and pages our customers visit within Mortgage Solutions Financial, in order to determine what MSF services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within MSF to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Mortgage Solutions Financial websites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Mortgage Solutions Financial or the website; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Mortgage Solutions Financial; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Mortgage Solutions Financial, or the public.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
On January 1, 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act secured new privacy rights for California consumers. This act provides California residents with broad rights with respect to their personal information, and imposes significant new obligations on covered businesses.
Right to Know – Consumers in California have the right to know what information companies collect about them, from which sources, how it is used, and to whom it is disclosed.
Right to be Forgotten – Consumers have the right to request we remove all records from a business database.
Right to Opt-Out – Businesses cannot sell or share your information if you exercise this right.
Right to Non-Discrimination – Businesses cannot discriminate against you in price, service, etc. if you exercise your rights under CCPA.
You may make these requests related to your California privacy rights at this link (https://mortgagesolutions.net/ccpa-opt-out/), by sending an email to Privacy@mortgagesolutions.net, or by calling 1-866-346-7677.
When you make a request, we may ask you to provide verifying information, such as your name, email, or phone number. We will review the information provided and may request additional information via email or other means to ensure we are interacting with the correct individual. Please also be aware that making any such request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal or deletion of personal information or content you may have posted, and there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow us to fulfill your request.
Please be aware that we do not accept or process requests through any other means (e.g. via fax, social media, other email addresses or telephone numbers, etc.)
Use of Cookies
The Mortgage Solutions Financial website use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize MSF pages, or register with Mortgage Solutions Financial’s website or services, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Mortgage Solutions Financial website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the MSF website features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Mortgage Solutions Financial services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Mortgage Solutions Financial secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We secure the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When we transmit personal information (such as a credit card number) to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
We Do Not Collect Information From Children
We do not knowingly solicit or collect any type of information from a person under the age of 13. If you learn that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of this Privacy Policy, then you may alert us at Privacy@mortgagesolutions.net and we will remove that information from our records as soon as feasibly possible.
Changes to this Policy
Mortgage Solutions Financial will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and customer feedback. MS F encourages you to periodically review this Policy to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
Contact Information
Mortgage Solutions Financial welcomes your comments regarding this Policy. If you have any questions or concerns about this notice, or about the privacy of your nonpublic personal information that you have provided via use of this website, or would like to opt out from future contact by Mortgage Solutions Financial, please contact Mortgage Solutions Financial at 5455 N Union Blvd, Colorado Springs, CO 80918. If you believe that Mortgage Solutions Financial has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Mortgage Solutions Financial. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Contact Us
Apply for a home loan
Careers
Texas Mortgage Banker Disclosure, NMLS
Licensing – Retail
Licensing – Wholesale
Licensing – Correspondent
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
About Us
Our Leadership
Find a Loan
Our Process
Apply
Contact Us
Foreclosure Prevention
My Account
Wholesale
Correspondent
AG-America.net
NMLS Consumer Access
Important Coronavirus (COVID-19) Information for Borrowers Economically Impacted
Read More