https://mortgage4homes.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (together with our Terms of Service and any other documents referred to therein) provides an explanation of what information we collect, how we collect it and how it will be processed (and may be disclosed) by us. By submitting your details to us via this website (the “Site”) you consent to iLeads.com (“us”, “we”, “our” or “iLeads”) use of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
iLeads is committed to your rights under the CCPA.
You have the Right to request that iLeads.com disclose to you certain information about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
Categories of personal information we may collect about you
The specific pieces of personal information we collected
If we sold or disclosed the information via a sale or for a business purpose identifying the information categories and recipient.
Sources for the categories of personal information
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the information
You have the Right to Access, Data Portability, and Deletion. To do so, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by:
Calling: 1-877-245-3237
Emailing: service@ileads.com
Web: https://myinformation.ileads.com/SubmitRequest
Only the person whose information is requested (expect in the case of a minor) may make a verifiable request twice within any 12-month period. The request must provide sufficient information that allows iLeads to reasonably verify you are the person for whom we have collected personal information and describe the information requested in enough detail for us to properly respond. iLeads will respond in the timeframe as allowed by law. We do not require account creation and will only use the information provided with the request to verify the identity of the requestor. We cannot respond to a request without reasonable identity verification.
You have the Right of Non-Discrimination. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights by denying goods/services, charging a different price for goods/services, imposing penalties, providing different levels of service/quality or suggesting any of the above.
All other policies, rights or requirements of the CCPA not referenced here will be followed and provided.
General Privacy Policy
Applicability and Third Party websites and Services
This Privacy Policy only applies to our website and does not apply to third party websites you may link to from this Site or third party web pages or other online services which may be displayed on this Site. If you click on a link to a third party website or service, or supply information to a third party website or service that is placed within our webpage, you are interacting with that third party and this Privacy Policy will not apply. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those third party websites and services.
We may collect your personal information in the following ways:
When you submit an inquiry form or otherwise provide us with your information, including, but not limited to, contact information, employment information and mortgage or other financial information;
From third parties, including websites which publish our ads and offers, as well as other online and offline sources such as identity verification services and other service providers and vendors and we may combine such information with other information you have provided to us;
Automatically based on interaction with our site, using cookies and other technology (as described below).
Types of information we may collect:
Personally identifying information. We may collect personally identifying information when you provide it to us (as described above). Examples of the types of personally identifying information you may provide include, but are not limited to, your name, email address, telephone number, zip code, self- reported credit rating, self-reported income, employment information, mortgage or loan payment history. You can choose not to provide us with such information, but some of our services and certain parts of our Site may not be accessible to you. Other information we collect: We automatically collect information about your interaction with our Site, our advertisements and other promotional content using technologies like cookies and web beacons, and via our web server’s log files. Examples of information which may be collected by our various technologies include browser information, your device IP address, whether you clicked on one of our advertisements, pages you’ve visited on the Site, which website you came from, date and time stamp information, and other navigation and click-through information. Although information we collect through these tracking devices is not always personally identifiable when collected, we may combine such information with personally identifiable information like your name or email address or other information that could be used to identify you.
How we may use and share the information that we collect:
The information that we collect about you may be used by us in any manner and for any purpose permitted by law. This may include sharing your information, both personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information, with third parties for marketing purposes, including but not limited to, sending you email offers for goods and services that may interest you. If you do not want us to share your personally identifying information with third parties for marketing purposes, you may opt-out by submitting your request to info@ileads.com.  Additionally, we may, or we may engage third parties who may, combine your personally identifiable information, such as your email address, with non-personally identifiable information such as your IP address, device ID, a unique cookie recognized on your browser, or information associated with such non-personally identifiable information such as information about your browsing history, whether collected on this site or a third-party site, for the purpose of sending you more relevant advertising, including by email.  To opt-out from this service, you may op submit your request to info@ileads.com.
How you may opt-out of certain data collection
Personal information collected may be shared immediately with third parties for direct marketing purposes, but you may opt-out of further sharing of your information for direct marketing purposes by submitting your request to info@ileads.com.
Cookies and Other Technology
Cookies are small data files that are stored on your computer or device by your web browser. We use cookies to store information so that you do not have to re-enter your information upon revisiting one of our Sites. Cookies also enable us to provide personalized content, monitor our marketing campaigns, track your entries and submissions and gather information about your interactions with our Site or with one of our advertisements. Cookies may be set by us or our business partners and service providers when you visit the Site or when you interact with one of our advertisements or other content. We use both session cookies, which terminate when you close your browser, and persistent cookies, which may remain on your computer until you delete them. You may decline cookies if your web browser software permits. If you have questions about disabling cookies, you should consult with your browser’s manufacturer. Note, however, that some parts of the Site may not operate correctly if you disable cookies.
We may also track your use of our Site, advertisements, and other content through web beacons (also called pixel tags or clear gifs). Web beacons can be used for various purposes, including to help us improve our Site, services and marketing communications.
Targeted Ads and Analytics Services
We may have relationships with third party advertising and analytics services companies who may place advertisements on our behalf onto other websites, perform tracking and reporting functions for those Sites and our advertisements, and place third party advertisements on our Site. Information collected includes, but may not be limited to, information about the websites you’ve viewed and advertisements you interacted with, along with your IP address, date/time stamp information, your ISP and the browser you use to visit this Site. This information may be used, among other things, to deliver advertising (from us and from other companies) targeted to your preferences and interests, and to better understand the usage and visitation of our Site and the other websites tracked by these advertising companies.
To learn more about targeted advertising (also called behavioral advertising), analytics services and your choices, including how to opt-out of some third party ads, advertising networks, and ad servers, you may wish to visit the NAI Consumer Opt-Out Page and the Google’s information page.
What choices do you have regarding the collection of your information?
Providing Information. You can choose not to provide us with your personally identifiable information. Note, however, that you may not have access to certain of our products and services if you decide not to provide us with your information. Opting Out of Our Promotional Emails. You may opt-out of receiving marketing and promotional emails from us at any time by using the opt-out mechanism contained in such emails (also referred to as “unsubscribe”), or by submitting your request to info@ileads.com. Please allow 10 business days for us to process your opt-out request. Also, note that opting out of receiving promotional email communications will affect only future communications from us. If we already provided your information to a third party before you changed your preferences or updated your information, you may have to change your preferences directly with that third party as well. Declining Cookies. If you do not want to accept our cookies, you can adjust your browser settings to decline cookies. You should note, however, that certain areas of the Site may not operate properly if you decide not to accept cookies.NAI Opt-Out. Some third-party advertising companies we use may collect information about you through cookies and other technologies in connection with their behavioral advertising programs. For information on opting out from behavioral advertising practices, please refer to the Targeted Ads and Analytics Services section above.
Children’s Privacy
This Site is intended for general audiences and is not intended for use by persons under the age of 13. If we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete it. If you believe that we have collected personal information from a child under 13, please contact us using the information below.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting an updated Privacy Policy on our Site without advance notice to you. We encourage you to check this page often for updates and revisions. Any updated Privacy Policy will be effective immediately upon posting.
Personal Information Transferred to the U.S.
We operate our Site in the United States, and it is intended for use only by those in the U.S. Data protection and privacy laws in the U.S. differ significantly from those in other locations. If you are located outside the U.S., you understand and acknowledge that the personal information that we collect will be transferred to and processed in the U.S., and you consent to such activities.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, or how we collect and use personal information, please contact us at any of the following:
By sending an email to:
info@ileads.com
or
By sending a letter to:
iLeads.com ® Attn: Privacy Support
567 San Nicolas Drive Suite 180, CA 92660
Phone: 877-245-3237 FAX: 949-640-8307
©1996 – 2020 iLeads.com ®, LLC.
Mortgage 4 Homes
Mortgage4Homes.com is a unique loan quote marketplace where financial professionals from across the country are waiting to compete to provide you with interest only mortgage, interest only loans, second mortgage quotes and more!
Read more about us
Important Links
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Links
Sitemap
Advertise with us
Social
Contact Us
567 San Nicholas Drive
Newport Beach, California 92660
877-245-3237
© Copyright 2020 - Mortgage 4 Homes
Your Information
Secured by SSL
We respect your privacy