http://mountainapplecompany.com/privacy-policy/
Mountain Apple Company | Privacy Policy
Home
Licensing
Blog
Toggle navigation
Privacy Policy
The Mountain Apple Company’s Customer Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is important to The Mountain Apple Company (“MAC”).
We strive to keep your personal information confidential.
By ensuring that you are aware of and understand the MAC’s Customer Privacy Policy, we can afford you better service.
If your privacy is of importance to you we ask that you take a moment to read our policy and learn how we handle your personal information.
Why we collect personal information
MAC collects and uses your personal information to give you better service, provide you with convenient access to our products and services, and make a wider range of products and services available to you.
Additionally, MAC uses your personal information to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, special offers, and any other information we think you’d like to hear about.
This may occasionally include information from other companies about products and services that can add value or increase the convenience of the MAC products you use.
From time to time, we may also use your personal information to contact you to participate in a market research survey, so that we can gauge customer satisfaction and develop better methods of delivering the Hawaiian Music you want to you in the way you want.
How we collect personal information
We collect information about you in several ways.
For example, we might ask for your contact information when you correspond with us, call us to make a purchase or participate in an online survey.
In addition, when you register as a new MAC on-line member, or ask to be included in an email mailing list, we collect and store the information you provide in a secure database.
To save you time and make our on-line services easier to use, some areas of the MAC website allow you to create an “MAC ID” using your personal information.
Here’s how it works:
Simply fill out a brief profile – your name, phone number, and email address – then choose a password and password hint (such as the month and day of your birth) for security.
The system saves your information and assigns you a personal MAC ID.
Next time you order something from the MAC Store, you can simply enter your email address and password – the system will automatically look up the information it needs.
When we disclose personal information
MAC protects your personal information in accordance with the MAC Customer Privacy Policy.
MAC may occasionally share your personal contact information with carefully selected record companies, to keep you informed about related products.
For example, when new records are released, we may work with the record company and record artists to ensure that you’re aware of the latest album available from your favorite artist.
If you do not want to receive promotional information from MAC or these other record companies, click www.www.mountainapplecompany.com/contact/myinfo to update your personal contact preferences.
MAC works with other record companies that help us provide records and downloads and related services to you, and we may provide your personal information to these companies.
For example, we give shipping companies this information so they can deliver your products efficiently.
The information they receive is for shipping and delivery purposes only, and we require that the companies safeguard your personal information in accordance with MAC’s policies.
At times we may be required by law or legal process to disclose your personal information.
We may also disclose information about you if we believe that disclosure is necessary for the public interest.
Protecting your personal information
MAC safeguards the security of the data you send us with physical, electronic, and managerial procedures.
We urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet.
Change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use a secure browser.
The MAC Store uses industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption on all web pages where personal information is required.
To make purchases from the MAC Store, you must use an SSL-enabled browser such as Internet Explorer 5.0 or later, or Mozilla Firefox.
This protects the confidentiality of your personal and credit card information while it is transmitted over the Internet.
Accessing your personal information
You always have access to the information we have about you.
To review and update your personal contact information, simply click http://www.mountainapplecompany.com/customer/account/login.
If you would like to review other personal information that MAC may have about you, email us at info@www.mountainapplecompany.com.
Collecting other personal information
When you browse MAC’s site, you are able to do so anonymously.
Generally, we don’t collect personal information when you browse – not even your email address.
Your browser, however, does automatically tell us the type of computer and operating system you are using.
Like many websites, the MAC website uses “cookie” technology.
When you first connect to our site, the cookie identifies your browser with a unique, random number.
The cookies we use do not reveal any personal information about you, except perhaps your first name so we can welcome you on your next visit.
Cookies help us understand which parts of our websites are the most popular, where our visitors are going, and how long they spend there.
We use cookies to study traffic patterns on our site so we can make the site even better.
In some of our emails to you, we use a “click through URL.”
When you click one of these URLs, you pass through our web server before arriving at the website that is your destination.
We track click-through to help us determine your interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications.
Our commitment to privacy
To make sure personal information remains confidential, we communicate these privacy guidelines to every MAC employee.
In addition, MAC participates in industry initiatives – such as the Online Privacy Alliance (http://www.privacyalliance.org) And TRUSTe – to preserve privacy rights on the Internet and in all aspects of electronic commerce.
MAC does not knowingly solicit personal information from children or send them requests for personal information.
MAC’s website contains links to other sites.
MAC does not share your personal information with those websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices.
We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies.
If we are going to use your personal information differently from that stated at the time of collection, we will try to contact you via email using the most recent information we have.
If you have not given us permission to communicate with you, you will not be contacted, nor will we use your personal information in a new manner.
The MAC Customer Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time.
We encourage you to review the privacy policy regularly for any changes.
Search for:
SHOP NOW
Mountain Apple CompanyMusic of Hawaii
CD Collection
Available through
www.welcometotheislands.com
Featured Artists
MACCalendar
where will your favorite artist be next?
ArtistWebsites
LicensingRequests
mechanical and sync
Subscribe to our newsletter
Email Address:
Keep in touch with us
Home
Wholesale Inquiries
About Us
Privacy Policy
Licensing
Site Map
Contact Us
© Mountain Apple Company - HAWAI'I All Rights Reserved
1-800-882-7088 (Order Desk) 808-597-1888 (Office) 808-597-1151 (FAX)