http://mr-stitch.com/privacy-policy/
THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY POLICY DETAILS THE Mr. Stitch PLEDGE TO KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION PRIVATE.
Effective Date: April 21, 2017
This privacy policy describes how Mr. Stitch, Inc. (“Mr. Stitch”) collects and uses the personal information you provide on our Web sites: It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
What type of information does Mr. Stitch collect?
We collect the following personal information from you (Publishers ONLY):
Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number
Billing Information
What does Mr. Stitch do with my data?
Mr. Stitch only collects data to enhance and personally tailor our website to meet your needs. Personal information that is collected allows us to customize website content and generate targeted advertisements based on your particular preferences. Cookies help us distinguish between individual users, tailor fit homepages, control advertisement frequency, and so on.
IP addresses help us diagnose server issues and help us administer mr-stitch.com. Without your IP address it would be impossible to keep our services running 24/7, and we want to be here for you around the clock.
Every email sent to Mr. Stitch users is to meet your needs. We offer website updates, inform you of new features, allow you to register for special offers and sweepstakes, newsletters all for your enjoyment. If at any point these emails become annoying or bothersome, simply follow the unsubscribe mechanism in these emails or you can email orders@mr-stitch.com
Also note that your email address helps Mr. Stitch respond to any questions you have posed, issues you have encountered, or complaints made. We require your email address so we may address these issues.
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as payment processing, email communications and career fulfillment. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us. We have a co-branding relationship with our service provider of our career page. The personal information that you enter is owned by Mr. Stitch.
We may also disclose your personal information
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request,
to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
if Mr. Stitch is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information,
to any other third party with your prior consent to do so
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.
We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file.
We set a persistent cookie to store your passwords, so you don’t have to enter it more than once. Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as previously entered account information, will be limited.
Third Party Cookies
The use of cookies by third parties is not covered by our privacy policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies.
Clear Gifs (Web Beacons/Web Bugs)
We employ and our third party advertising partner employs a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers’ personally identifiable information. This clear Gif placement allows Mr. Stitch a seamless and unobtrusive way to retarget our users to ensure that all ads have been personally tailored to that individual.
Your IP address helps Mr. Stitch diagnose server problems and helps us administer website functions. IP addresses provide us with geographical information and aggregated information on how visitors utilize Mr. Stitch.com. By monitoring search queries, access times, and traffic patterns we can determine how to market users and make their experience more enjoyable.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as a social security number/Tax ID) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at orders@mr-stitch.com
Public Forums
Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at orders@mr-stitch.com.
In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Who else gets to see my personal information?
When you request services from our business partners Mr. Stitch will share your personal information with them, so that you can receive what you have requested. If you have any questions or concerns about an Mr. Stitch business partner, you may contact them directly. Mr. Stitch is not responsible for the data collection or privacy practices of business partners. Your personal information may also be shared with Mr. Stitch owned businesses.
Targeted advertisements enhance user experience, and so at times we may share specifically non personal information with advertisers, so that they may present you with relevant advertisements. Geographical information may be shared along with demographics, but we will never share personally identifiable information. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking here. Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads.
How do I delete my information from Mr. Stitch?
If your personal information changes, you may correct or update by logging into your account and going to Account Info or by emailing orders@mr-stitch.com or by contacting us by postal mail at the contact information listed below. If you no longer desire our service, please contact us at the contact information listed below in Contacting Mr. Stitch.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at orders@mr-stitch.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
At this current time it is not possible to completely delete your user information from the Mr. Stitch database. If you are concerned with the security of your personal data you can remove the cookie stored on your browser, which will allow the server to perceive you as a new user. In the future you can change your browser setting to not accept cookies. Be aware that removing cookies does prevent you from participating in certain activities.
Will I be notified of a security breach?
Mr. Stitch has taken many steps to ensure that your personal information is not made publicly available and that is only accessible to the user who originally entered it. However, in the event of an unlikely security breach, the user will be notified via email immediately.
Do linked sites honor your policy?
Linked sites are not run or controlled by Mr. Stitch. The website does contain many linked sites so that we may offer you additional services and products that we feel you will enjoy. Each linked site is owned by an outside company; therefore, they have established their own polices in respect to privacy. Mr. Stitch won’t be held responsible for privacy practices or policies or content of linked sites. Also note that any personal information supplied to an outside advertiser is at your own risk.
Mr. Stitch will notify you of changes
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contacting Mr. Stitch
In regards to privacy issues or the collection of personal data, any questions or concerns can be directed to our dedicated representatives. Please contact them by email at orders@mr-stitch.com
Mr. Stitch respects your privacy. We will not share or use your mobile number for any other purpose. We reserve the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, to avoid liability, or to protect our rights or property. When you complete forms online or otherwise provide us information in connection with the Service, you agree to provide accurate, complete and true information. If we, in our sole discretion, believe that any such information is untrue, inaccurate or incomplete, we may refuse you access to the Service.
Changes to Privacy Policy:
By visiting our site you consent to our collection and use of your information as described in the policy. We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy and related business practices at any time by posting updated text on this site.
Free WordPress Themes, Free Android Games