http://mrel.com/privacy.html
DEFENCE & SECURITY SOLUTIONS DIVISION
BLASTING INSTRUMENTATION DIVISION
EXPLOSIVES TECHNICAL SERVICES DIVISION
CONTACT
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Privacy Policy MREL Group of Companies Limited (“MREL”, “we”, “us”) is committed to preserving and safeguarding your right to privacy. As part of this commitment, MREL wants you to be fully aware of what happens to the personal information in our custody and control. This Privacy Statement sets out the manner in which MREL will collect, use, disclose and otherwise manage the personal information we obtain from you through MREL’s websites located at www.mrel.com, www.fixor.com, www.aquaram.com, and www.ezcoredisrupters.com (the “MREL Websites”). By using the MREL Websites, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. If you do not consent, then please do not use the MREL Websites.
Collection Of Your Personal Information
In general, you can visit the MREL Websites without telling us who you are and without giving any personal information about yourself. There are times, however, when MREL or our Authorized Distributors may need information from you to answer your inquiries and to provide you with information.
MREL may collect personally identifiable information including, but not limited to, your name, company name, job position, addresses, phone numbers, fax numbers, profession etc. that you provide by sending an email to MREL, completing a form on the MREL Websites, registering for Login access to secure areas on the MREL Websites, and/or registering to receive the MREL Newsletter. We also collect your responses to our online surveys, forums or bulletin boards, and any comments, suggestions and other feedback you provide to MREL.
In addition, we sometimes collect non-identifiable information from visits to MREL Websites to help us provide better customer service. For example, we keep track of the domains from which people visit, and we also measure visitor activity on MREL Websites, but we do so in ways that keep the information non-identifiable. This information is sometimes known as "clickstream data." MREL or others on MREL’s behalf may use this data to analyze trends and statistics and to help us provide better customer service.
Also, when we collect personal data from you in a transaction, we may extract some information about that transaction in a non-identifiable format and combine it with other non-identifiable information such as clickstream data. This information is used and analyzed only at an aggregate level to help us understand trends and patterns. This information is not reviewed at an individual level. If you do not want your transaction details used in this manner you can disable your cookies.
We collect the information we mentioned in the previous paragraphs through the use of various technologies, including one called "cookies". A cookie is a piece of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer as an anonymous tag that identifies your computer but not you. Some MREL Websites pages use cookies, sent by MREL or its third party vendors, or other technologies to better serve you when you return to the MREL Websites. You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You can also set your browser to turn off cookies. If you do so, however, some MREL Websites may not work properly.
Some MREL Websites also use web beacon or other technologies to better tailor those sites to provide better customer service. These technologies may be in use on a number of pages across MREL Websites. When a visitor accesses these pages, a non-identifiable notice of that visit is generated which may be processed by us or by our suppliers. These web beacons usually work in conjunction with cookies. If you don't want your cookie information to be associated with your visits to these pages, you can set your browser to turn off cookies.
If you turn off cookies, web beacon and other technologies will still detect visits to these pages, but the notices they generate cannot be associated with other non-identifiable cookie information and are disregarded.
Use Of Your Personal Information
MREL uses your personal information to identify who you are and to provide you with the services you have requested. MREL also uses your personal information to inform you of products and/or services available from MREL.
MREL does not sell, rent or lease your information to third parties. However, MREL will provide your information to your local MREL Authorized Distributor. It is MREL’s practice to require such Authorized Distributors to handle information in a manner consistent with MREL’s policies.
MREL uses aggregated and de-identified survey and feedback information for the purposes of monitoring and improving the use and features of the MREL Websites, and for any other specified purposes relating to such survey or request for feedback.
We use clickstream data to help us to understand how the MREL Websites are used (e.g., which pages or sections are most popular and when are the peak activity times). This enables us to provide personalized services and assists us in planning for future improvements to the MREL Websites to better meet our visitors’ needs.
MREL will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (i) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on MREL or the MREL Website; (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of MREL; and, (iii) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of the general public.
Information Security And Quality
We intend to protect your personal information and to maintain its quality. We implement appropriate measures and processes, such as using encryption when transmitting certain sensitive information, to help us to keep your information secure and to maintain its quality.
Supplementing Information
From time to time we may supplement information you give us via the MREL Websites with information from other sources, such as information validating your address or other available information about businesses. This is to help us maintain the accuracy of the information we collect and to help us provide a better service.
Use Of Suppliers
In some cases MREL uses suppliers to collect, use, analyze and otherwise process information on its behalf. It is MREL’s practice to require such suppliers to handle information in a manner consistent with MREL’s policies.
Personalized URL Link
On occasion, we may personalize and customize MREL Websites sites for certain visitors. If you visit one of these sites, you may find it customized with references to products and/or services that we believe may be of interest to you, based on your previous interactions with MREL and information you have provided to us. While you are visiting these MREL Websites, we may collect information about your visit to better tailor the site to your interests. An invitation to visit one of these MREL Websites is usually presented as a personalized URL in an e-mail, a notice on a MREL Websites registration page, or as a response to you logging on to a certain MREL Websites.
If you choose to visit one of these MREL Websites, you are agreeing to let MREL collect information about your visits and also to its association with other information about you and your relationship with MREL. If you do not wish your information to be used in this way, do not accept the invitation to visit these sites.
Links To Non-MREL Websites
MREL Websites may contain links to other websites. MREL is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other websites.
Notification Of Changes
This Privacy Statement was last updated on April 16th, 2009. MREL will occasionally update this Privacy Statement to reflect company and customer feedback. MREL encourages you to periodically review this Privacy Statement to be informed of how MREL is protecting your information.
Privacy Questions And Access
If you have a question about this Privacy Statement or MREL’s handling of your information, you can contact us at:
Corporate Vice President
MREL Group of Companies Limited
1555 Sydenham Road
Kingston, Ontario K7L 4V4
Canada
If you become aware the information you have provided to MREL is incorrect and you would like us to correct it, contact us as indicated above or through your Login account at MREL.
Before MREL is able to provide you with any information or correct any inaccuracies, however, we may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details to help us to respond to your request.
MREL Group of Companies Limited1555 Sydenham Road
//
Kingston, Ontario K7L 4V4 // CanadaTel: +1.613.545.0466 // Fax: +1.613.542.8029
Copyright ©
MREL Group of Companies Limited - Contact Us - Terms of Use - Privacy Statement