https://mrhealthinsurance.net/privacy-policy/
Call us directly:
1-877-800-7340 or 612-991-3546
Serving MN and Western WI:
Contact Us
Home
Apply Online
Coverage
Medicare Supplemental Plans
Individual Health Insurance Plans
Dental Insurance
International Travel Medical
Providers
HealthPartners of Minnesota
Medica of Minnesota
Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Minnesota
PreferredOne
Why Us?
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy at Mrhealthinsurance.net:
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we publish this notice explaining our online information practices regarding the information you have provided. Mrhealthinsurance.net is committed to protecting all personal information. All of the information we gather will be limited to Professional Insurance Agents, Brokers and Carriers for the sole purpose of providing competitive quotes to consumers in need of insurance. We do not provide information to any entity other than the agent, broker, carrier and authorized representatives of these agencies. We do not release any information for mailing or calling databases.
Personal Information We Collect:
The information we gather during the submission process is provided to verified licensed agents, brokers and carriers, and each subscriber to our service has made a commitment to your privacy. The personal information is used to determine which insurance is best suited for your needs so that competitive quotes may be offered promptly and efficiently. Many questions will help the agent determine what discounts you might qualify for. Since we have up to 5 companies in your local area competing for your business it is important to fill the forms out as complete as possible so that they can establish the correct rate based on their criteria. In some cases where permitted by law, insurance companies will need to obtain additional background informational reports such as driving records, claims history, credit reports and health history. By requesting quotes and providing information on our website request forms, you are giving your consent to have these reports pulled. Some carriers do not require this information and in those cases the reports will not be pulled. While much of the personal information is necessary for the insurance companies to provide the most accurate quote, all of the information is used solely for the purpose of quoting insurance.
Our Commitment to Secure Data:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Security:
Mrhealthinsurance.net makes every effort to ensure that any identifiable information that it receives via the internet is secure against unauthorized access. We use secure server software over a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) line to protect your personal information. It encrypts all of your personal information so that this information cannot be read as it travels through our system. This means that no one will ever see the information that you send to us except the qualified agents in your local area who have an interest in providing you a quote. We will only give out personal information as required by law, for example to comply with a court order or subpoena or to assist in criminal investigations. We may also give out personal information when we deem it advisable in order to protect the safety and security of our sites.
Children’s Privacy:
The quotes offered as a result of a visit to our websites are for insurance shoppers who have reached an age requiring personal insurance. We do not offer any information on our website that would be considered objectionable and we do not link to insurance information providers that we feel would be objectionable. As in all responsible use of the internet we suggest parents monitor their children to insure that their experience on the internet is an enjoyable one and meets the parents’ expectations of acceptability.
Links to Other Sites:
We do not monitor or control the content that appears on any links to and from our sites and such content may be constantly changing. We encourage all end users to read the privacy policies of all linked sites before navigating through them.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have any questions regarding our privacy policy or have any comments, please contact us at info@Mrhealthinsurance.net
We reserve the right to revise our privacy policy without notice as the content on our website continually changes.
Effective October 1st, 2003
by phone:
612-991-3546 or 1-877-800-
7340
by email:
info@mrhealthinsurance.net
...or request a Quote Online:
GET A QUOTE
Get a Quote
Latest News
MNsure Announces Special Enrollment Period for Uninsured Minnesotans
Affordable HealthPartners Individual Plans
Important Changes Coming for Minnesotans on Medicare
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
« Mar
Search by Plan
Helpful Tips
MNsure Announces Special Enrollment Period for Uninsured Minnesotans
Affordable HealthPartners Individual Plans
Quick Links
Get a Quote
Individual Insurance
Medicare FAQs
Privacy Policy
Connect with Us
Disclaimer An Authorized independent agency for Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Minnesota and Blue Plus, nonprofit independent licensee of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association
Copyright MrHealthInsurance.net. All Rights Reserved. Website 2.0 & Online Marketing by
iMarketingWizards.com. Website Improved by Elto.com