https://mrshrinkwrap.com/terms-and-conditions
NOT-LOGGED-IN
Product Categories
Anti Slip Sheets
Bag and Film Sealers
Sealer Imprinters
Sealers
Automatic Sealers
Constant Sealers
Continuous Band Sealers
Constant Heat Foot Sealers
Manual Sealers
Hand Irons
Press Sealers
Magic Wand Systems
Impulse Bar Sealers
Impulse Foot Sealers
Hand Sealers
Clam Shell Sealers
Constant Heat
Constant Roller Sealers
I-Bar Sealers
Impulse Hand Sealers
Jaw and Crimp Sealers
Heavy Duty Sealers
Pneumatic Sealers
Vacuum Sealers
Bag Openers
Boat & Industrial Shrink Wrap
Shrink Wrap By Width
Shrink Wrap By Mil
Flame Retardant Shrink Wrap
Reinforced Shrink Wrap
VCI Shrink Wrap
Shrink Wrap Installation Supplies
Anti-Chafe Tape
End Caps and Bottom Caps
Gloves
Poly-Woven Strap
Shrink Wrap Film Knives
Shrink Wrap Stands
Shrink Wrap Tape
Heat Shrink Tape
UV Preservation Tape
Reinforced Shrink Wrap Tape
Shrink Wrap Vents
Tarp Clips & Bungees
Zipper Access Doors
Boat Shrink Wrapping Service
Power Boat Shrink Wrapping Service
Cruising Power Boats with Flying Bridge
Sail Boat Shrink Wrapping Services
Bulk Shrink Wrap
Bundling Films and Machines
Bundling Films
Bundling Machines
Butane Heat Tools
Closeout Specials
Rolls that Ship Free (US 48)
Heat Guns & Accessories
Open Box Transhield Covers
Colored Stretch Wrap
Colored Hand Wrap
Single Rolls
Cases
Full Pallet - Hand Wrap
Colored Machine Wrap
Full Pallets - Machine Wrap
Combo Seal and Shrink Systems
L Bar Sealers w/ Tunnel
Hood L Bar Sealer
Conveyor Equipment
Gravity Conveyors
Rotary Accumulation Tables
Electric Heat Guns
Master Heat Guns
Steinel Heat Guns
Industrial Heat Guns
Professional Heat Guns
Professional Heat Blower
UltraHeat Heat Guns
Gloves
Glue Dots
Dot Shot Adhesives
Dot Shot Pro Dispenser Gun
Heat Gun Rental
Heat Gun Repair Service
Heat Gun Spare Parts
Ripack Heat Gun Spare Parts
Ripack 3000 Heat Gun Spare Parts
Ripack 2200 Heat Gun Parts
Ripack 2000 Heat Gun Parts
Shrinkfast Heat Gun Parts
Shrinkfast 998 UL Heat Gun Parts
Shrinkfast 975 UL Heat Gun Parts
Shrinkfast MZ Spare Parts
Shrinkfast METRIC Parts by Request
Heat Shrink Tunnels
Bundling Tunnels
Standard Heat Shrink Tunnels
Infrared Heat Shrink Tunnels
Shrink Banding Tunnels
L Bar Sealers w/ Tunnel
L Bar Sealers
Hood L Sealers
Moisture & Corrosion Control
Shrink Wrap Vents
Zerust VCI Vapor Capsules
Desiccant Bags
Natural Gas Heat Guns & Parts
Natural Gas Boosters
Natural Gas Heat Gun Parts
Outdoor Amenity & Furniture Shrink Wrapping Services
Food Tray Overwrappers
Pallet Handling Equipment
EZ Loader
EZ Off Lifter
Hand Pallet Trucks
Lift Pilot
Load Transfer System
SkidLift
UniLift
Pallet - Heat Shrink
Pallet Shrink Covers
Polyolefin Shrink Film
Center Fold Polyolefin Films
Single Wound Polyolefin Films
Sytec 701 Shrink Films by Syfan
Sytec 701D Shrink Films by Syfan
Sytec MVP Shrink Films by Syfan
Sytec 307S Shrink Films by Syfan
PowerBlanket®
Accessories
Bulk Material Warmers
Gas Cylinder Heaters
PowerBlanket Lite
Standard Duty
Xtreme Cold
Curing - Surface Heaters
Ground Thawing Heaters
Propane Heat Guns & Accessories
Shrinkfast 998 Heat Gun
Shrinkfast 975 Heat Gun
Shrinkfast MZ
Ripack 3000 Heat Gun
Ripack 2200 Heat Gun
Ripack 2000 Heat Gun
PVC Shrink Bands
Self Adhesive Collision Wrap
18" Wide Collision Wrap
24" Wide Collision Wrap
36" Wide Collision Wrap
48" Wide Collision Wrap
Shrink Wrap Starter Kits
Stretch Film & Pallet Wrap
Hand Film - Rolls & Cases
Hand Film - Bulk Quantities
Machine Film - Bulk Quantities
Pre-Stretched Films - Bulk Quantities
Stretch Wrappers
Automatic Machines
Hand Wrappers
Mobile Semi-Auto Machines
Overhead Semi Auto Machines
Semi Auto Machines
Stretch Wrapping Robots
Turntable Semi Auto Machines
Surface Protection Films
Multi-Purpose Surface Protection Film
Duct Film
Tapes
Tapes for Shrink Wrap
Shrink Wrap Film Tape
Shrink Wrap UV Preservation Tape
Reinforced Shrink Wrap Tape
Reinforced Gummed Tape with Print
PolyPro Tapes with Print
Tape Dispensers
Transhield Boat Covers
V-Hull Boat Covers
Pontoon Boat Covers
Over Wake Tower Covers
Deck Boat Covers
Personal Watercraft Covers
Pole Accessory Kits
Tubing Heat Shrink
X-Deck Mobile Platforms
X-Deck Light
X-Deck PRO
X-Deck PRO Accessories
TERMS OF SERVICE
Please read these Terms of Service carefully before accessing or using our website.
----
OVERVIEW
This website is operated by Mr. Shrinkwrap. Throughout the site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Mr. Shrinkwrap. Mr. Shrinkwrap offers this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.
By visiting our site and/ or purchasing something from us, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”, “Terms”), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink. These Terms of Service apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/ or contributors of content.
By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any services. If these Terms of Service are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Service.
Any new features or tools which are added to the current store shall also be subject to the Terms of Service. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and/or changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
By accessing our website, you, the user, agree to the terms and conditions we set out here. These terms and conditions may change at our discretion any time, and without notice. All orders and purchases made through this site are also governed by these terms and conditions.
Use of and orders placed on this website are governed by the laws and the courts of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and by the applicable laws of The United States. The user is also responsible for complying with these laws. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply. We may correct errors or inaccuracies and change or update information on this website at any time without notice, including prices and item availability. All sizes and weights quoted are approximate.
All prices listed are in US dollars and all charges will be processed in US dollars. All prices listed on this site are subject to confirmation. You agree to pay all charges payable for your order. We reserve the right to limit the quantity of items that you may buy. We also reserve the right to cancel orders at our discretion.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver items as quickly as possible, and within any time indicated. However, we are not responsible for delivery delays beyond our control. We will endeavor to notify users if delivery is delayed. All items are delivered by a third party, and delivery is governed by their shipping contracts. We reserve the right not to ship to certain addresses.
Copyright Considerations: All textual and graphic content on this site, its organization and presentation, and our organization and domain name are our property, and are therefore copyrighted by us. The materials on this site may not be copied, reproduced, posted, or republished in any way. They may be downloaded, displayed, or printed by the user for non-commercial and lawful personal use only. Otherwise, the republication or use of these materials on any other website without prior written consent from us is prohibited, and all rights are reserved. The trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on this site are registered and unregistered trademarks of Mr Shrinkwrap, Inc. and others, and so your own use of them is prohibited. Images of people used on this site are used with permission or in accordance with applicable law. Reuse of them without permission may violate the privacy and publication rights of those persons.
Using Linked Content: This site provides links to other websites. All those sites are independent from Mr Shrinkwrap, Inc., and therefore we have no control over, and no liability for, those websites or their contents, or their use. We provide these links for your convenience, and you decide to access them at your own risk.
User-Provided Content: By submitting content, users warrant that they have full right and authority to submit that content, and that they have sole copyright and proprietary right over that content. Users may not contribute, post or transmit unlawful, defamatory, or threatening material, that which would constitute or encourage criminal offenses, or violate any law. We reserve the right not to publish, or to remove, any content we deem inappropriate for any reason whatsoever.
Our Liability: This website should be accessed and used at your own risk. Though reasonable efforts have been made to ensure the website is current and contains no inaccuracies or errors, no guarantees are made that the website's content will be error-free, accurate, complete or current at all or any times. When a mistake is noticed, we will correct it as soon as possible and make reasonable efforts to notify affected users. This may mean that orders not yet shipped may be canceled. We are not responsible for lost, incomplete, illegible, misdirected or stolen messages or mail, unavailable connections, failed, incomplete, garbled, or delayed transmissions, online failures, hardware, software, or other technical malfunctions or disturbances, whether or not these circumstances affect, disrupt, or corrupt communications. Mr Shrinkwrap, Inc. and our directors and employees are not liable for any damages arising out of or related to access to or use of our site, or sites we link to, whether or not these damages are foreseeable and whether or not we have been advised of the possibility, including, without limitation, direct, indirect, special, consequential, incidental or punitive damages.
This agreement between Harbor Bay Group, Inc. dba: Mr. Shrinkwrap and you, the user, supersedes all prior agreements and understandings pertaining to this subject matter. Privacy & Mr Shrinkwrap: Your consent to the use of the personal information you provide to Mr Shrinkwrap is outlined in our Privacy Policy.
SECTION 1 - ONLINE STORE TERMS
By agreeing to these Terms of Service, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature.
A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your Services.
SECTION 2 - GENERAL CONDITIONS
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
You understand that your content (not including credit card information), may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over networks.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us.
The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.
SECTION 3 - ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS AND TIMELINESS OF INFORMATION
We are not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk.
This site may contain certain historical information. Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.
SECTION 4 - MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICE AND PRICES
Prices for our products are subject to change without notice.
We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time.
We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
SECTION 5 - PRODUCTS OR SERVICES (if applicable)
Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Return Policy.
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products that appear at the store. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at anytime without notice, at the sole discretion of us. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited.
We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.
SECTION 6 - ACCURACY OF BILLING AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors.
You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.
For more detail, please review our Returns Policy.
SECTION 7 - OPTIONAL TOOLS
We may provide you with access to third-party tools over which we neither monitor nor have any control nor input.
You acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools ”as is” and “as available” without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind and without any endorsement. We shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party tools.
Any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider(s).
We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall also be subject to these Terms of Service.
SECTION 8 - THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Certain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties.
Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties.
We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review carefully the third-party's policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third-party.
SECTION 9 - USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS
If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, 'comments'), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments.
We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service.
You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.
SECTION 10 - PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your submission of personal information through the store is governed by our Privacy Policy. To view our Privacy Policy.
SECTION 11 - ERRORS, INACCURACIES AND OMISSIONS
Occasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).
We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.
SECTION 12 - PROHIBITED USES
In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
SECTION 13 - DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.
We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable.
You agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you.
You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk. The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided 'as is' and 'as available' for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.
In no case shall Mr. Shrinkwrap, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
SECTION 14 - INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Mr. Shrinkwrap and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Service or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.
SECTION 15 - SEVERABILITY
In the event that any provision of these Terms of Service is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Service, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.
SECTION 16 - TERMINATION
The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes.
These Terms of Service are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Service at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our site.
If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Service, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).
SECTION 17 - ENTIRE AGREEMENT
The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
These Terms of Service and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to The Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service).
Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Service shall not be construed against the drafting party.
SECTION 18 - GOVERNING LAW
These Terms of Service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of PO Box 697, Media, PA, 19063, United States.
SECTION 19 - CHANGES TO TERMS OF SERVICE
You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time at this page.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes.
SECTION 20 - CONTACT INFORMATION
Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to us through the form below:
SECTION 21 - PACKAGE DELIVERY/CLAIMS
If you did not receive the package we sent you, or the package is damaged. Please contact us at 610-566-5290 or respond to your order confirmation email with all available details surrounding the situation. We can file a claim with the carrier that was used to deliver your package(s). For damaged packages, you will be required to send a picture of the damages for recording purposes. In all lost package claims, we do require that the claims process with the carrier conclude before we can send a replacement.
Back to top of page
Follow us on
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Main Office, Shipping & Receiving:
660 13th Avenue Building 4 Prospect Park, PA 19076   Get Directions Here
Save on Shipping, Pick-Up is Free! Please place order online or by phone prior to your arrival
Mailing Address:
PO Box 697 Media, PA 19063
1-800-847-5290
Company
Custom Products
Installation Services
About Us
Contact Us
Blog
Customer Service
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Returns & Exchanges
Sales & Specials
Check out Mr Shrinkwrap on Yelp
Products
Shrink Wrap Film
Tape
Heat Guns & Accessories
Pallet Wrap & Stretch Film
Collision Wrap
Shrink Bags & Tubing
Sewn Covers
Starter Kits
Strapping Systems
Zipper Access Doors
Installation Supplies
Moisture & Corrosion Control
Packaging Machines