https://ms-research.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
At Main Street Research LLC, we recognize the sensitive nature of your nonpublic personal information, and take every reasonable precaution to protect your privacy. When you entrust us with your nonpublic personal information, you can be certain that it will be used only within our strict guidelines.
We have prepared this notice to explain what types of information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may share it. We hope you will read through all of the details of our position on protecting your privacy.
Information we collect from you
Upon becoming a client, we collect information which includes address, telephone number, social security numbers, and birth dates. As well, we obtain information about wills, trusts, and current investment positions. Once you become a client, we maintain information about your account transactions and balances with your account’s Custodian.
How we use this information
We use the nonpublic personal information we know about you responsibly to:
Make investment decisions for your portfolio
Advise you for retirement and financial planning purposes
Enhance administrative issues such as completing forms so that you need only sign them to open or close accounts
In addition, the material in this website includes forward looking statements based on Main Street Research LLC’s experience and expectations about the securities markets and the methods by which Main Street Research LLC expects to invest in those markets. Those statements are sometimes indicated by words such as “expects,” “believes,” “seeks,” “may,” “intends,” “attempts,” “will,” and similar expressions. The forward looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to many risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore actual investment returns could differ materially and adversely from those expressed or implied in any forward looking statements. Main Street Research LLC undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward looking statements for any reason.
Who has access to this information?
As we work together as a team on all portfolios, all employees of Main Street Research have access to the nonpublic personal information they need to provide assistance to you and to perform their jobs. We maintain strict internal policies against unauthorized disclosure or use of nonpublic personal information and we do not sell any nonpublic personal information you provide.
Sharing information with governmental entities
We may be required by certain federal regulators, auditors, examiners, or other officials to disclose nonpublic personal information about you. For example, if the SEC performs a routine inspection of our firm, then we may be required to provide this information. In these circumstances, only the specific information required by law will be disclosed.
Sharing information with non-affiliated third-party companies
Other than when required by a government agency, or with your express authorization, we do not share non-public personal information with non-affiliated third-party companies.
Opt Out
Since sharing under the circumstances noted is necessary to service customer accounts or is mandated by law, there are no allowances made for clients to opt out.
Security safeguards
As technology continues to advance, you can be sure that we will be sensitive to enhancing the physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards necessary to keep all personal information confidential and secure. Your trust is important to us and we are committed to protecting your privacy.
If you have questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy practices or the way our personal information is maintained and used, please feel free to contact us at your earliest convenience.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Important Disclosures
Form CRS
Our Brochure
Follow Us:
Main Street Research, LLC
30 Liberty Ship Way Third Floor
Sausalito CA 94965
T 800.357.3863 | F 415.289.0105
166 Main Street
Salisbury CT 06068
T | 860.435.2350
© 2020 Main Street Research, LLC. All rights reserved.