https://msimplement.com/privacy-policy/
Home  /  Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
INTRODUCTION
M & S Implement Company maintains this website for the purposes of information, education, marketing, and communication. The purpose of this Privacy Notice is to set out how we collect and use personal information that we may obtain from you through this website. This Privacy Policy is effective as of December 31, 2018. By using this website, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and to the collection and use of information by M & S Implement Company through this website as set forth herein.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
In order to express your interest in or request information about products and services from M & S Implement Company, you may be asked to provide certain information such as your name, email address and telephone number, along with a description of your comments or request for information.
INFORMATION USE
We use the information collected to administer our website services and for marketing and customer analysis and to review, develop and improve our services. In this regard, such information may be used to communicate with you and for marketing and promotional purposes and for notifying you about products and services.
We will not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others without your consent. We may, however, share or disclose your information when required by law or to respond to legal process, to protect our customers, to protect lives, to maintain the security of our services, and to protect the rights or property of M & S Implement Company.
COOKIES
When you use or visit this website, we will place one or more cookies on your computer or device. These cookies are small data files that transmit information back to our server to provide information about you, such as your computer or device, IP address, location, browsing history, browser configuration, preferences, and settings. We use this information to help operate our website, collect information about our website users’ online activity, and compile analytics. You can use your browser settings to remove or block cookies on your device.