https://mstglobal.com/privacy-policy/
Industries
Underground Hard Rock Mining
Underground Coal Mining
Surface Mining
Tunneling
Technology
Software Solutions
Network Infrastructure
Communication Devices
IoT Sensors & Automation
Safety & Tracking
Services
Resources
Case Studies
Brochures
About
About Us
Our Team
Focus on Safety
MST Global/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Mine Site Technologies Pty Limited, and its related bodies corporate (as that term is defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) (MST Global, we, our, us) are committed to protecting the personal information that you provide to us. In the course of our activities, we will collect, store, use and disclose personal information. This statement explains our policies and practices regarding the use, collection, storage and disclosure of your personal information by MST Global.
Personal information
Personal information is information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable whether the information or opinion is true or not and whether the information is recorded in a material form or not.
Types of personal information we collect and hold
MST Global collects and holds personal information about individuals for the provision of our products and services and purposes connected to those products and services.
Consistent with the provision or our products and services to you, the types of personal information MST Global may collect and hold about you include:
your name, username, address, telephone number, email address, position title;
financial and credit card information;
IP address, GPS location, motion data, user input (including photographs and signatures), beacon visibility, Bluetooth data, gamification data, diagnostic data (including battery usage and levels, device data, network and network connection data, ram and storage usage and data, CPU and application uptime data);
any additional information relating to you that you provide to us directly through our website or applications or indirectly through your use of our website or applications; and
any other personal information that may be required in order to facilitate your dealings with us.
How we collect and hold personal information
We may collect personal information directly from you in the course of providing our products and services, from our website, applications, tendering/contract process, sales/marketing campaigns and surveys.
We may collect and hold personal information disclosed to us by third parties when they engage us to provide our products and services. We will only do so where those third parties have the right to disclose to us that personal information.
Personal information is held securely, is subject to various security protections and is held only for as long as the information remains relevant to the purpose for which it was collected.
Purposes for which we hold, use and disclose information
We will not use or disclose personal information about you for any secondary purpose, unless that secondary purpose is related to the primary purpose for which we have collected that information, and you would reasonably expect the disclosure in the circumstances, or unless you consent to that use or disclosure. We do not sell personal information to other organisations.
The purposes for which we hold, use and disclose information include:
providing our products and services to you;
to communicate information about our products and services;
for our internal administrative, research, planning, marketing and product development;
customer service module as part of our ERP system.
Who we share information with
We may share your information with third parties during the ordinary course of our business, including:
service providers who provide services in connection with our products and services or otherwise maintain and service our business systems; and
insurers, accountants, auditors, lawyers and other external advisors, contractors, consultants engaged in our ordinary business activities.
Access and correction
MST Global will take all reasonable steps to ensure any personal data we collect, use or disclose is up to date and accurate.  If you believe personal information we hold about you is not up to date or accurate, you may ask us to correct it.
You may ask us to provide you with details of the personal information we hold about you, and copies of that information. We will respond to your request and attempt to provide you with the data within 30 days of receipt of your request.
If we provide you with copies of the information you have requested, we may charge you a reasonable fee to cover the administrative costs of providing you with that information.
Please direct all request for access and correction to: privacy@mstglobal.com
Overseas disclosure
MST Global may, in the course of providing products and services to you, disclose personal information to overseas entities.
Those overseas entities are likely to be located in the following countries: European Union, United States of America.
You agree that where personal information is disclosed to the countries above, the Australian Privacy Principles will not apply to that information.
Security
We may hold your personal information in either electronic or hard copy form. We take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from misuse, interference and loss, as well as unauthorised access, modification or disclosure and we use a number of physical, administrative, personnel and technical measures to protect your personal information.  If other organisations provide support services, we require them to appropriately safeguard the privacy of the information provided to them.  Where personal information is no longer required, we delete the information or permanently de-identify it.
Changes to this policy
We will review and update this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed without notice. Therefore, you should review the terms of this policy periodically to make sure that you are aware of how we collect, hold, store and use personal information.
Complaints
If you consider a breach of the Australian Privacy Principles has occurred, you may direct your query to us at the email address set out above (privacy@mstglobal.com) and we will attempt to resolve your complaint.  If you do not consider our response satisfactory, you may contact the Australian Privacy Commissioner at its website www.oaic.giv.au or by telephone on 1300 363 992.
Digital transformation is no easy feat, partner with the right company to ensure success.
Find out how we can help you
Enquire Now
Access Resource
×
Please enter a valid email address
First Name*Last Name*
Email Address*
Company*Region*Select RegionAfricaAustraliaChinaEastern EuropeIndiaLatin AmericaMiddle EastNordicNorth AmericaPacificRussiaSouth-East AsiaWestern EuropeBy entering your email address, you will be added to our mailing listPhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
An error occurred and an email could not be sent to your address
Please
try again
This resource will be sent to
Send to different email
Get resource
Thank you, this resource will be sent to