https://mtpredictor.com/privacy/
Privacy - MTPredictor
MTPredictor
Professional Trading Software
Software Versions
MTPredictor 8.1
MTPredictor 8.1 Data
NinjaTrader 8 Add-ons
NinjaTrader 7 Add-ons
Trade Module
Testimonials
Awards and Reviews
Resources
Training Room
Trading Elliott Wave
Elliott Wave Theory
Elliott Wave Rules
Video Training
Forex Quotes
TradeStation
NinjaTrader
Support
MTPredictor 8 help
NinjaTrader 8 Help
NinjaTrader 7 Help
Norgate Data Help
Customers Area
Pricing
Monthly Subscription
Donate
Licensing
Privacy
Risk
Terms
About Us
Background
Steve Griffiths
Steve on TV
Contact Us
FollowFollowFollow
MTPredictor Privacy Policy
Email Addresses.
The use of personal emails falls into 3 main categories
Email subscriptions to our Newsletter
Subscribers to our email newsletter agree to receive emails with information on News and Offers on our software. Emails may include recent examples of the MTPredictor software in action.
Email subscriptions to our Training Room
Subscribers to our Training Room Invites agree to receive emails once a week with a link to enter our MTPredictor Training Room.
New MTPredictor software subscriptions
New MTPredictor Customers agree to receive a short series of emails (4 in total) during their first few weeks of using the software. These emails are designed to help new Customers get up to speed with the software. The emails contain information on how to get support and links to additional resources on the MTPredictor web site.
All emails contain links at the bottom that allow you to change or amend your Preferences (on what information you want to receive from us) as well as links to unsubscribe from future emails.
Credit Card Information
MTPredictor Ltd does not process Credit Card information directly, we use a 3rd Party Company.
Personal Information
We commit to protecting all of the personal information that we collect and do not distribute this information to unaffiliated third parties. Subscribers may opt out of our emails at any time. Instructions for opting out are clearly communicated in each and every email message.
Third Party Websites
Our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites.We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
Security
Every effort is made to protect the information provided to us. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transferred over the Internet. You do so at your own risk.
Risk Disclaimer and Disclosure Statement
No offer or solicitation to buy or sell securities, securities derivative, futures products or off-exchange foreign currency (Forex) transactions of any kind, or any type of trading or investment advice, recommendation or strategy, is made, given or in any manner endorsed by any MTPredictor Ltd, or anybody associated with MTPredictor Ltd. Past performance, whether actual or indicated by historical results, is no guarantee of future performance or success. There is a possibility that you may sustain a loss equal to or greater than your entire investment regardless of which asset class you trade (Equities, Options Futures or Forex); therefore, you should not invest or risk money that you cannot afford to lose. Please read the full Risk Disclaimer and Disclosed and full Terms and Conditions. All examples on this web site should be considered as hypothetical. Unique experiences and past performances do not guarantee future results. Testimonials herein are unsolicited and are non-representative of all clients. Hypothetical performance results have many inherent limitations, some of which are described below. no representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown; in fact, there are frequently sharp differences between hypothetical performance results and the actual results subsequently achieved by any particular trading program. One of the limitations of hypothetical performance results is that they are generally prepared with the benefit of hindsight. In addition, hypothetical trading does not involve financial risk, and no hypothetical trading record can completely account for the impact of financial risk of actual trading. for example, the ability to withstand losses or to adhere to a particular trading program in spite of trading losses are material points which can also adversely affect actual trading results. There are numerous other factors related to the markets in general or to the implementation of any specific trading program which cannot be fully accounted for in the preparation of hypothetical performance results and all which can adversely affect trading results.
While MTPredictor has automatic setups, it is not a Black box to be followed blindly: Judgement is needed in filtering the automatic setups, particularly with respect a clear larger degree trend. All trade decisions are your own sole responsibility.
There is a risk in Trading and Investing. Losses can and will unfold.
Copyright MTPredictor Ltd 2001-2020