http://mudgefasteners.com/privacy-policy
About
Brands
Products
Services
Industries
Resources
Contact
Shop Online
Back
History & Mission
Stocking Warehouses
Our Team
Project Gallery
Where to Buy
Terms & Conditions
Make a Payment
Back
All Brands
3M
ACT Fastening
Acument
Afixx Alliance
Au-ve-co
Bosch Tools
Camcar
Chicago Hardware
CyCan Industries
Defender Safety
DeWalt Anchors
DeWalt Tools
Diamon-Fusion
DURA-CON
EJOT Fasteners
Elco Fasteners
FallTech
G.L. Huyett
Grip Rite
GRK Fasteners
Hafele
HellermannTyton
Hilti
Hindley
ITW Buildex
Marson Rivets
Mercer Abrasives
MKT Fastening
National Hardware
Power Coil
Powers Fasteners
Proferred Tools & Safety
Red Head
Roost Systems
S-5!
Sherex
Simpson Strong-Tie
Solar Connections
Stanley Hardware
Staubli
Titebond
U2 Fasteners
Back
All Fasteners
Metric Fasteners
Mil-Spec Fasteners
Stainless Steel Fasteners
Tamper-Proof Security Fasteners
Anchors
Bolts
Construction Screws
Lock Nuts
Nuts
Rivets
Screws
Socket Products
Washers
Wire Goods
Woodworking Screws
Bits & Drivers
Consumables
Personal Protective Equipment
Back
All Industries
Automotive
Construction
Glazing
HVAC
Hydro Industrial Environments
Manufacturing
Robotics & Automation
Skateboarding
Solar Hardware
Tilt-Up Concrete Construction
Wind Energy
Back
ASTM Standards
Bolt Head Markings
Bolt Head Size Chart
Catalogs
Fastener Expert Blog
Fastener Glossary
Imperial vs. Metric Chart
Lag Screw Pilot Hole Diameters
Platings & Finishes
Solar Panel Maintenance
Standards Organizations
Technical FAQ
Technical Support
Thread Pitch Charts
Videos
Back
Contact Us
Request a Quote
Pay Invoice
Privacy PolicyAbout This PolicyThis notice describes the information practices of MUDGE FASTENERS, Inc. and its subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates, and brands (collectively “We”) as it relates to the websites and apps on which this policy is posted (“Site(s)”). This includes mobile websites and applications. It does not apply to information We might collect on other sites or in other forums, including by email or offline.Information We CollectOur web servers collect general data pertaining to each Site visitor, including but not limited to, the IP address, tracking codes, the domain name, the web page, the length of time spent and the pages accessed while visiting this Site. This may also include GPS locations for some of our mobile applications. We also collect personally identifiable and transactional information provided by companies and Site visitors that purchase products from that Site. This information includes contact information, shipping information, credit cardholder name, and card number/expiration date. We may also retain the content of the communications that are sent to our customer service representatives.How We Collect InformationWe collect information directly from you - for example when you register on the site, participate in a survey, or fill out a form requesting information from us. We collect information from you passively – We (or vendors acting on our behalf) use common collection techniques like cookies, and web beacons. This policy describes how and when We use these practices. We obtain information about you from third parties with whom We work – for example, our suppliers, resellers, and other business partners.Use of Information CollectedWe use the information that is collected from Site visitors and customers, or otherwise in connection with the Sites, as is disclosed at the time information is collected, as is otherwise disclosed to you, and as follows:To respond to your requests or inquiries and to fill your orders;To understand the use of the Sites, improve the content of the Sites, customize the shopping experience for Sites visitors and customers, and otherwise improve our products, services, the Site and our your online experience, including through using the collection practices described here.To notify Site visitors of changes to the Sites, new products and services, and for any other legitimate and lawful business purpose, including to notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy, our website Terms, or other terms that may impact your use of the Sites;To protect the security or integrity of the Sites, our company, or our customers and visitors; andTo determine your browser, recognize new visitors or existing users, and better understand our audience, customers and website visitors (including by using tracking tools).Your ChoicesRecipients of our e-mail marketing messages can unsubscribe from receiving promotional e-mail by using the unsubscribe instructions located at the bottom of the message, or by sending a request with “unsubscribe” in the subject line to sales@mudgefasteners.com. Site visitors can also request that their personal information not be shared with third parties solely for e-mail marketing purposes by sending their request with “do not share” in the subject line to sales@mudgefasteners.com. Because mailing lists are prepared in advance of each promotion, you may be sent a couple of promotions before the change is effective.SecurityOur Site uses industry-standard encryption technology to provide for the security of your credit card numbers. In addition, We have put in place reasonable procedural and technical standards to protect the security of our Sites and information We maintain. However, We cannot guarantee that any electronic commerce is totally secure. We encourage you to take affirmative steps to protect yourself online, including ensuring that any online account information you have remains secure.Links and Third-Party CollectionThe Sites contain links to other sites that are not owned, maintained, operated, or endorsed by or for MUDGE FASTENERS and not subject to the same privacy and other policies. The inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply any recommendation or sponsorship of such sites. You should read the other site’s privacy policies to understand how personal information collected about you is used and protected. The Sites also contain third party technologies that collect non-personally identifiable information from you directly. This includes third party social sharing buttons. These third parties might use passive tracking techniques such as cookies or web beacons to collect your information. MUDGE FASTENERS does not control these third parties. To learn more about their activities, please visit their websites and privacy policies.Non-US UsersThe Sites are operated in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States and by using the Sites/giving your information, you consent to such transfer, and understand that the U.S. may not provide the same level of protections as the laws of your country.Policy UpdatesFrom time to time We may change our privacy policies because of changes in the relevant and applicable legal or regulatory requirements, changes in our business or business practices, or in our attempts to better serve our customers. Notice of any material changes in the manner in which We handle personally identifiable information under this policy will be provided on the Sites. Please check the Site periodically for updates. Policy updates shall be effective the date the change is posted on the Site. By continuing to use the Site after We post any changes, you agree to the terms of the updated policy.QuestionsIf users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us as follows: by email at sales@mudgefasteners.com, or mail at 3050 Palisades Drive Corona, CA 92880, or call (800) 634-0406.