https://multifittings.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
ProductsNon-Pressure Fittings Pressure Fittings
Resources Sales Reps Submittal Sheets Contact Us
TERMS OF USE OF WEBSITE
1. Introduction
The web address www.multifittings.com is operated by Multi Fittings Corporation and its affiliates (collectively Multi Fittings Corp. or we or us or our). This Legal Notice applies to all pages of this Website (collectively the Website). The Website is subject to the following terms and conditions which set forth the legally binding terms for your use of the Website.
2. Your Consent
By using the Website, you agree to these Terms of Use (the Agreement). Please read this Agreement carefully and save it. If you do not agree to these terms, or our Privacy Policy do not use this Website. The Website is subject to the following terms and conditions which set forth the legally binding terms for your use of the Website.
We reserve the right to modify or otherwise update this Agreement at any time by posting the modified version on our Website and revising the effective date. Such changes will automatically be effective upon posting on our Website, and you agree to be bound by such modifications, updates and revisions. You should visit this page from time to time to review the current terms.
To obtain information about our privacy practices, please see our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated by reference.
3. Copyright
All content provided on the Website, such as text, graphics, images, etc., as well as collection, arrangement and assembly of all content on this Website is our exclusive property and is protected by copyright laws. Except as stated herein or authorized in writing by us, no material from the Website may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way. Any unauthorized use of any material contained in this Website is strictly prohibited.
4. Trademarks
The trademarks, service marks, trade dress and logos (Trademarks) used and displayed on this Website are Trademarks used under license. Nothing on this Website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on this Website and no such right is granted by your use of this Website. The Trademarks on this Website may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not ours, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits us.
5. Use of Website
This Website, or any portion of this Website, may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose that is not expressly permitted by us. We reserve the right to refuse services, and/or cancel orders at our discretion if we believe that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to our interests.
6. Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
This Website is provided “as is” and without express or implied warranties of any kind, including without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for any particular purpose or non-infringement. We do not represent or warrant that this Website will be uninterrupted or error free. In no event, in regard to this Website or any other hyperlinked website, will Multi Fittings Corp. be liable to any party of any damages or injury caused by (including but not limited to) any failure of performance, error, omission, direct, indirect, special or other consequential damages including, without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or other data on your systems or networks or otherwise, even if we are expressly advised of the possibility of such damages. You acknowledge, by your use of this Website, that your use is at your sole risk.
Furthermore, please note that:
Any prices exhibited on this Website are not guaranteed to be accurate nor are they guaranteed to remain the same for any length of time. Multi Fittings Corp. reserves the right to correct prices at any time and to modify them without notice.
You should not rely solely on the description of our products or their properties on this Website or our catalog in order to determine whether it is fit or suitable for your needs. Rather, you should consult an Multi Fittings Corp. representative in this regard.
Not all Multi Fittings Corp. products described on our Website or in the catalogue may be in stock at the time of the order so purchasers should not rely on their constant availability.
Multi Fittings Corp. makes no representations whatsoever about any other website which you may access through this one. When you access a non-Multi Fittings Corp. website, please understand that it is independent from Multi Fittings Corp., and that Multi Fittings Corp. has no control over the content on that website. In addition, a link to a non-Multi Fittings Corp. website does not mean that Multi Fittings Corp. endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use, of such website. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of such items as viruses and other items of a destructive nature.
7. Applicable Law
This Website is controlled and operated by Multi Fittings Corp. from Oakville, ON and these terms or the use of this Website, including any matters regarding the validity or application of the terms of use, are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent Courts within the province of Ontario and Canada.
Go to Top