https://mybnow.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
General information
Welcome to our Privacy Policy page! When you use our web site services, you trust us with your information.This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we it, and what we do with it. When you share information with us, we can make our services even better for you. For instance, we can show you more relevant search results and ads, help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier. As you use our services, we want you to be clear how we’re using information and the ways in which you can your privacy. This is important; we hope you will take time to read it carefully. Remember, you can find controls to manage your information and protect your privacy and security. We’ve tried to keep it as simple as possible.
Right to access, correct and delete data and to object to data processing
Our clients have the right to access, correct and delete personal data relating to them, and to object to the processing of such data, by addressing a written request, at any time. The Meridian Business Group (MBG) makes every effort to put in place suitable precautions to safeguard the security and privacy of personal data, and to prevent it from being altered, corrupted, destroyed or accessed by unauthorized third parties. However, MBG does not control each and every risk related to the use of the Internet, and therefore warns the Site users of the potential risks involved in the functioning and use of the Internet. The Site may include links to other web sites or other internet sources. As MBG cannot control these web sites and external sources, MBG cannot be held responsible for the provision or display of these web sites and external sources, and may not be held liable for the content, advertising, products, services or any other material available on or from these web sites or external sources.
Management of personal data
You can view or edit your personal data online for many of our services. You can also make choices about our collection and use of your data. How you can access or control your personal data will depend on which services you use. You can choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from our web site by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone. If you receive promotional email or SMS messages from us and would like to opt out, you can do so by following the directions in that message. You can also make choices about the receipt of promotional email, telephone calls, and postal mail by visiting and signing into one of the client portals in the client access section of the website, which allows you to update contact information, manage contact preferences, opt out of email subscriptions, and choose whether to share your contact information with our partners. These choices do not apply to mandatory service communications that are part of certain web site services.
Information We Collect
Cookies consist of information that is stored on your computer’s hard drive for recordkeeping purposes. The
use of cookies is common on the internet, and many websites use them to provide useful features for their
customers. Cookies used on the MBG website do not identify you personally. Instead, they identify your
computer and allow us to monitor traffic on the website. This allows us to provide you with the information and
tools that will be most useful to you. Because no personally identifying information is stored in cookies from our
website, your privacy and security will not be compromised. Of course, you can choose not to accept cookies
from our website by adjusting your browser settings. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of
certain features and content on our website.
How We Use Your Information
Our web site uses the data we collect for three basic purposes: to operate our business and provide (including improving and personalizing) the services we offer, to send communications, including promotional communications, and to display advertising. In carrying out these purposes, we combine data we collect through the various web site services you use to give you a more seamless, consistent and personalized experience. However, to enhance privacy, we have built in technological and procedural safeguards designed to prevent certain data combinations. For example, we store data we collect from you when you are unauthenticated (not signed in) separately from any account information that directly identifies you, such as your name, email address or phone number.
Sharing Your Information
We share your personal data with your consent or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any service you have requested or authorized. For example, we share your content with third parties when you tell us to do so. When you provide payment data to make a purchase, we will share payment data with banks and other entities that process payment transactions or provide other financial services, and for fraud prevention and credit risk reduction. In addition, we share personal data among our controlled affiliates and subsidiaries. We also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example, companies we’ve hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data in order to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. We may also disclose personal data as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets.