http://mycoach.com/privacy-policy
Toggle search form
Toggle navigation
HomeExecutive CoachingNew Leader Assimilation (NLA)TestimonialsAbout Us Colle Davis’ ResumeClientsContact Us
Disclaimer Next Exit Syndrome
Privacy Policy
By mycoach in website business
Privacy Policy
The Privacy Policy for Concept to Licensing LLC and all affiliated websites related to Concept to Licensing LLC and American Business Etiquette Trainers Association.
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. (We can’t stand services that ask you for things like your gender or income level for no apparent reason.) We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our intellectual property rights.
We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
In our products, we aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what’s visible to the public, seen by search engines, kept private, and permanently deleted.
Below is our privacy policy which incorporates these goals: Creative Commons License (Note, we’ve decided to make this privacy policy available under a Creative Commons Sharealike license, which means you’re more than welcome use and repurpose it for your own use, just make sure there are references to us, Colle Davis, Phyllis Davis and to Concept to Licensing LLC from you, and if you we’d appreciate a link to WordPress.com, that’s where we got this, somewhere on your site. They spent a lot of money and time on the below and other people shouldn’t need to do the same.)
If you have questions about accessing or correcting your personal data please contact our support team at EMAIL.
Concept to Licensing LLC operates http://mycoach.com  and http://concept-to-licensing.com and others to be added. It is our policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, we non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Concept to Licensing LLC’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Concept to Licensing LLC’s visitors use our website. From time to time, Concept to Licensing LLC may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Concept to Licensing LLC also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on WordPress.com blogs. Concept to Licensing LLC only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that blog commenter IP addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to the Concept to Licensing LLC’s websites choose to interact with Colle Davis and Phyllis Davis and Concept to Licensing LLC in ways that require Concept to Licensing LLC to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that PFAS LLC gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog, member site and newsletter at WordPress.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Concept to Licensing LLC by purchasing access to the Akismet comment spam prevention service, for example, are asked to provide additional information, furthermore, information is necessary for the sale of Concept to Licensing LLC and it is necessary to gather personal and financial information required to process sales transactions. In each case, Concept to Licensing LLC collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Concept to Licensing LLC. Concept to Licensing LLC does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Concept to Licensing LLC may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Concept to Licensing LLC may monitor the most popular blogs on the WordPress.com site or use spam screened by the Akismet service to help identify spam. Concept to Licensing LLC may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Concept to Licensing LLC does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Concept to Licensing LLC discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Concept to Licensing LLC’s behalf or to provide services available at Concept to Licensing LLC’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Concept to Licensing LLC websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Concept to Licensing LLCC will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Concept to Licensing LLC discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Concept to Licensing LLC believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Concept to Licensing LLC, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a Concept to Licensing LLC website and have supplied your email address, Concept to Licensing LLC may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Concept to Licensing LLC and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Concept to Licensing LLC takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Concept to Licensing LLC uses cookies to help Concept to Licensing LLC identify and track visitors, their usage of Concept to Licensing LLC’s website, and their website access preferences. Concept to Licensing LLC’s visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Concept to Licensing LLC’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Concept to Licensing LLC’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Concept to Licensing LLC and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Comments
Comments and other content submitted to our Akismet anti-spam service are not saved on our servers unless they were marked as false positives, in which case we store them long enough to use them to improve the service to avoid future false positives.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Concept to Licensing LLC may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and at Concept to Licensing LLC’s sole discretion. Concept to Licensing LLC encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Colle Davis, Managing Partner, PFAS LLC
Phyllis Davis, Managing Partner, PFAS LLC
Privacy Policy
mycoach
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published.
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Please leave this field emptyFirst name *
Email *
We keep your data private and never share your data third parties.
Read our Privacy Policy.
You will receive a request for confirmation. Please respond and you will begin receive My Coach's Notes along with other subscribers.
Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.
Please follow & like us :)
Hire a Coach
LinkedIn Profinder profile for Coach Colle Davis
Read Our Blog
Remapping my Thumb
Hypnosis, Upgrading Your Success Software
She said to me, “I have no agenda.”
The Jester and the Advisor
Executive Coaching Guarantee
Leadership and Your Large Intestine
Your Mouth Gets Hired
Instant Trauma Relief or ‘Lizard Brain Training’
Interview Skills and Tricks
Ahead of the Curve
Machiavelli Was Right, Become a Kingmaker
Male Privilege – His/Her Perspective
Fear/Anxiety vs. Phobia
How to Hire the Right Coach for You
Performance Coach
Walking Away From a ‘Flawed Deal’
The Perception of Privilege
Only 5% Sort for Success
CEO’s in Waiting
Become a Leader in One Day
Business Stuff Terms of Service
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Please follow & like us :)
© 1994-2019, Colle Davis, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Made with
by Graphene Themes.