http://myersandstauffer.com/pages/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Last modified: July 2, 2020
Introduction
Myers and Stauffer LC (“MSLC” or “We”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you when you visit the website www.myersandstauffer.com (our “Website”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. For California residents, this policy is supplemented by our Privacy Notice for California Residents and Privacy Notice for California Resident Employees, Job Applicants, Contractors, and Similar Individuals.
This policy applies to information we collect on this Website. It does not apply to information collected by (i) us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by MSLC or any third party (including our affiliates); or (ii) any third party (including our affiliates), including through any application or content that may link to or be accessible from this Website.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you acknowledge and agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features or provide any information about yourself to us. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us using the contact information set forth below (see Contact Information).
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We automatically collect several types of information from and about users of our Website using automatic data collection technologies, including information about your web browser, your internet connection, your internet protocol (IP) address, the equipment you use to access our Website, your operating system, your time zone and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. We also collect information about the details of your visits to our Website, including individual web pages and resources you view or use, what websites or search terms referred you to our Website, your search queries on the Website and information about how you interact with and use the Website.
The technologies we use for automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer or device. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system (and potentially also third-party systems of content, software or application providers) will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Log Files.These are small files which track actions occurring on our Website and collect data, including your IP address, browser type, internet service provider, referring/exist pages and date/time stamps.
Web Beacons. Pages of our the Website may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit MSLC, for example, to count users who have visited those pages and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
We do not collect personal information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us.
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some content or applications on the Website are served by third parties, including content providers and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about any targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
MSLC uses Google Analytics to help us understand how visitors use our Website. You can read more about how Google Analytics collects and processes data at: www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us to present our Website and its contents to you, to help us screen for potential risk and fraud, for cybersecurity purposes and to improve and optimize the Website (for example, by generating analytics about how our visitors browse and interact with the Website).
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our Website users without restriction. We may disclose information that we collect as described in this privacy policy:
To our affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business, including but not limited to Google Analytics.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of MSLC’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which information held by MSLC about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our Website Terms of Use.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of MSLC, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of cybersecurity and fraud protection.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
Please be aware of the following, and note that some mechanisms are available to control your information:
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our visitors use our Website. You can opt out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Please note that we do not alter our Website’s data collection and use practices when we receive a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) on the NAI’s website.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
Website: www.myersandstauffer.com
Email: info@mslc.com
Phone: 800.374.6858
Phone: 800.374.6858
E-mail: info@mslc.com
Quick Links Contact Us
Who We Help
About
Careers
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Important Information from CMS For information about the availability of auxiliary aids and services, please click here.
This website uses cookies and similar technologies to recognize your browser or device, personalize content and assist with analytics. By clicking "Accept," you agree to our use of cookies and similar technologies. Please visit our Privacy Policy for further information.Accept