https://mylifeinsurancerates.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - mylifeinsurancerates.com
About Us
Blog
Contact
Disclaimer
Home
Post
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
About Us
All Blog Posts
Contact
Privacy Policy
As the owner of this website (mylifeinsurancerates.com),
we understands that your privacy is of critical
importance.  This
Privacy Policy describes what information we collect
from you via the
Site and how we use and disclose such information.
Our Use of Cookies
A
cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and
numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by
the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time
the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either
“persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be
stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date,
unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on
the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the
web browser is closed. Cookies do not typically contain any information
that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we
store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained
from cookies.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a) authentication – we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website;
(b) status – we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website;
(c) personalization – we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalize the website for you;
(d)
security – we use cookies as an element of the security measures used
to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login
credentials, and to protect our website and services generally;
(e) advertising – we use cookies to help us to display advertisements that will be relevant to you; and
(f) analysis – we use cookies to help us to analyze the use and performance of our website and services;
We
use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website. Google
Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The
information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports
about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Most
browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies.
The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version
to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking
and deleting cookies via these links:
(a) https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
(b) https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences(Firefox);
(c) http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
(d) https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
(e) https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and
(f) https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
Please
note that blocking cookies may have a negative impact on the functions
of many websites, including our Site. Some features of the Site may
cease to be available to you.
Interest-Based Advertising
Advertising Privacy Statement
This
Site uses Google AdSense for the purposes of placing advertising on the
Site. AdSense uses standard and widely-available tools for the
placement and serving of ads, including those provided by Google, Inc.
and its affiliates. We publish interest-based advertisements on the
Site; that is, ads that are tailored to reflect your interests. To help
understand your interests, Google and our other advertising partners
will track your behaviour on our website and on other websites across
the Internet using cookies.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses
cookies to serve ads on the Site. Google’s use of the DART cookie
enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to the
Site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of
the DART cookie by visiting Google’s user facing Privacy & Terms page.
By
using this Site, you consent to the use of such cookies and the sharing
of data captured by such cookies with Google, and our other third party
partners. You can view, delete or add interest categories associated
with your browser by visiting: https://adssettings.google.com.
You can also opt out of the network cookie using those settings or
using the Network Advertising Initiative’s multi-cookie opt-out
mechanism at: http://optout.networkadvertising.org.
However, these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you
clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained.
Affiliate Marketing
We
have affiliate relationships with other websites, including Amazon via
the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program (and potentially others).
These websites install their own tracking cookies on your browser when
you visit through one of the links on the Site. Their tracking cookies
assist in crediting the Site with a commission when you click a link to
their website from the Site & complete a purchase.
To manage your personal information with Amazon: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=16465241
Contact Forms & Email Addresses
1. We collect your name & email address when you submit a message using our Contact Form.
Your message will be retained indefinitely for customer service
purposes, but we do not use the information you submit for marketing
purposes.
2. We may collect your email address only if you
voluntarily provide it to us when signing up to receive an email
newsletter, or when entering a promotion. We will use your email address
for the purposes for which you provided it to us, and also from time to
time to send you emails regarding the Site or other products or
services that we believe may be of interest to you.  You may opt out of
such email communications at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe”
button in the email.
We will not share your email address with any third parties.
If
you are a resident of a country in the European Economic Area (EEA), we
do not wish to receive your email address, and will delete it if you
have provided it inadvertently.
Comments
When visitors
leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments
form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to
help spam detection. Visitor comments may be checked through an
automated spam detection service.
An anonymized string created
from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the
Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service
privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
If
you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name,
email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so
that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave
another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Registration or Account Data
We
may collect other information from you when you register with our Site
in order to use various features. Such information could include your
name, screen name, email address and password (if applicable). As you
use the Site, we could collect other data that you provide voluntarily.
If
you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a
temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This
cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your
browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to
save your login information and your screen display choices. Login
cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year.
If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If
you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
We
may use third parties to provide the functionality to allow you to
register for the Site, in which case the third party will also have
access to your information. Otherwise, we will not provide any
personally-identifying information about you to third parties, except if
required by law.
We
may use your personally-identifying information for a variety of our
internal business purposes, such as creating a better user experience
for the Site, diagnosing and troubleshooting malfunctions on the Site,
better understanding how the Site is used, and making personalized
recommendations to you.
If you are a resident of a country in the
European Economic Area (EEA), please refer to the section below entitled
“Additional Rights of EEA Residents.”
Embedded content from other websites
Articles
on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images,
articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the
exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These
websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional
third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded
content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if
you have an account and are logged in to that website.
What rights you have over your data
If
you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can
request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about
you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request
that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include
any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security
purposes.
Additional Rights of EEA (European Economic Area) Residents
If you are a resident of a country in the EEA, you have the rights, among others, to:
(i)  access your personal data
(ii)  ensure the accuracy of your personal data
(iii) the right to have us delete your personal data
(iv)  the right to restrict further processing of your personal data, and
(v)  the right to complain to a supervisory authority in your country of residence in the event that data is misused
If
you believe that our processing of your personal information infringes
data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a
supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in
the EU member state of your residence, your place of work or the place
of the alleged infringement.
You may exercise any of your rights
in relation to your personal data by written notice to us to the
following email address: support [at] rckpublishing *dot* com
Sale of Business or Assets
In
the event that the Site or substantially all of its assets is sold or
disposed of as a going concern, whether by merger, sale of assets or
otherwise, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership,
the information we have collected about you may be one of the assets
sold or merged in connection with that transaction.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We
may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most recent
version of the Privacy Policy will always be posted on the Site, with
the “Effective Date” posted at the top of the Policy. We may revise and
update this Privacy Policy if our practices change, as technology
changes, or as we add new services or change existing ones. If we make
any material changes to our Privacy Policy or how we handle your
personal information, or we are going to use any personal information in
a manner that is materially different from that stated in our Privacy
Policy at the time we collected such information, we will give you a
reasonable opportunity to consent to the change. If you do not consent,
your personal information will be used as agreed to under the terms of
the privacy policy in effect at the time we obtained that information.
By using our Site or services after the Effective Date, you are deemed
to consent to our then-current privacy policy. We will use information
previously obtained in accordance with the Privacy Policy in effect when
the information was obtained from you.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or the practices of this Site, please contact us.
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Terms & Conditions
Sitemap
Categories
Buying Life Insurance
General Life Insurance Topics
Life Insurance Agents
Life Insurance Rates
Recent Posts
What is Child Life Insurance?
What is Whole Life Insurance
What Is Term Life Insurance
What Happens if You Outlive Your Term Life Insurance
Life Insurance Sales: Preparing for a Client Interview
Fresh Look at Life Insurance for Single Women
Misconception of Cash Value Provision in Life Insurance