http://myoptplus.com/privacy-policy/
Apply for a Card
Toggle navigation
Prepaid Debit Cards
Card Options
Load Locations
FAQs
Access My Account
Apply for a Card
1-866-331-3063
Home
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
What does Opt+ do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.
Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.
Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us.
This information can include:Social Security number, Account transactions, Account balances, Checking account information, Transaction history, Wire transfer instructions
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Opt+ chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Opt+ share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
YES
NO
For our marketing purposes to offer our products and services to you
YES
NO
For joint marketing with other financial companies
YES
NO
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
NO
We don't share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
NO
We don't share
For non-affiliates to market to you
NO
We don't share
Questions? Call 1-866-331-3063
What We Do
How does Opt+ protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. We also maintain other physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect this information and we limit access to information to those employees for whom access is appropriate.
How does Opt+ collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
Open an account
Provide account information
Apply for financing
Give us your contact information
Show your driver's license
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your credit worthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for non-affiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies. Opt+ is affiliated with Speedy Cash and Rapid Cash.
Non-affiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies. Opt+ does not share with non-affiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you. Our joint marketing partners include credit card companies.
Other Important Information
For Alaska, Illinois, Maryland and North Dakota Customers.
We will not share personal information with non-affiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing - without your authorization.
For California Customers.
We will not share personal information with non-affiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing - without your authorization. We will also limit our sharing of personal information about you with our affiliates to comply with all California privacy laws that apply to us.
For Massachusetts, Mississippi and New Jersey Customers.
We will not share personal information from deposit or share relationships with non-affiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing - without your authorization.
For Vermont Customers.
We will not share personal information with non-affiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing without your authorization, and we will not share personal information with affiliates about your creditworthiness without your authorization.