https://myosh.com/privacy/
Phone: US Free Call : +1 (737) 201-1573
support@myosh.com
HSE Global Ressources
|   COVID Analytics and Resources
Privacy Policy
At myosh, we take privacy very seriously. We’ve updated our privacy policy (policy) to ensure that we communicate, in the clearest way possible, how we treat personal information. We encourage you to read this policy carefully. It will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
The defined terms in this policy have the same meaning as in our Terms and Conditions, which you should read together with this policy.
By accessing our Website and using our service, you consent to the terms of this policy and agree to be bound by it and our Terms and Conditions.
myosh collects Your personal information
The service involves the storage of data about a company and/or individuals. This data can include personal information. “Personal information” is information about an identifiable individual, and may include information such as the individual’s name, email address, telephone number, bank account details, taxation details, and health records.
myosh may collect personal information directly from you when you:
register to use the service,
use the service,
post to the myosh Community forum or on our blog,
contact the myosh support team, and
visit our Website.
You can always choose not to provide your personal information to myosh, but it may mean that we are unable to provide you with the service.
myosh may receive personal information from you about others
Through your use of the service, myosh may also collect information from you about someone else. If you provide myosh with personal information about someone else, you must ensure that you are authorised to disclose that information to myosh and that, without myosh taking any further steps required by applicable data protection or privacy laws, myosh may collect, use and disclose such information for the purposes described in this policy.
This means that you must take reasonable steps to ensure the individual concerned is aware of and/or consents to the various matters detailed in this policy, including the fact that their personal information is being collected, the purposes for which that information is being collected, the intended recipients of that information, the individual’s right to obtain access to that information, myosh’s identity, and how to contact myosh.
Where requested to do so by myosh, you must also assist myosh with any requests by the individual to access or update the personal information you have collected from them and entered into the service.
myosh collects, holds, and uses your personal information for limited purposes
myosh collects your personal information so that we can provide you with the service and any related services you may request. In doing so, myosh may use the personal information we have collected from you for purposes related to the services including to:
verify your identity,
administer the service,
notify you of new or changed services offered in relation to the service,
carry out marketing or training relating to the service,
assist with the resolution of technical support issues or other issues relating to the service,
comply with laws and regulations in applicable jurisdictions, and
communicate with you.
By using the service, you consent to your personal information being collected, held and used in this way and for any other use you authorise.
myosh will only use your personal information for the purposes described in this policy or with your express permission.
It is your responsibility to keep your password to the service safe. You should notify us as soon as possible if you become aware of any misuse of your password, and immediately change your password within the service or via the Forgotten Password or Change Password process (depending on the version of myosh used).
myosh can aggregate Your non-personally identifiable data
By using the service, you agree that myosh can access, aggregate and use non-personally identifiable data that myosh has collected from you. This data will in no way identify you or any other individual.
myosh may use this aggregated non-personally identifiable data to:
assist us to better understand how our customers are using the service,
provide our customers with further information regarding the uses and benefits of the service,
enhance small business productivity, including by creating useful business insights from that aggregated data and allowing you to benchmark your business’ performance against that aggregated data, and
otherwise to improve the service.
myosh holds your personal information on servers located in Australia
All data, including personal and non-personal information, that is entered into the service by you, or automatically imported on your instruction, is transferred to myosh’s servers as a function of transmission across the Internet. By using the service, you consent to your personal information being transferred to our servers as set out in this policy.
Currently our servers are located in Sydney, Australia and hosted by Amazon Web Services.  Your personal information will be routed through, and stored on, those servers as part of the service. Amazon Web Services complies with relevant aspects of security and is built to satisfy the requirements of the most security-sensitive organisations.  For more in AWS Cloud Compliance please see AWS Cloud Compliance.
If the location of our servers’ changes in the future, we will update this policy. You should review our policy regularly to keep informed of any updates.
By providing your personal information to myosh, you consent to myosh storing your personal information on servers hosted in Sydney, Australia.
While your personal information will be stored on servers located in Sydney, Australia, it will remain within myosh’s effective control at all times. The server host’s role is limited to providing a hosting and storage service to myosh, and we have taken steps to ensure that our server hosts do not have access to your data and that we use the necessary level of protection to protect your personal information.
If you do not want your personal information to be transferred to a server located in Sydney, Australia, you should not provide myosh with your personal information or use the service.
myosh takes steps to protect your personal information
myosh is committed to protecting the security of your personal information and we take all reasonable precautions to protect it from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. Your personal information is stored on secure servers that have SSL Certificates. You can find out more about our security arrangements and our data protection measures on our security page.
However, the Internet is not in itself a secure environment and we cannot give an absolute assurance that your information will be secure at all times. Transmission of personal information over the Internet is at your own risk and you should only enter, or instruct the entering of, personal information to the service within a secure environment.
We will advise you at the first reasonable opportunity upon discovering or being advised of a security breach where your personal information is lost, stolen, accessed, used, disclosed, copied, modified, or disposed of by any unauthorised persons or in any unauthorised manner.
myosh only discloses your personal information in limited circumstances
myosh will only disclose the personal information you have provided to us to entities outside the myosh group of companies if it is necessary and appropriate to facilitate the purpose for which your personal information was collected pursuant to this policy, including the provision of the service.
myosh will not otherwise disclose your personal information to a third party unless you have provided your express consent. However, you should be aware that myosh may be required to disclose your personal information without your consent in order to comply with any court orders, subpoenas, or other legal process or investigation including by tax authorities, if such disclosure is required by law. Where possible and appropriate, we will notify you if we are required by law to disclose your personal information.
The third parties who host our servers do not control and are not permitted to access or use your personal information except for the limited purpose of storing the information. This means that, for the purposes of Australian privacy legislation and Australian users of the service, myosh does not currently “disclose” personal information to third parties located overseas.
myosh does not store your credit card details
If you pay for the service by credit card, your credit card details are not stored by the service and cannot be accessed by myosh staff. Credit Card details are encrypted for transmission and securely stored by eWay which complies with PCI-DSS.
Your credit card details are encrypted and securely stored by eWay to enable myosh to automatically bill your credit card on a recurring basis. You should review eWay’s Privacy policy and Terms of Use to ensure you are happy with it.
You may request access to Your personal information
It is your responsibility to ensure that the personal information you provide to us is accurate, complete and up-to-date. You may request access to the information we hold about you, or request that we update or correct any personal information we hold about you, by setting out your request in writing and sending it to us at privacy@myosh.com.
myosh will process your request as soon as reasonably practicable, provided we are not otherwise prevented from doing so on legal grounds. If we are unable to meet your request, we will let you know why. For example, it may be necessary for us to deny your request if it would have an unreasonable impact on the privacy or affairs of other individuals, or if it is not reasonable and practicable for us to process your request in the manner you have requested. In some circumstances, it may be necessary for us to seek to arrange access to your personal information through a mutually agreed intermediary (for example, the Subscriber).
We’ll only keep your personal information for as long as we require it for the purposes of providing you with the service. However, we may also be required to keep some of your personal information for specified periods of time.
myosh uses cookies
In providing the service, myosh utilises “cookies”. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer for record-keeping purposes. A cookie does not identify you personally or contain any other information about you, but it does identify your computer.
We and some of our affiliates and third-party service providers may use a combination of “persistent cookies” (cookies that remain on your hard drive for an extended period of time) and “session ID cookies” (cookies that expire when you close your browser) on the Website to, for example, track overall site usage, and track and report on your use and interaction with ad impressions and ad services.
You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie so that you will have an opportunity to either accept or reject it in each instance. However, you should note that refusing cookies may have a negative impact on the functionality and usability of the Website.
We do not respond to or honour “Do Not Track” requests at this time.
You can opt-out of any email communications
myosh sends billing information, product information, service updates and service notifications to you via email. Our emails will contain clear and obvious instructions describing how you can choose to be removed from any mailing list not essential to the service. myosh will remove you at your request.
You are responsible for transfer of your data to third-party applications
The service may allow you, the Subscriber, or another Invited User within the relevant subscription to the service to transfer data, including your personal information, electronically to and from third-party applications. myosh has no control over, and takes no responsibility for, the privacy practices or content of these applications. you are responsible for checking the privacy policy of any such applications so that you can be informed of how they will handle personal information.
myosh has a privacy complaints process
If you wish to complain about how we have handled your personal information, please provide our Privacy Officer with full details of your complaint and any supporting documentation:
by e-mail at privacy@myosh.com, or
by letter to The Privacy Officer, myosh , PO Box 1118 ,Joondalup, WA6919, Australia
Our Privacy Officer will endeavour to:
provide an initial response to your query or complaint within 10 business days, and
investigate and attempt to resolve your query or complaint within 30 business days or such longer period as is necessary and notified to you by our Privacy Officer.
This policy may be updated from time to time
myosh reserves the right to change this policy at any time, and any amended policy is effective upon posting to the myosh website. myosh will make every effort to communicate any significant changes to you via email or notification via the service.
Your continued use of the service will be deemed acceptance of any amended policy.
Last updated: November 2018
Safety management software for every business.
© 2020 myosh.
myosh Products
myosh Classic
myosh Custom
myosh Enterprise
myosh Partners
myosh Wellbeing
myosh Services
myosh Events
Safety Jobs
Certification (CmP)
Assistant
myosh Training
Consultation
Contact myosh
Email: support@myosh.com
Phone: 1300 469 674
Legal: | Security | Privacy | Terms and Conditions | GDPR Centre
myosh COVID-19 Update
Safety and compliance software for every business.
© 2019 myosh.
myosh Products
myosh 365
myosh Classic
myosh Custom
myosh Enterprise
myosh Partners
myosh Wellbeing
myosh Services
myosh Events
Safety Jobs
Certification (CmP)
Assistant
myosh Training
Consultation
Contact myosh
Head Office
8/7 Hector Street West, Osborne Park, Western Australia
Phone: 1300 469 674
Email: support@myosh.com
Legal: | Security | Privacy | Terms and Conditions
Copyright 2019 | Website by Start Digital
MenuHomeAbout UsProductsmyosh Classic – Small/Mediummyosh Custom – Largemyosh Enterprise – Globalmyosh Online Learningmyosh Partners CloseServicesCOVID-19HSEQ LibraryHSEQ NewsEventsWebinarsImplementationIntegrationSecurityCertification (CmP)ComplianceAssistantmyosh Academy CloseModulesCore Modules:Viking AnalyticsMobileDashboardAction ManagementIncident ReportingRisk Hazard ManagementManagement ReportsIntegrate 100+ Other Modules:COVID-19 Reporting ModuleLearning TeamsInspectionsContractor ManagementTraining ManagementOnline LearningQR CodesRisk AssessmentJob Hazard AnalysisJob Safety ObservationsSafe Work Method StatementsNon-ConformanceEquipment RegistersChemical RegistersAlertsDocumentsRecordsSafety MeetingsDiaryInjury ManagementHealth ManagementView More CloseClient SuccessMitchell ServicesCPC EngineeringArmaguardAdeccoOnsite Rental GroupLandcorp WAAction CateringAtlas Concrete CloseContact
Search for: