http://mypottery.com.my/copyright.asp#privacy
•  Pots & Planters
•  Garden & Pot Accessories
•  Specially Mixed Pallets
•  Your Account
•  Your Order History
•  Enquiries Form
•  Print Our Catalog
•  Terms & Conditions
•  How To Order
•  Our Company
•  Our Factory
•  Our Services
Register Now
|
Sign-In
|
View
Container
Home
PotteryShowroom
PurchasingArea
MembersArea
CompanyProfile
Contact Us
Fri, Dec 11, 2020
SEARCH BY :
-- Please Select --
•   Colors
•   Sizes
•   Designs
Copyright
All content herein this website of MYPottery, such as texts, graphics, images, logos
and other information is the exclusive property of MYPottery
and may be used solely for the purpose of general information only.
Any other use, including reproduction, modification or creation of derivative works,
distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance of the content contained
herein this website without written permission is strictly prohibited.
Privacy Policy
Our privacy pledge is that information given to us will only be used to enhance
the services that we offer. We are fully committed to protecting your privacy.
We will not collect any personal information about you except when you
knowingly provide it.
We use the information you provide about yourself or others to complete the
transaction for which it is intended. This may include administering a service
such as email, e-commerce, completing an order, shipping a product, submission
of an inquiry form, replying to support requests or contacting you if you have
indicated your permission to do so.
We are not involved in the selling, trading or alternative unauthorised use
of personal information. We do not share this information with outside parties
without your permission except to the extent that is necessary to administer the
services that we offer.
MYPottery uses a feature of your internet web browser called a
'cookies'. We use cookies as a tool to ensure that the correct data is being sent
to your computer. No personal details are contained in the cookie, and they are
not used to retrieve any personal information.
© 2020 MY POTTERY (M) SDN. BHD. All rights reserved.
Copyright |
Privacy Policy