https://nai-consulting.com/consultant-privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Numerof & Associates, Inc. (“Numerof” or “We”) and our affiliates are committed to protecting the privacy and security of those who use our site.
The following privacy policy discloses how we collect, use and protect your personal information. By visiting the Numerof website (“Site”) you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. We may modify it periodically to address new issues and reflect changes on our website. So, please refer back to this policy regularly when visiting the Numerof site.
What kind of information do we collect?
You can visit this Site without telling us who you are or providing us with any information. We may collect personally-identifying information on certain areas of the Site when users request resources, apply for jobs or register for seminars. Such personally-identifying information which is saved in a secure environment, may consist of company or organization affiliations, titles, contact information and, for recruiting purposes, any other personally-identifying information that you provide.
How may my personally-identifying information be used?
Numerof uses your personally-identifying information to fulfill your requests for resources or other information, and to evaluate any job applications or other employment-related inquiry that you may submit. Numerof may also uses personally-identifying information, when provided, to perform statistical analyses of user behavior in order to measure interest in specific areas and articles posted on our Site.
Is personally-identifying information disclosed to third parties?
Numerof will not knowingly disclose your personally-identifying information to third parties (i.e., persons or entities that are not affiliates of Numerof) unless required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process served upon us or our agents, representatives and affiliates; (2) protect and defend our rights and property or those of our users; and/or (3) protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
What about links to third-party websites?
We may provide links to third-party websites as a service to our users. Please be aware that we cannot control and are not responsible for the information collection practices of such third-party websites, which may differ from those of this Site. We encourage you to review and understand the privacy policies on these websites before providing any information to them.
How can I update and/or delete my information?
You may update and/or delete any personally-identifying information that you submitted to the Site at any time. You may also unsubscribe from mailing lists on the Site. To do so, please either follow the instructions on mailings or emails you have received, or contact us.
Security
Numerof has implemented generally accepted standards of technology and operational security in order to protect personally-identifying information from loss, misuse, alteration, or destruction. Only authorized Numerof personnel are provided access to personally-identifying information, and these employees are required to treat this information as confidential. Despite these precautions, Numerof cannot guarantee that unauthorized persons will not obtain access to your personally-identifying information.
Children’s online privacy protection
This Site is not intentionally designed for or directed toward children 13 years of age or younger, and Numerof will not intentionally collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us.
By helping our clients take on today’s challenges and anticipate tomorrow’s, we aren’t just helping them envision a better future. We’re helping them create it.