https://namsa.com/privacy-statement/
Login
Services
Product Development Strategy
Medical Device Testing
Biological Safety Consulting
Clinical Research
Regulatory & Quality
Medical Writing
Reimbursement
IVD
MRO Program
Therapeutic Expertise
Resources
Resource Library
Blog
Podcasts
NAMSA Test Navigators
E-Learning
EU MDR & IVDR Planning
COVID-19 Resources
FAQ
Events
About
Client Testimonials
Our Values
Our History
Our Accreditations & Certifications
Careers
Contact Us
Locations & Contact
International Sites
United Kingdom
France
Germany
China
Japan
Go to Client Portal
Privacy Statement
Updated as of May 18, 2020
NAMSA is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This NAMSA Privacy Notice (“Privacy Notice”) applies to the NAMSA Websites, our mobile website, and any other web-based platforms (collectively, the “Websites”) and governs our data collection and usage. Access to and use of the Websites, and the services provided on the Websites (collectively, the “Service”), will be subject to this Privacy Notice as set forth below.
This notice does not apply to information collected or obtained by any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Sites.
By accessing, browsing, or otherwise using the Websites, you acknowledge and consent to our collection and use of information as set forth in this Privacy Notice. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY NOTICE CAREFULLY. YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITES CONSTITUTES YOUR CONSENT TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE. DO NOT USE THE WEBSITES OR SERVICES IF YOU ARE UNWILLING OR UNABLE TO CONSENT TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE.
This Privacy Notice applies only to your use of the Websites and Services, and was last updated as of May 18, 2020. NAMSA may revise this Privacy Notice at any time and such revision shall be posted here and accessible via this link: www.namsa.com/privacy-policy/. Any revision and/or addition to this Privacy Notice shall become effective and binding on you when you continue to use the Websites or Services on or after the effective date of such revision and/or addition.
Collection of your Personal Information
Information you Choose to Provide to NAMSA
When using the Websites or Services, you may choose to provide NAMSA with certain Personal Information, including:
Your name and contact information;
Your telephone number;
Your home or work address;
Demographic information, such as ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
Information NAMSA Collects Automatically
NAMSA also automatically collects information about your computer hardware and software. This information can include:
Your IP address,
Browser type,
Domain names,
Access times, and
Referring Website addresses.
This information is used by NAMSA for the operation of the Service, to maintain quality of the Service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Websites. This information is de-identified and does not contain any Personal Information.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through NAMSA public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others who are not associated with NAMSA.
Use of your Personal Information
In general, NAMSA does not and will not share your personally identifiable information except as set forth in this Privacy Notice. We do not sell, transfer, and/or share your personally identifiable information with third parties for their own marketing purposes. NAMSA does not read or view any of your private online communications.
We use the information we collect from you when you use our Websites or Services in the following manner:
Categories of Personal Information
Use of Information
Identification information, application usage data (e.g., features/pages accessed by a member), location data (GPS).
To operate and improve the Websites and Services.
Identification information, application usage data (e.g., features/pages accessed by a member), location data (GPS).
To understand and analyze information related to the number and type of visitors that browse and use the Websites.
Name, phone number, mailing address, email address.
To provide you with information, products, or Services that you request from NAMSA, or that may be of interest to you, either from NAMSA or its third-parties.
Name, phone number, mailing address, email address.
To respond to your comments, inquiries and questions and provide customer Services.
Name, phone number, mailing address, email address.
To permit you to participate in social sharing, including live social media feeds.
Name, phone number, mailing address, email address.
To contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current Services or of potential new Services that may be offered.
Name, phone number, mailing address, email address.
To send administrative information to you, for example, information regarding the Websites and changes to NAMSA’s terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information may be important to your use of the Websites, you may not opt-out of receiving these communications.
Name, mailing address, email address, phone number, demographic information.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Websites or to participate in webinars and other information resources offered through the Websites and to administer these activities, as applicable.
Name, mailing address, email address, phone number, demographic information.
To link or combine with other personal information we get from third-parties, to help understand your needs and provide you with better information on the Websites.
Name, mailing address, email address, phone number, demographic information.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it or for which you have given us consent to use it.
You can opt-out of certain use(s) of your personal information, as described below.
NAMSA may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
Access to your Personal Information
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WILL NOT BE SOLD. NAMSA may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your Personal Information except to provide these Services to NAMSA, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
NAMSA may disclose your Personal Information to our subsidiaries and affiliates to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it, for example, to provide you with a requested communication. NAMSA does not use or disclose sensitive Personal Information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
In addition to the above, NAMSA may be required to disclose your information to (i) comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process (including to respond to requests from public or government authorities, including public or government authorities outside your country of residence), (ii) to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities, (iii) to protect the rights and property of NAMSA, and others to enforce our agreements, and this Privacy Notice and the Terms of Use, including to protect the security or integrity of the Website or our information systems, (iv) in an emergency to protect person or property, (v) as may be needed on a confidential basis to support a corporate transaction (including a merger, acquisition, divestiture, financing, or sale of assets or lines of business), or (vi) on an aggregated basis for any purpose in which your specific personal information is blinded, masked or otherwise not identifiable. NAMSA may also exchange information with third parties for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Use of Cookies
NAMSA’s Websites and some of the Services use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters that are placed by a Web page server on the hard disk on your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize NAMSA pages, or register with NAMSA site or Services, a cookie helps NAMSA to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your Personal Information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same NAMSA Website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the NAMSA features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the NAMSA Services or Websites you visit. Please consult our Cookie Policy for more information about the type of cookies and tracking technologies that NAMSA uses on its Websites and why, and how to accept and reject them.
Security of your Personal Information
NAMSA secures your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, implementing appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk, including inter alia as appropriate. NAMSA secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. When Personal Information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Data Rights
You can always opt not to disclose information to NAMSA. However, some information may be needed to register with NAMSA or for NAMSA to provide its Services.
Cookies
You can accept or reject cookies through our Cookie Policy or by changing the cookie settings on your web browser controls. Please consult our Cookie Policy, available at https://www.namsa.com/namsa-cookies-policy/ for more information about our use of cookies and how to accept and reject them.
Marketing Communications
At any time, you can withdraw your consent and opt-out of receiving promotional or marketing communications from NAMSA by using the unsubscribe link in the emails communications or by sending an email to privacy@namsa.com.
If you have any account for our Services, NAMSA will still send you non-promotional communications, like service-related emails.
Exercising Your Data Subject Rights
You may have the right to access, review, update, rectify, and delete any Personal Information that NAMSA holds about you, or exercise any other data subject rights available to you under applicable data protection laws. In order to exercise your data subject rights, you can send an email to privacy@namsa.com. NAMSA’s Privacy Team will review any request and respond within a reasonable time.
NAMSA will retain any Personal Information to the extent necessary to comply with NAMSA’s legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce NAMSA’s agreements.
International Data Transfers
Personal Information you submit on the Websites or through the Services is sent to the United States and will be primarily processed by NAMSA in the United States and potentially in other countries. These countries may not have similar data protection laws to those in your country of residence. However, NAMSA is committed to protecting your information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and is self-certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield frameworks. For more information on NAMSA’s compliance with these frameworks, please visit our NAMSA EU – U.S. AND SWISS – U.S. PRIVACY SHIELD Statement.
Data Retention
NAMSA stores your information for as long as necessary to serve the business purposes for which it was collected and in conformance with applicable data protection laws. For additional information on the retention periods for any specific type of Personal Information subject to this Privacy Notice, please contact privacy@namsa.com.
California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws provides California residents (i.e., consumers) with specific rights regarding Personal Information. This section of the Privacy Notice describes those CCPA rights and how to exercise those rights. This section does not apply to publicly available information.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
California residents have the right to request that NAMSA disclose certain information to you about NAMSA’s collection and use of your Personal Information over the past twelve (12) months. Once NAMSA receives and confirms a verifiable consumer request from you, NAMSA will disclose to you, to the extent permitted by law:
The categories of Personal Information NAMSA collected about you.
The categories of sources for your Personal Information NAMSA collected about you.
NAMSA’s business or commercial purpose for collecting your Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom NAMSA shares your Personal Information.
If we disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
You shall have the right to request that the information described above be provided to you in a portable and readily usable format, to the extent technically feasible (“data portability”).
NAMSA does not sell your personal information.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that NAMSA delete certain of your Personal Information that NAMSA collected from and/or related to you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.
To the extent that NAMSA can delete your Personal Information, once NAMSA receives and confirms your verifiable consumer request, NAMSA will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for NAMSA or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which NAMSA collected your Personal Information, provide a good or service that you requested, or take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Your Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to NAMSA by either:
Contacting us at privacy@namsa.com; or
Calling NAMSA, at +1-866-666-9455(toll free).
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows NAMSA to reasonably verify you are the person about whom NAMSA collected Personal Information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows NAMSA to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
NAMSA cannot respond to your request or provide you with your Personal Information if NAMSA cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with NAMSA. We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request. Any disclosures provided pursuant to the CCPA will only cover the 12-month period preceding the receipt of the verifiable consumer request.
NAMSA will respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt, or notify you that NAMSA requires more time to respond and the reason for the extended response time. NAMSA will deliver its written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
To the extent that your verifiable consumer request is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded, NAMSA may charge a reasonable fee to respond to such request.
NAMSA will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, NAMSA will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Additional Terms for EU Visitors
To the extent that you are accessing the Websites from a location within the European Union, the following information shall apply to the collection and processing of your Personal Information.
The data controller for the Websites is NAMSA. NAMSA processes Personal Information it collects through the Websites for NAMSA’s legitimate business purposes, as described above.
EU-US Privacy Shield and Swiss-US Privacy Shield
NAMSA is self-certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield frameworks. For more information on NAMSA’s compliance with these frameworks, please visit our NAMSA EU – U.S. AND SWISS – U.S. PRIVACY SHIELD Statement.
EU User Rights
If you are a NAMSA user in the EU, you have the following rights with respect to NAMSA’s processing of your personal information. To exercise these rights, please see below.
Users outside the EU may also request explanation, correction, deletion, or copies of their personal data, as described above in this Privacy Notice.
Explanation and copies of your data
You have the right to request an explanation of the personal information that NAMSA has about you and how NAMSA uses that information. You also have the right to receive a copy of the personal information that NAMSA collects about you if collected on the basis of consent or because NAMSA requires the information to provide the services that you request.
Correction
If NAMSA has personal information about you that you believe is inaccurate, you have the right to request correction of your personal information. Please see below for more information on correcting, or requesting correction of, your information.
Deletion
You may request deletion of your personal information at any time. We may retain certain information about you as required by law and for legitimate business purposes permitted by law. Please see below for more information regarding NAMSA’s retention and deletion practices.
Objections and Complaints
Users in the EU have the right to object to NAMSA’s processing of personal information, including for marketing purposes based on profiling and/or automated decision making. NAMSA may continue to process your information notwithstanding the objection to the extent permitted under GDPR.
In addition, users in the EU also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory data protection authority, contact information is available at https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en.
You may also submit questions, comments, or complaints to NAMSA’s Data Protection Officer, at privacy@namsa.com.
Grounds for Processing
The GDPR requires that companies processing the personal information of EU users do so on the basis of specific legal grounds. As described below, NAMSA processes the information of EU users based on one or more of the grounds specified under the GDPR:
The processing is necessary for NAMSA’s legitimate interests.
NAMSA collects and uses personal information to the extent necessary for its legitimate interests. This includes collecting and using information:
To understand how people use our products and services.
To perform background checks necessary to verify employment eligibility.
To provide customer support.
To optimize our service and develop new services.
For research and analytical purposes.
For direct marketing purposes. This includes, for example, analysing data to identify trends and tailor marketing messages to user needs.
The processing is necessary to fulfill NAMSA’s legal obligations.
NAMSA may process your personal information when we have a legal obligation to do so, for example, if we’re responding to a legal process or an enforceable governmental request.
NAMSA may collect and use your personal information on the basis of your consent. You may revoke your consent at any time. If you revoke your consent, you will not be able to use any Service or feature that requires collection or use of the information we collected or used on the basis of consent.
Exercising Your Data Rights
In order to exercise your data subject rights, or to inquire into more information, you can contact NAMSA at:
NAMSA World Headquarters
6750 Wales Road
Northwood, OH USA 43619
866.666.9455 (toll-free)
419.666.9455 (outside of U.S.)
privacy@namsa.com
NAMSA’s Privacy Team will review any request and respond within a reasonable time.
Only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf, may make a request related to your personal information. You may also make a request on behalf of your minor child.
NAMSA cannot respond to your request or provide you with your personal information if NAMSA cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a data rights request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a data request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
NAMSA will respond to a request within 30 days of its receipt, or notify you that NAMSA requires more time to respond and the reason for the extended response time. NAMSA will deliver its written response by mail or electronically.
Linked Websites
For your convenience, hyperlinks may be posted on the Websites that link to other websites (the “Linked Sites”). NAMSA is not responsible for, and this Privacy Notice does not apply to, the privacy practices of any Linked Site or of any companies that NAMSA does not own or control. Linked Sites may collect information in addition to that which NAMSA collects on the Websites. You should review the Privacy Notice of each Linked Site that you visit to understand how the information that is collected about you is used and protected.
Children
NAMSA does not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are under 18, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any Personal Information about yourself to NAMSA. If NAMSA learns that it has collected Personal Information from a child under age 18, NAMSA will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 18 may have provided NAMSA with Personal Information, please contact us at privacy@namsa.com.
Changes to this Notice
NAMSA reserves the right to amend this Privacy Notice at its discretion and at any time. When NAMSA makes changes to this Privacy Notice, NAMSA will notify you by email or through a notice on our website homepage. NAMSA encourages you to periodically review this Privacy Notice to be informed of how NAMSA is protecting your information.
Contact Information
NAMSA welcomes your comments and concerns regarding this Privacy Notice. Please contact NAMSA at the following contact information regarding any questions or concerns. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly respond.
NAMSA World Headquarters
6750 Wales Road
Northwood, OH USA 43619
866.666.9455 (toll-free)
419.666.9455 (outside of U.S.)
privacy@namsa.com
Subscribe to NAMSA Events Newsletter
Sign Up
Subscribe to NAMSA Events Newsletter
First Name
Last Name
Email
Company
Job Title (Optional)
By submitting this form, you are providing NAMSA consent to contact you directly regarding NAMSA’s services. The information you are providing will be processed and stored by NAMSA to better understand your product needs and interests.
At any time, you can submit a request to withdraw your consent for the use of information provided by you by emailing communications@namsa.com. For additional information, please visit our Privacy Policy or contact us at privacy@namsa.com.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Join the NAMSA Network
Update your profile, post comments on the blog; sign-up for events, webinars and classes; receive email alerts and more.
Register
Already have an account?
Please Login Here
NAMSA Client Portal
Login to the NAMSA Client Portal for sample submissions, testing reports, project tracking, and more.
Client Portal
Accreditations & Certifications
Site Map
Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
EU-U.S. & Swiss-U.S Privacy Shield
International Sites:
United Kingdom
France
Germany
China
Japan
+1 866 · 666 · 9455 (toll free)
+1 419 · 666 · 9455 (outside of USA)
Contact Us
+1 866 · 666 · 9455 (toll free)
+1 419 · 666 · 9455 (outside of USA)
© North American Science Associates, Inc. 2020
Website Design, Hosting and Maintenance by MVP Marketing + Design
WELCOME TO THE NAMSA NETWORK!
Loading...
Username or Email Address
Password
Forgot Password?
Remember Me
Looking for Client Portal?
Visit NAMSA Client Portal for sample submissions, testing reports, project tracking, and more.
Go to Client Portal
Login
Not a member yet? Please register here.