https://namsa.com/eu-us-swiss-us-privacy-shield/
Login
Services
Product Development Strategy
Medical Device Testing
Biological Safety Consulting
Clinical Research
Regulatory & Quality
Medical Writing
Reimbursement
IVD
MRO Program
Therapeutic Expertise
Resources
Resource Library
Blog
Podcasts
NAMSA Test Navigators
E-Learning
EU MDR & IVDR Planning
COVID-19 Resources
FAQ
Events
About
Client Testimonials
Our Values
Our History
Our Accreditations & Certifications
Careers
Contact Us
Locations & Contact
International Sites
United Kingdom
France
Germany
China
Japan
Go to Client Portal
EU-U.S. & Swiss-U.S Privacy Shield
NAMSA is a Medical Research Organization (MRO) that accelerates product development through regulatory consulting, laboratory testing, and clinical research. NAMSA is committed to individual privacy and reveres the confidence of its customers, clinical trial participants, business partners, Associates (employees), and others. We strive to collect, use, and disclose personal information in a manner consistent with the laws of the countries in which we do business, while upholding the highest ethical standards in our business practices.
The EU – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (the “Frameworks”) set forth the privacy principles NAMSA follows in regard to transfer of personal information from the European Economic Area (EEA) (which includes the twenty-seven member states of the European Union [EU] plus Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway).
NAMSA complies with the EU – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. NAMSA has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms of this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield principles, the Privacy Shield principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
EU – U.S. Privacy Shield
The United States Department of Commerce and the European Commission have agreed on a set of data protection principles and frequently asked questions to enable U.S. companies to satisfy the requirement, under European Union law, that adequate protection be given to personal information transferred from the EEA to the United States (the “EU – U.S. Privacy Shield”). The EEA has also recognized the EU – U.S. Privacy Shield as providing adequate data protection (OJ L 45, 15.2.2001, p.47).
The EU – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework is publicly displayed at www.namsa.com. For more information about EU – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework Principles and to view NAMSA’s certification, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s website at https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
Dispute Resolution
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, NAMSA commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact NAMSA at:
NAMSA World Headquarters
6750 Wales Road
Northwood, OH USA 43619
866.666.9455 (toll free)
419.666.9455 (outside of USA)
privacy@namsa.com
NAMSA has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request for more information or to file a complaint. The services of TRUSTe are provided at no cost to you.
Further, NAMSA commits to cooperate with EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) and comply with the advice given by such authorities with regard to human resources data transferred from the EU and Switzerland in the context of the employment relationship. The possibility exists, under certain conditions, for the individual to invoke binding arbitration as indicated by Annex I of the EU – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. NAMSA is subject to the investigatory and enforcing powers from the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
SCOPE
This Framework applies to all personal information received by NAMSA in the United States from the EEA, in any format, including electronic, paper, or verbal.
DEFINITIONS
For purposes of this Policy, the following definitions shall apply:
“Agent” means any third party that collects or uses personal information under the instructions of, and solely for, NAMSA or to which NAMSA discloses personal information for use on NAMSA’s behalf.
“Sponsor” means any individual, corporation, or other entity which contracts NAMSA to perform services involving the transfer, processing, or reporting of personal information on behalf of and under the instructions of said “Sponsor.”
“NAMSA” means NAMSA, its predecessors, successors, subsidiaries, divisions, and groups in the United States and globally.
“Associate” means an individual employed by NAMSA, or an affiliate located in one of the EU member countries.
“Subcontractor” means any individual, corporation, or other entity under written contract with NAMSA to assist in fulfilling the responsibilities assigned by the Sponsor or to meet business needs.
“Personal information” means any information or set of information that identifies or could be used by or on behalf of NAMSA to identify an individual. This includes but is not limited to information that: pertains to a specific individual, can be uniquely linked to that individual (e.g., by name, social security number, driver’s license), originated in an EU Member State, and is provided in any form. Personal information does not include information that is encoded or anonymized, or publicly available information that has not been combined with non-public personal information.
“Sensitive personal information” means personal information that reveals race, ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, views or activities, that concerns health or sex life, information about social security benefits, or information on criminal or administrative proceedings and sanctions other than in the context of pending proceedings. In addition, NAMSA will treat as sensitive personal information any information received from a third party where that third party treats and identifies the information as sensitive.
PRIVACY POLICY
NAMSA is committed to respecting the privacy of individuals. NAMSA has internal procedures to repeatedly review and monitor the use of personal information and to ensure it is used responsibly and that we comply with internationally recognized standards of privacy protection. Internationally recognized standards require that the processing of personal data, both automated and manual, meet the data protection principles as described in this EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.
NOTICE: Where NAMSA collects personal information directly from study subjects, study investigators, Associates, or other sources in the EU and Switzerland, they will be informed regarding the purpose and use of the personal information, the types of non-agent third parties to which NAMSA discloses that information and the choices, if any, that NAMSA offers individuals for limiting the use and disclosure of their personal information. Notice will be provided in clear and conspicuous language at the time of collection, or as soon as practicable thereafter and before NAMSA uses the information for a purpose other than for which it was originally collected. Notice may be given in person, by email, post, telephone, or by posting on the NAMSA intranet or website.
CHOICE: NAMSA will offer individuals the opportunity to choose (opt out) if their personal information will be disclosed to a third party or used for a purpose incompatible with the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individual. Affirmative or explicit (opt in) choice must be given if sensitive information is to be disclosed to a third party or used for a purpose other than its original purpose or the purpose authorized by the individual.
TRANSFER TO AGENTS: NAMSA may share personal information with its subcontractors or other agents of the Sponsor as required to successfully complete Sponsor activities or to meet business needs. NAMSA may, for example, provide personal information to vendors hosting databases, to core laboratories participating in the research project, or to study subjects that request copies of the personal information collected by the Sponsor. NAMSA will obtain guarantees from its subcontractors that they will protect personal information consistently with this EU – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. NAMSA may assume potential liability for onward transfers to third parties. Examples of appropriate assurances that may be provided by third party business partners include: a contract obligating or agreement with the third party to provide at least the same level of protection as is required by the relevant EU – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework Principles, being subject to EU Directive 95/46/EC (the EU Data Protection Directive), EU – U.S. Privacy Shield certification and Swiss – U.S. Privacy Shield certification by the third party, or being subject to another European Commission adequacy finding.
NAMSA will take reasonable steps to prevent or stop the use or disclosure if NAMSA has knowledge that third party is using or disclosing personal information in a manner contrary to this Policy.
ACCESS AND CORRECTION: Upon request, NAMSA will grant reasonable access to personal information it holds about individuals. NAMSA will take reasonable steps to permit individuals to correct, amend, or delete information that is demonstrated to be inaccurate or incomplete except where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual’s privacy or where the rights of persons other than the individual would be violated.
SECURITY: NAMSA maintains a high level of data security and has implemented appropriate physical, electronic, and quality system procedures to safeguard and secure personal information. Computer equipment, networks, programs, data, and documentation are maintained to high standards, and precautions to protect personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and/or destruction are in place.
DATA INTEGRITY: NAMSA will use personal information in ways that are compatible with the purpose for which it was collected or authorized by the individual. NAMSA will take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is relevant to its intended use, accurate, complete, and current.
ENFORCEMENT: Any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of personal information should be directed to NAMSA. NAMSA will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding the use and disclosure of personal information in accordance with the principles contained in this Policy. EU and Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact NAMSA at:
NAMSA World Headquarters
6750 Wales Road
Northwood, OH USA 43619
866.666.9455 (toll-free)
419.666.9455 (outside of U.S.)
privacy@namsa.com
NAMSA will provide an annual self-certification letter to ensure appearance on the list of EU – U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss – U.S. Privacy Shield participants.
TRAINING: NAMSA has provided its Associates with appropriate training to ensure that all individuals who process personal information are fully aware of their responsibility with respect to data protection.
LIMITATION ON APPLICATION OF PRINCIPLES
Adherence by NAMSA to these EU – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework Principles may be limited (a) to the extent required to respond to a legal or ethical obligation; (b) to the extent necessary to meet national security, public interest, or law enforcement obligations; and (c) to the extent expressly permitted by an applicable law, rule, or regulation.
INTERNET PRIVACY
NAMSA sees the Internet and the use of other technology as valuable tools to communicate and interact with consumers, Associates, healthcare professionals, business partners, and others. NAMSA recognizes the importance of maintaining the privacy of information collected online and some of our web pages may contain links to websites outside the NAMSA organization. Linked websites are not under the control of or endorsed by NAMSA. This Policy does not apply to linked websites outside the NAMSA organization. NAMSA’s Privacy Statement can be found at: https://namsa.com/privacy-statement/
Changes to this EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework
This EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield may be amended from time to time consistent with the requirements of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. We will post any revised policies on the NAMSA website.
EFFECTIVE DATE
05 December 2018
Subscribe to NAMSA Events Newsletter
Sign Up
Subscribe to NAMSA Events Newsletter
First Name
Last Name
Email
Company
Job Title (Optional)
By submitting this form, you are providing NAMSA consent to contact you directly regarding NAMSA’s services. The information you are providing will be processed and stored by NAMSA to better understand your product needs and interests.
At any time, you can submit a request to withdraw your consent for the use of information provided by you by emailing communications@namsa.com. For additional information, please visit our Privacy Policy or contact us at privacy@namsa.com.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Join the NAMSA Network
Update your profile, post comments on the blog; sign-up for events, webinars and classes; receive email alerts and more.
Register
Already have an account?
Please Login Here
NAMSA Client Portal
Login to the NAMSA Client Portal for sample submissions, testing reports, project tracking, and more.
Client Portal
Accreditations & Certifications
Site Map
Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
EU-U.S. & Swiss-U.S Privacy Shield
International Sites:
United Kingdom
France
Germany
China
Japan
+1 866 · 666 · 9455 (toll free)
+1 419 · 666 · 9455 (outside of USA)
Contact Us
+1 866 · 666 · 9455 (toll free)
+1 419 · 666 · 9455 (outside of USA)
© North American Science Associates, Inc. 2020
Website Design, Hosting and Maintenance by MVP Marketing + Design
WELCOME TO THE NAMSA NETWORK!
Loading...
Username or Email Address
Password
Forgot Password?
Remember Me
Looking for Client Portal?
Visit NAMSA Client Portal for sample submissions, testing reports, project tracking, and more.
Go to Client Portal
Login
Not a member yet? Please register here.