http://nanostellar.com/terms/
Skip to primary content
This website is owned by the company. By use of this website, you hereby agree that you are of
legal age and therefore, agreeing that you are subjected to the Terms of Service and the
website’s privacy statement. If you do not agree to with any part of these terms or you are not of
legal age, you should not continue viewing this website. The terms and services on this website
also apply to other versions of the websites operated by the company.
Website Content
The content under this website is intended for personal and non-commercial use only. The
company reserves the right to all content available on this website. Everything viewed in the
website is protected by intellectual property laws. No portion of this website may be replicated,
sold, published, circulated, altered, and exhibited. Should you wish to request the use of the
content, written consent from the company should be made. The request should then be
forwarded to the company’s main office.
Intellectual Properties
These trademarks and services included in the content owned by the company are subject to
intellectual properties. Therefore, you agree that no portion of the company’s trademark may be
altered and removed. Also, you agree that there will be no occurrence of copying, use, or
violation of these trademarks. Also, any submission of materials/content in the form of photos,
content, data, or any other information to the website, hereby grants the company a royalty-free,
irrevocable, fully transferable, sub-licensable right and license to alter, exhibit, issue, copy, and
otherwise use and exploit these in any form, media, software, or technology of any kind.
Company Rights
The company reserves any right to revise, amend, modify or delete any portion of this
agreement from time to time without prior notifications. Also, it is the company’s sole discretion
to oversee, refusal of publication, remove, erase, transfer, or edit any content without notice. By
using the Website, you agree that the company
(a) Has the power to oversee, refusal to publication, remove, erase, transfer any without prior
notification at any time for any reason; and
(b) Will not be liable and not need to provide a refund to any claims, actions, or judgments
caused by any of the materials or its modifications.
Representations
In agreement to these terms, you embody that
(a) You have provided the essential information, permission, and rights prior to the submission
of content to the website.
(b) The content provided will not violate any means or existing applicable law and damage any
individual or group; and
(c) The content provided does not in any form breach any intellectual rights or rights of privacy
of company or parties not affiliated with the company.
Indemnity
In agreement to these terms, you agree that the company remain free from any and all dues
and expenses arising from
(i) Any form of a breach that may arise from this agreement,
(ii) The user’s reliance and use of content found on this website; and
(iii) Any circulation, publication, refusal of publication, removal, or other use of the content
provided by the user.
Warranty Disclaimer
You accept that the use of the website and its content is at your own risk.
Termination of Service
You understand and agree that the Company may restrict or suspend your access to the
website in our sole discretion and without prior notice.
Miscellaneous
Your continued use of the website after we post of the amended Terms shall mean your
agreement to be bound by the changes. The company may modify, suspend or restrict the use
of any portion of the Website without notice or liability. These terms are governed in accordance
with the laws of (name of county) without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.