https://nanogap.es/home/privacy-policy/
Search here & hit enter...
Home
Custom Product Development
Technology
Products
Catalytic Materials
Conductive Materials
Antimicrobial Materials
Luminescent Materials
Custom Product Development
Markets
Catalysis and Sustainable Chemistry
Conductive & Electronics Market
About us
R&D Projects
International R&D Projects
National R&D Projects
News
News
Blog
Contact
Contact
Media Room
Privacy Policy
Private Area
Information Privacy and Legal NoticeIntellectual PropertyThis website aims to provide the public with information on products and services served by NANOGAP SUB-NM-POWDER, SA (hereinafter NANOGAP), established in c/ Xesta nº78-A2, Milladoiro, A Coruña (Spain), Telephone: +34 981 523 897 Fax: + 34 881 974 005, e-mail: info@nanogap.es . Registered in the Mercantile Register of Santiago de Compostela,  Tomo 3.080, Folio 70, Hoja nº SC-38.409 and CIF A70049408All rights in the contents of this website belong to NANOGAP except those belonging to NANOGAP`s customers and suppliers who expressly authorized it.This website may refer trademarks or registered trademarks of NANOGAP. It is prohibited to use them without the express prior consent of NANOGAP.  All other references to other trademarks or registered trademarks do belong to their owners.The materials and contents of this website are protected by copyright and any unauthorized use may violate the regulations on intellectual property. Consequently, the user accessing this website may not copy, modify, distribute, transmit, reproduce, publish, license or create new products or services derived from the information and elements contained herein. It is only authorized the mere viewing and downloading for informational and non-commercial use.DisclaimerThe information on this website is provided without warranty of any kind and may be changed or updated without notice.NANOGAP assumes no liability for content included by third parties on the links (links) referred to in this website. Establishment of a link does not imply in any case the existence of relations between NANOGAP and owner of the linked website, nor the acceptance or approval of contents or services offered on the linked website.NANOGAP can not be liable for any loss or damage resulting from the use or inability to use this Website, any website linked to this or the materials or information contained on any of these pages.Privacy and Protection of Personal DataNANOGAP is committed to respecting the confidentiality of personal data if provided by users of the Web page, under the provisions of Law 15/1999 of 13 December on the protection of personal data, and other applicable regulations, which will be included in a file, in order to manage the business relationship.Users may exercise their rights of access, opposition, rectification and / or cancellation in the terms established in the current legislation, by writing to the following address: info@nanogap.es
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Agree
Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Cookies and Privacy Policy
Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
disable
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Cookies and Privacy Policy
More information about our Cookies and Privacy Policy
Enable All
Save Changes