http://nanomt.com/privacy-statement/
English
chinese
Latest News
Contact Us
Sitemap
About Us
Management Team
Technology
Products
NPCC
Nano-D
Lubricant
Nano Solar Film
Application
Clean Energy
Solar Energy
R&D services
Facilities
Career
Privacy Statement
This privacy policy sets out how NanoMaterials Technology Pte Ltd uses and protects any information that you give NanoMaterials Technology Pte Ltd when you use this website.
NanoMaterials Technology Pte Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
NanoMaterials Technology Pte Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from January 1st, 2016.
We may collect the following information such as name and job title; contact information including email address; demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests; and other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons such as internal record keeping, to improve our products and services; we may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided and from time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We may use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways such as whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes; if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at hr@nanomt.com.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Personal Data Protection Act 2012. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to 21 Bukit Batok Crescent, #10-75 WCEGA Tower, Singapore 658065 or hr@nanomt.com.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Latest News
2016, October 4
Granting of ATO Patent in Japan
NMT patent named “Nanometric tin-containing metal oxide particle and dispersion,
2016, April 20
NanoMaterials Technology attend A*STAR SME Day on 5 April
2015, November 25
NanoMaterials Technology Signs Agreement with Santhiram Chemicals (P) Ltd to Supply Technology and Equipment for
PRODUCT FINDER
Here you can find detailed information about our products and
Find now
Contact Us
If you have any enquiry or comment to our branch, please fill in the form here. We will feedback to you as soon as possible.
Main office
NanoMaterials Technology Pte Ltd
21 Bukit Batok Crescent, #10-75, WCEGA Tower, Singapore 658065
Tel : (65) 6270 0733
Fax : (65) 6872 3372
Legal Disclaimer
Terms Of Use
Privacy Statement
© 2020
NanoMaterials Technology
Last Update : 2016/05/23