https://nasbite.org/privacy-policy/
NASBITE International |
Privacy Policy
Toggle navigation
Home
About Us
Our History
Who we are
Staff List
Contact Us
Membership
Membership Information
Member Discounts
Conferences
2020 Virtual Conference Archives
2020 Virtual Summit Archives
Conference Archives
Conference Policies
CGBP
Resources
Trade Tools
Partners
Sign In
Privacy Policy
NASBITE International Privacy Policy
National Association of Small Business International Trade Educators (NASBITE) International Website Privacy Statement
NASBITE International values your privacy and the following privacy statement covers the collection and use of personal information that may be collected by NASBITE when you visit our website or when you purchase NASBITE products and services online. Please take a moment to read the following to learn more about our information practices, including what type of information is gathered, how the information is used and for what purposes, to whom we disclose the information, and how we safeguard your personal information
Information Collection
NASBITE International collects personal information in order to deliver a superior level of customer service. In order to facilitate online transactions and allow user access to Members-Only features, NASBITE collects certain information such as names, addresses, telephone numbers, email addresses, membership IDS, and credit card numbers. In addition, your personal information helps us to keep you posted on the latest meetings, products, and events that you might like to hear about.
The NASBITE International website requires you to provide personally identifiable information in order to use certain functions of the site. By providing such information, you consent to NASBITE’s collection and use of it, as described in this Privacy Statement.
The information you provide may include information collected during the registration process, including contact information (name, address, phone number, e-mail address, dietary restrictions, website urls and titles) and financial information (credit card number). This information will be used to process your order and, if necessary, to contact you regarding the status of your order.
We may provide limited personal information to the following trusted providers to enhance our membership services and for the benefit of our members:
Survey Monkey, Crowd Compass, Magnet Mail
Abila (AMS provider)
NASBITE International understands the importance of minimizing the amount of Personal Identifiable Information (PII) data it maintains and retains such date only as long as necessary. We maintain organizational record retention procedures, which dictate the length of date retention to meet business, legal and operational needs.
NASBITE International will not ask your permission to collect or use aggregate information about website visitors or users of our products and services, since aggregate data does not identify you as a specific individual.
Information Disclosure
NASBITE International takes your privacy very seriously. Be assured that NASBITE International does not sell or rent your e-mail address to other companies. To help us provide superior service, we may share personal information with credit card processing companies, merchants, and any other third party that may need the information for your request to be processed. These organizations have their own privacy and collection practices, and NASBITE International is not responsible for their independent policies. At times we may be required by law or litigation to disclose your personal information. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary.
How to Opt-Out of NASBITE International Communications
We may from time to time send you information about our programs, products, and services via e-mail messages. If you no longer wish to receive our e-mail newsletter or promotional messages, you may opt-out of receiving these communications by following the “unsubscribe” instructions in the e-mail message or contact info@nasbite12.0438b14.netsolhost.com.
Use of Cookies
Like many websites, NASBITE.org uses “cookies” and other technologies to help us understand which parts of the website are the most popular, where our visitors are going, and how much time they spend there. We use cookies and other technologies to study traffic patterns on our website, to make it even more rewarding as well as to study the effectiveness of our customer communications. And we use cookies to customize your experience and provide greater convenience each time you interact with us.
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to disable or enable the cookie feature. Please note that cookies may be necessary to enable you to use certain features on our website.
Links
The NASBITE International website contains links to other sites. NASBITE International is not responsible for the privacy practices of such sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected on our website.
Information Security
NASBITE International will take every precaution to protect your personal information. All personal information collected on individuals will be kept confidential and in a secure environment. Access to personal information will be restricted to only those personnel with a legitimate business purpose.
Contact Us
By joining NASBITE International and consenting on this privacy policy you are giving us permission to process your personal data for membership services in NASBITE International and for purposes outlined above. You may withdraw consent at any time, or correct or update any of the information you provide to us at any time by sending an e-mail to info@nasbite12.0438b14.netsolhost.com, or by calling (443) 640-1064.
NASBITE International welcomes your comments and questions about the website, your experience with our site and services, and our Privacy Policy.
Calendar more
01/01/1970
Seminar - Global Trade Issues Forum
01/01/1970
Webinar: Mid-America Trade Summit
Our Partners
“M.E. Dey is full service Freight Forwarder and Customs Broker. With over 100 years of experience in international trade, we are capable to add value in streamlining supply chain programs”M.E. DeyLearn More »
“Established in 1989, the Organization of Women in International Trade International (OWIT), is a global association for women in international trade and business. Our 2,000-plus members impact hundreds of millions of dollars in trade and business transactions annually. OWIT’s focus is on adding value to our corporate, mid-sized, small business and individual members around the world. OWIT serves as the unifying body of a network of chapters spanning the globe in the Americas, Western Europe, and Africa. OWIT also supports a “Virtual Chapter” for individuals involved in international trade and business who do not have access to a local OWIT chapter where they reside or work. Membership in a local or the Virtual Chapter gives automatic access to the OWIT International network.”Organization of Women in International Trade (OWIT)Learn More »
“The National Association of District Export Councils (NADEC) increases awareness and understanding of the importance of exports to the US economy through education, legislative outreach, and engagement with DECs and other relevant stakeholders. NADEC is a non-profit corporation that maintains a 501(c)(6) federal income tax status.”National Association of District Export Councils (NADEC)Learn More »
“BGI Worldwide Logistics, Inc. is the on-demand freight transportation and logistics specialist providing domestic and international third-party logistics services to commercial customers. BGI specializes in delivering unique solutions to complex shipping problems. Our customers rely on us as their expert resource in an increasingly complex domestic and international transportation environment. For More information on BGI Worldwide Logistics:
http://www.bgiworldwide.com/ or email to sales@bgiworldwide.com
”BGI Worldwide LogisticsLearn More »
“We help educate exporters who want to find ways to expand their global sales efforts.
We also help trade specialists educate people who want to learn how to export. For the last hundred years, Commerce Bank’s International Department has been serving export companies across America.
We offer direct telephone lines to staff who know customers and their company’s needs. It doesn’t matter to us if you have one export transaction a year, just getting started, or are an experienced global company looking for better service. Our approach is to learn about your process, share best practices, and come up with ideas on how to help. Challenge accepted, so contact us today. For more information go to. www.commercebank.com.
”Commerce BankLearn More »
“Kompass is the leading provider of high-quality B2B information, with a database of over 43 million companies worldwide.
We will show you how to turn that information into lead generation, as well as covering advertising to a global market in 30 languages, and socially selling your business to the planet! The world is your company’s oyster, Kompass is the tool to open it. For more information go to www.us.kompass.com/”Kompass North AmericaLearn More »
“The Centers for International Business Education (CIBEs) were created by Congress to increase and promote the nation’s capacity for international understanding and competitiveness. There are 15 nationally designated Centers administered by the U.S. Department of Education throughout the United States.”Centers for International Business (CIBEs)Learn More »
Previous
Next
All Rights Reserved. © 2020
Contact Us
Sitemap
Privacy Policy