http://naturalexposures.com/about-us/policies/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Last updated December 27th, 2012
Natural Exposures, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy.
This privacy policy describes the privacy practices for Natural Exposures, Inc. (the "Site"), located at https://naturalexposures.com. Natural Exposures, Inc. owns and operates this Site.
Information we collect
We may collect the following information when your register on or fill out a form on our site:
First name and/or last name
E-mail address
Collected information uses
Any information provided by you is used to understand your needs and provide a better service. We may use your information for the following reasons:
To send periodic e-mails and to contact you for market research purposes
To personalize your website experience according to your interests
To improve our products or services based on your needs
Collected information security
In order to prevent any unauthorized access or disclosure of the personal information that we gather, we have in place electronic and managerial procedures to secure and guard your information.
Usage of cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer hard drive. Cookies allows websites to respond to you as an individual. You may choose to accept or decline cookies. Disabling cookies preferences may limit the full experience of our site.
Statistical Analysis
Natural Exposures, Inc. may perform statistical analyses of user behavior in order to measure interest in the various areas of our site (for product development purposes). In this statistical, we will disclose information to third parties only in aggregate form. Personal information about you as an individual client will not be provided to any third party without your consent, except under the circumstances described in Compliance with Legal Process below.
Compliance with Legal Process
We may disclose personal information if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of Natural Exposures, Inc.; or (4) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public (among other things, this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else, information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions).
Links to other websites
The Site may contain links to other websites of interest. We cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites; such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
About UsOur Services
Invitational Photo Tours
Rights-managed Photo Licensing
Contracting with Daniel J. Cox
Student Internships
Mission Statement
Contact Natural Exposures
Email newsletter signup
Bucket List Suggestion
StaffDaniel J. CoxTanya Smith CoxJill MangumRich KirchnerRay HerdinaColter SmithPatrice AguilarDice
Arctic Documentary Project (ADP)
Testimonials
Send Us Your Testimonial
Photography Gear I Use
Friends and Partners
Frequently Asked Questions
Policies
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Use
Photo Tour Cancellation & Liability Policy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled