https://naturalselling.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Natural Selling
HomeAboutTrainingTestimonialsFAQContactBlog
Members Login
Menu
HomeAboutTrainingTestimonialsFAQContactBlogPrivacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyOur Privacy Policy (dated 17.5.2018)We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.The information you need to know about us:We are Natural Selling and/or 9105824 CANADA INC. (herein referred to as ‘the company’), doing business as NaturalSelling.com.The Information We May CollectWhen subscribing to an email list with us, completing a survey, downloading tools or information, or buying one of our products, you may be asked to share information about who you are and your contact information. This will include but not be limited to your name, email, and phone number. Under some circumstances where billing or additional information is required, we will need an address.You should understand that any information that you provide via this website may be used by us to contact you regarding delivery of information, important notifications, promotional material, or any matter relating to NaturalSelling.com and related services, your request or use of this website.CookiesThis site incorporates the use of Cookies. Cookies are small data text files that are sent from a server computer during a browsing session. Cookies are typically stored on your computers hard drive and are used by Web sites to simulate a continuous connection to that site. In order to make our site more responsive to your needs, we use cookies to track and manage information relative to your specific interests. In this way we can tailor our site to your needs, deliver a better and more personalised service and track the pages on our site that you visit. The use of cookies automatically identifies your browser to our computers whenever you interact with our site. Your browser options allow you to disable cookies. You should note that if you do disable cookies, you may not be able to access all the services on this site.IP AddressesIP addresses are used by your computer every time you are connected to the Internet. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer. IP addresses are automatically collected by our web server as part of demographic and profile data known as “traffic data” so that data (such as the Web pages you request) can be sent to you.Information shared with service providersWe also share Personal Information with certain companies that perform services on our behalf. We only share the Personal Information which is necessary for them to perform those services. We require any company with which we may share Personal Information to protect that data in a manner consistent with this policy and to limit the use of such Personal Information to the performance of services for Natural Selling.The data processors we use for our business operations who process your data include:– ClickFunnels for marketing
– Hostgator.com who provide website hosting
– PayPal – credit card processing and payment services
– Stripe.com – credit card processing and payment servicesWe also use third-party web analytics services, such as Google Analytics, on the Site to provide us with statistics and other information about visitors to the Site. Click here to learn more about Google Analytics and how you may opt out.Anti-Spam PolicyWe have a no spam policy and provide you with the ability to opt-out of our communications by selecting the unsubscribe link at the footer of all e-mails. We have taken the necessary steps to ensure that we are compliant with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 by never sending out misleading information. We do not sell or otherwise provide Personal Information to other companies for the marketing of their own products or services.Third Party WebsitesOur Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Natural Selling. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site you visit.Social Media WidgetsOur Websites may include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. How long we keep your personal informationWe will keep your personal information until a period of 36 months has passed since you have engaged, clicked on, opened, or replied to one of our email communications.In certain circumstances, we have a statutory obligation to keep your personal information for a set period of time for example financial information (normally 6-7 years) for financial auditing purposes.How to keep your personal information up-to-dateIt’s important for both you and us that your personal information is correct. If you believe this not to be the case and you are registered on this website then please contact us and ask that we update your details. You can do this by submitting a support ticket at https://naturalselling.com/contact.Information requestsYou have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email us using the contact details in this policy.We will get in contact to verify your identity and if we do hold information about you we will:– give you a description of it
– tell you why we are holding it
– let you have a concise and clear copy of the informationCommunicationsWhen we are communicating with you regarding products and services you may be interested in receiving from us or our partners in the future our basis for processing is our legitimate interest (as we are communicating with you in the context of your corporate activity and identity and not in relation to your private life we believe this to be reasonable and fair behaviour in the context of our audience. Of course, you will always have the opportunity to object as detailed below).UnsubscribeYou may unsubscribe from our e-newsletters or updates at any time through the unsubscribe link at the footer of all email communications. If you have questions or are experiencing problems unsubscribing, please contact us at info@naturalselling.comShould you further wish for us to remove your information entirely (and assuming we have no other obligation to keep it) then please let us know and we will do this – but we would encourage you to let us use it for suppression purposes only.If you have a complaint please contact us using the contact information provided in this privacy policy so that we can address your request promptly.Your use of our servicesPlease be sure you are aware of these policy terms while you use our site. Should our terms change these will be shown on this page, and we may place notices on other pages of the website, so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it at all times.
About Me
PEOPLE HAVE ALL THE ANSWERS.All you need are the right types of questions.
Michael OliverVideo Testimonials
NEWEST POSTSThe Answer is in the Questions!“Would you like your shoes cleaned
[…]Why Your Leads Go Into “Witness Protection” – And What To Do About ItAn unfortunate and common occurrence in selling can be
[…]PS… How To Present Without Presenting!If you tell your potential customer as soon as you can
[…]How To Call Back Leads Effectively –
Without ANY Tension!In the Connecting Stage of the Natural Selling
[…]Discover the 3 main causes of rejection & objections...And then... How to eliminate them and make more sales!CLICK HERE TO DISCOVER HOW!
© Copyright 2018. Powered by HarpethDigital.com |
Login
Legal Disclaimer |
Privacy Policy |
Terms & Conditions |
Earnings Disclaimer
Important This site makes use of cookies which may contain tracking information about visitors. By continuing to browse this site you agree to our use of cookies. I Agree