https://naveo.org/privacy-policy/
×Close
Mobile Navigation
Bank
Checking
Savings
ATM/Debit Card
Additional Services
Shared Branching
Insure
Borrow
Home Loans
Auto Loans
Personal Loans
Student Loan
Construction Loan
Mass Save® Heat & Home MVP Loans
Mass Solar Loan
Bicycle Loan
Dreamer Loan
Credit Card
Skip-a-Payment
Emergency Loan
Business
Free Business Checking
Business Savings
Business Money Market
Business Certificates
Business Loans
Business Credit Card
Business ATM/Debit Card
Business iBanking
eServices
Mobile Banking App
Mobile Check Deposit
iBanking
Online Account Opening
Popmoney™
eStatements
Online Loan Center
Text/Email Alerts
24-7 Telephone Access
Financial Calculators
Online Check Reorders
Accessibility
Community
Social Responsibility
Community Partners
Scholarship & Essay Contest
Seminars & Events
Why a Credit Union?
Invest
About Us
Join Today
Contact Us
Locations & Hours
Privacy Policy
Security
Careers
Learn
Naveo is a local not-for-profit community financial institution
focused on serving its members/owners. Our mission is to assist our members with their financial needs
by providing them with products and services they need in a friendly, inviting environment.
Home Privacy Policy (current)
We value the trust that you place in us and in this online service. We know that members expect privacy and confidentiality in all dealings with our credit union, and we pledge that we will take the steps necessary to protect the privacy of information shared with us. No action can be taken involving your data without your prior consent.
Privacy Notice
What types of non-public personal information do we collect about you?
We collect and retain data from individual members including information we receive from you on applications and other forms and information about your transactions with us and other parties.
Do we disclose to any affiliated or non-affiliated third parties your non-public personal information?
We may disclose the following kinds of nonpublic personal information about you to affiliated or non-affiliated third parties such as financial service providers, ATM networks, and payment processors:
Information we receive from you on application forms such as your name and account numbers.
Information about your transactions with us or others such as account balance, payment history, parties to transactions, and usage of our system.
We will not reveal specific information about member accounts or other personally identifiable data to affiliated or unaffiliated third parties except as follows:
when the information is required to complete a transaction that you initiate;
when you request it;
when disclosure is required by law (e.g. subpoena, investigation of fraud, etc.); or when you have been informed about the possibility of disclosure for marketing or similar purposes and you are given the opportunity to decline or opt out.
We can personalize this service based on the information you provide to us, if you tell us you want this. However, if you prefer that we not disclose nonpublic personal information about you for marketing or similar purposes, you can opt out of such disclosures and direct us not to disclose any information except as permitted by law. By declining, you will not be included in personalized marketing offers from non-affiliated third parties.
Business relationships with third parties
We agree that we will not share information with third parties who do not adhere to similar privacy principles and practices as ours.
Children’s online privacy
The law requires parental consent to collect or use information from a child under 13. If you are a child under 13, please show this to your parents and do not use the online services of this institution without verifiable parental consent pursuant to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.
What is our policy relating to former customers?
If you decide to close your account(s) or become an inactive member, we will adhere to the privacy policies and practices described in this notice.
Information security and accuracy
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products and services to you. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal requirements to guard your nonpublic personal information. Procedures exist to ensure that member financial information is accurate, current and complete. Our staff responds to requests to correct inaccurate information in a timely manner.
Questions
It's your journey ®
iBanking
Login
Sign Up
Demo
Learn More
Check Our Rates
Apply for a Loan
About Us
Join Today
Contact Us
Locations & Hours
Privacy Policy (current)
Security
Careers
Learn
Third Party Site Disclaimer
×
By accessing the noted link you will be leaving our website and entering a partner site which is
hosted by another party. Please be advised that you will no longer be subject to, or under the
protection of, the privacy and security policies of our website.
We encourage you to read and evaluate the privacy and security policies of the site which you are
entering, which may be different than those of ours.
Proceed
Close
Sign Up
×
Please choose:
Personal Sign Up
Business Sign Up
Close
Question Form
×
Note! Please do not use the form below
to submit confidential, privileged, or sensitive information. The information submitted on this
form is not privileged. As with any information submitted over the internet, there is a risk that
the information below could be intercepted, viewed, or retrieved by a third party.
Are you a member of Naveo CU?
---MemberNon-Member
First Name (*):
Last Name (*):
Email (*):
Phone:
Question (*):
Captcha Answer:
Close
Note!
In order for us to provide the best member service and experience, we are temporarily
accepting applications for mortgages, refinances, home equity lines and home equity loans from
existing members only. The current rate environment has led to an influx of
applications and, in order for us to meet the demand, we are temporarily halting applications from
non-members.
We apologize for the inconvenience and hope to resume home loan applications from our neighbors and
community soon.
If you are an existing member who would like to apply online for a home loan, please contact
our Mortgage department at 617-702-5116 and we can direct you to our online portal.
OK
Back
to top