http://nbccollect.com/terms/
Request a FREE Quote Today!
Menu
Home page
Client Services
Collection Procedures
Collection Fees
Online Collection Form
Online Payments
Employment Opportunity
Contact Us
Client Login
Terms
Privacy
National Bond & Collection
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Sign In
Terms and Conditions
The following terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) govern your use of the World Wide Web Site located at nbccollect.com (this “Website”). This Website is intended for registered users only. By accessing, viewing, or using the content, material, or services available on or through this Website, you indicate that you have read and understand these Terms and Conditions, and that you agree to them and intend to be legally bound by them. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, you are not granted permission to use this Website and must exit immediately.
These Terms and Conditions may be changed at any time. Notice of any new or revised Terms and Conditions, as well as the location of the new or revised Terms and Conditions, will be posted on the Website for at least 60 days after the change. It is the obligation of users visiting the Website before the change to learn of changes to the Terms and Conditions since their last visit. Any change to these Terms and Conditions shall be effective as to any visitor who has visited the Website before the change was made.
This Website has been prepared solely for the purpose of providing information from National Bond & Collection and its affiliates and related entities (collectively hereinafter, (NBC). Without limiting the generality of anything else, NBC makes no commitment, and disclaims any duty, to update this Website or any of the information obtained through this Website, and it shall not be responsible for any errors or omissions in the Website. NBC reserves the right to add, modify or delete any information on this Website at any time, with or without notice.
Informational Purposes Only:
The information on this Website is for informational purposes only and NBC cannot guarantee that it is current, accurate or complete. Any information, services, or materials offered by or through this Website shall not be construed as or understood to be financial, investment, legal, tax or accounting advice of any kind and should not be relied upon as such.
Copyright and Other Proprietary Information:
Website text, graphics, design, selection and arrangement are all copyright 2018 National Bond & Collection, All rights reserved. NBC also owns a copyright in the Website as a collective work and/or compilation. Permission is granted to download and print materials from this Website only for the purpose of viewing, reading, and retaining for reference the materials for personal, non-commercial purposes. Any other copying, distribution, or modification of or preparation of derivative works based upon, or any framing, capturing, harvesting, or collection of, or creating of hypertext or other links or connections to, this Website or any materials on this site, whether in electronic or hard copy form, without the express prior written permission NBC is strictly prohibited. Removing or altering any copyright notice or any other proprietary notice on any Website materials is strictly prohibited.
All names, trademarks, service marks, symbols, slogans, and logos appearing on the Website are proprietary to NBC or its licensors. Use or misuse of these trademarks without advance written consent from NBC is expressly prohibited and may violate federal and state trademark law. All names, trademarks, service marks, symbols, slogans, and logos appearing on the Website may not be used without NBC’s prior written consent and may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not the property of NBC, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers as to source or sponsorship, or in any manner that disparages, tarnishes, dilutes, or discredits NBC.
NBC welcomes your feedback and suggestions about how to improve our products, information, services and this Website. By transmitting any suggestions, information, data, material, or other content (collectively, “Submissions”) to NBC, you automatically grant NBC the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, redistribute, transmit, perform and display any or all of such Submissions (in whole or part) throughout the universe and to incorporate such in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in such Submission(s). Further, NBC is free to use any ideas, concepts, methods, know-how, techniques, and processes contained in any communications you send to this Website for any purpose whatever, including, without limitation, creating and marketing products, information, or services using such information.
Disclaimers of Warranty and Liability:
This Website, the materials on and in and made available through this Website, and the services, information, and products offered by NBC in connection therewith are made available “as is” and “with all faults.” Use of this Website is entirely at your own risk.
NBC make no representations or warranties, and disclaim all representations and warranties, with respect to this Website, the Website materials on and in and made available through this Website, and the services, information, and products offered in connection therewith, express or implied, written or oral, arising from course of dealing, course of performance, usage of trade, or otherwise, including, WITHOUT LIMITATION, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy, COMPLETENESS, non-interference, quality, title, and non-infringement. The entire risk as to satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy, and effort with regard to any and all materials on and in and made available through this Website is with you.
NBC shall not be liable for any special, indirect, incidental, consequential, exemplary, extra-contractual, or punitive damages of any kind whatsoever, including, without limitation, lost revenues or lost profits, which may or do result from the use of, access to, or inability to use this Website, the materials on and in and made available through this Website, or the services, information, and products offered in connection therewith, regardless of legal theory, whether or not any party had been advised of the possibility or probability of such damages, and even if the remedies otherwise available fail of their essential purpose. Under no circumstances will the total liability of NBC to you or any other person or entity in connection with, based upon, or arising from this Website, the materials on and in and made available through this Website, or the services, information, or products offered in connection therewith exceed the price paid by you for use of this Website. Some jurisdictions do not permit the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, and, as such, some portion of the above limitation may not apply to you. In such jurisdictions, NBC’s liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
Indemnification:
You agree to defend indemnify, and hold harmless NBC and all of its respective owners, directors, officers, employees, representatives, proprietors, partners, shareholders, contractors, consultants, principles, agents, predecessors, successors, assigns, accountants, and attorneys from and against any and all suits, actions, claims, proceedings, damages, settlements, judgments, injuries, liabilities, obligations, losses, risks, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees and litigation expenses) relating to or arising from this Website, and the materials and information contained therein, your fraud, Violation of law, or willful misconduct, and any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions.
Use of the Internet and Third-Party Materials:
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, other sites that may be listed or linked in this Website are not under the control of NBC. Accordingly, NBC can make no representation concerning the content of these sites to you, nor can the fact that NBC has given you this listing serve as an endorsement by NBC of any of these sites. NBC is providing links to these sites as a convenience to you. NBC has not tested any software that may be found on these sites and therefore cannot make any representations regarding the quality, safety or suitability of any software found there. There are inherent dangers in the use of any software found on the Internet, and NBC cautions you to make sure that you completely understand the risk before retrieving any software on the Internet. NBC is not responsible for any content, information, products, services, or software offered by any other party or at any other web site. NBC does not control, endorse, promote, or have any affiliation with any other website unless expressly stated herein.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction:
These Terms and Conditions, including, without limitation, the Privacy Notice, represent the entire agreement between you and NBC with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede any and all prior and contemporaneous written and oral representations, understandings, and agreements, express and implied, and will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without reference to its conflict of law rules; provided, however, that the terms of any applicable law now or hereafter enacted that is based on, derived from, similar to, or connected with the uniform computer information transactions act drafted by the national conference of commissioners on uniform state laws shall not apply except to the extent that the law expressly prohibits alteration by these terms and conditions of the applicability of one or more sections of the law.
General:
By accessing, viewing, or using the works, content, or materials on this Website, you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts presiding in Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania, and agree to accept service of process by personal delivery or mail and hereby waive any and all jurisdictional and venue defenses otherwise available. This Website is controlled and operated by NBC from its offices within the United States. Without limiting anything else, NBC makes no representation that the works, content, materials, services, information, or products available on, in, or through the Website are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where they are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this Website from other locations do so on their own volition and are responsible for compliance with applicable laws. The waiver or failure of NBC to exercise in any respect any right provided hereunder shall not be deemed a waiver of such right in the future or a waiver of any of other rights established under these Terms and Conditions. Headings used in these Terms and Conditions, including, without limitation, the Privacy Notice, are for reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of these Terms and Conditions (or the Privacy Notice). NBC reserves the right to terminate your access to this Website in the event that you violate these Terms and Conditions or for any reason whatever or no reason, with or without notice, in addition to any and all other remedies available at law or in equity.