https://ncsurety.com/terms-of-service/
Terms of Service - NCsurety
NCsurety
Berita Nasional dan Internasional Terkini dan Terpercaya
Toggle navigation
NCsurety
Home
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA
Terms of Service
Home »
Terms of Service
Terms of Service
Terms of Service for Ncsurety
If you require any more information or have any questions about our Terms of Service, please feel free to contact us by email at ncsurety.com.
Introduction
These terms and conditions govern your use of this website; by using this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full and without reservation. If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website.
You must be at least 18 [eighteen] years of age to use this website. By using this website and by agreeing to these terms and conditions, you warrant and represent that you are at least 18 years of age.
License to use website
Unless otherwise stated, ncsurety.com and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights published on this website and materials used on ncsurety.com. Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages, files or other content from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
republish material from this website in neither print nor digital media or documents (including republication on another website);
sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
show any material from the website in public;
reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose;
edit or otherwise modify any material on the website;
redistribute material from this website – except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution; or
republish or reproduce any part of this website through the use of iframes or screenscrapers.
Where content is specifically made available for redistribution, it may only be redistributed within your organisation.
Acceptable use
You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of ncsurety.com or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities on or in relation to this website without ncsurety.com’s express written consent.
This includes:
scraping
data mining
data extraction
data harvesting
‘framing’ (iframes)
Article ‘Spinning’
You must not use this website or any part of it to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications.
You must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing without the express written consent of ncsurety.com.
Restricted access
Access to certain areas of this website is restricted. ncsurety.com reserves the right to restrict access to certain areas of this website, or at our discretion, this entire website. ncsurety.com may change or modify this policy without notice.
If ncsurety.com provides you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of this website or other content or services, you must ensure that the user ID and password are kept confidential. You alone are responsible for your password and user ID security..
ncsurety.com may disable your user ID and password at ncsurety.com’s sole discretion without notice or explanation.
User content
In these terms and conditions, “your user content” means material (including without limitation text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit to this website, for whatever purpose.
You grant to ncsurety.com a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your user content in any existing or future media. You also grant to ncsurety.com the right to sub-license these rights, and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights.
Your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party’s legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or ncsurety.com or a third party (in each case under any applicable law).
You must not submit any user content to the website that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint.
ncsurety.com reserves the right to edit or remove any material submitted to this website, or stored on the servers of ncsurety.com, or hosted or published upon this website.
ncsurety.com’s rights under these terms and conditions in relation to user content, ncsurety.com does not undertake to monitor the submission of such content to, or the publication of such content on, this website.
No warranties
This website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied. ncsurety.com makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, ncsurety.com does not warrant that:
this website will be constantly available, or available at all; or
the information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading.
Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind. If you require advice in relation to any legal, financial or medical matter you should consult an appropriate professional.
Limitations of liability
ncsurety.com will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website:
to the extent that the website is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss;
for any indirect, special or consequential loss; or
for any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.
These limitations of liability apply even if ncsurety.com has been expressly advised of the potential loss.
Exceptions
Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit; and nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit the liability of Ncsurety in respect of any:
death or personal injury caused by the negligence of ncsurety.com or its agents, employees or shareholders/owners;
fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of ncsurety.com; or
matter which it would be illegal or unlawful for ncsurety.com to exclude or limit, or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit, its liability.
Reasonableness
By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this website disclaimer are reasonable.
If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.
Other parties
You accept that, as a limited liability entity, ncsurety.com has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees. You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against ncsurety.com’s officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website.
Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect ncsurety.com’s officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as ncsurety.com.
Unenforceable provisions
If any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of this website disclaimer.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify ncsurety.com and undertake to keep ncsurety.com indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by ncsurety.com to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of ncsurety.com’s legal advisers) incurred or suffered by ncsurety.com arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms and conditions.
Breaches of these terms and conditions
Without prejudice to ncsurety.com’s other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, ncsurety.com may take such action as ncsurety.com deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
Variation
ncsurety.com may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time. Revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of this website from the date of the publication of the revised terms and conditions on this website. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
Assignment
ncsurety.com may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with ncsurety.com’s rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent.
You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
Severability
If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect. If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
Entire agreement
These terms and conditions, together with ncsurety.com’s Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement between you and ncsurety.com in relation to your use of this website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
Law and jurisdiction
These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of NEVADA, USA, and any disputes relating to these terms and conditions will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of NEVADA, USA.
About these website Terms of Service
We created these website terms and conditions using the TOS/T&C generator available from Privacy Policy Online.
ncsurety.com’s details
The full name of ncsurety.com is Ncsurety.
You can contact ncsurety.com by email at our email address link at the top of this Terms of Service document.
Search for:
Recent Posts
9 Cara untuk Menggunakan Kembali Cangkir Kertas
Pengertian dan Jenis-Jenis dari PABX
Proses Pencetakan 3D Menciptakan Sirkuit Transparan dan Fleksibel
HP Memperluas Pencetakan Tekstil Digital
Boarding Pass Cetak Check In Di Stasiun
Archives
September 2020
November 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
July 2018
April 2018
March 2018
December 2017
November 2017
October 2017
Categories
Alat teknik
Bisnis
Education
Elektronik
Infrastruktur
Kesehatan
Kuliner
Lifestyle
Marketing
Otomotif
Pendidikan
Pengetahuan
Property
Souvenir
Teknologi
Uncategorized
Meta
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org
October 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
« Sep
1234
567891011
12131415161718
19202122232425
262728293031
Proudly powered by WordPress
|
Theme: Online Store by Themes4WP