https://nealdisplay.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
Custom Build
Up to 12sqm
13-64sqm
65sqm and above
Custom Modular Stands
Funky & Creative
Corporate & Classic
Diverse & Spacious
Portable Event Solutions
Banner Stands
Twist Stands
Pop Up Stands
Literature Dispensers
Outdoor products
Retail/POS
Accessories Products
Conference Solutions
AV Support
Stage sets
Roadshows
Registration areas
Gallery
Testimonials
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by Neal Display Limited and protecting your data is if prime importance to us. Neal Display Limited is committed to protecting your privacy. Below we will explain how we use information collected about you and what security measures we have in place to protect your information. We have structured our website so that you can visit us on the web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. If you choose to provide us with any information by which you can be identified, you can be sure that it will only be used in accordance with these privacy guidelines.
Information we collect
If you complete our Enquiry Form the following information will be required:
your name
phone number
email address
Any other information you provide us with via the enquiry form is optional but will be treated in the same way as the mandatory information provided.
What we do with the information we gather
The information we gather is done so to help us understand your needs and to process your enquiry in order for use to contact you.
We will contact by phone the person who has completed the form.
We may send you information about your specific enquiry by email.
We may send you promotional emails about our services and offers.
Internal record keeping
Do we share your information
We will not pass on your information to any organisation outside Neal Display Ltd unless you have specifically requested for us to pass your details on to any of our Business Partners.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Neal Display Ltd, Mead Business Centre, Mead Lane, Hertford, SG13 7BJ. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect, please write to us as soon as possible at the above address. We will correct any information which is found to be incorrect promptly.
How we protect your information
Initially we will make a print of your enquiry and contact you. Your details will be added to our database for your initial enquiry and any future work. Should you wish to be removed from our database you can write to us at the above address or email us at enquiries@nealdisplay.co.uk and ask to be removed at any time.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your browser, which is then stored on your system. Please remember that cookies do not store personal data.
We use cookies for the following reasons:
Provide an improved website experience
Track the performance of marketing activity
Understand users behaviour on our website
Contact us
If you have any questions/comments about privacy please contact us.