https://nebrcul.org/privacy-statement/
Menu
Home
Advocacy
Political Affairs
State Advocacy
Federal Advocacy
Compliance
Solutions
Solutions Spotlight
Most Valuable Partners
Consulting & Planning Service
Professional Development
Awards
Educational Events
Chapters
Councils
News & Information
News Release
Public Relations
Industry Resources
Interest Rate Comparisons
About Us
Contact Us
Board Room
Privacy Statement
loading...
Nebraska Credit Union League is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Nebraska Credit Union League Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Nebraska Credit Union League website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Nebraska Credit Union League collects and uses your personal information to operate the Nebraska Credit Union League Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Nebraska Credit Union League also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Nebraska Credit Union League and its affiliates. Nebraska Credit Union League may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Nebraska Credit Union League does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Nebraska Credit Union League may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Nebraska Credit Union League may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Nebraska Credit Union League, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Nebraska Credit Union League does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Nebraska Credit Union League keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Nebraska Credit Union League, in order to determine what Nebraska Credit Union League services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Nebraska Credit Union League to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Nebraska Credit Union League Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Nebraska Credit Union League or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Nebraska Credit Union League; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Nebraska Credit Union League, or the public.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Nebraska Credit Union League secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Nebraska Credit Union League secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Contact Information
Nebraska Credit Union League welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Nebraska Credit Union League has not adhered to this Statement, please contact:
Nebraska Credit Union League at AShaw@nebrcul.org.