https://netforumpro.com/eweb/DynamicPage.aspx?Site=jpa&WebCode=privacypolicy
Processing, Please Wait...
This site uses cookies to provide you a better browsing experience. Detailed information on the use of cookies on this site is provided in our cookie policy. By using this site or clicking on 'OK', you consent to the use of cookies.
Event HighlightsRegistrationAgendaSpeakersHotel and TravelLeisure ActivitiesSponsorship OpportunitiesNew MembersAttendee ListOnline StoreHomeLoginPrivacy Policy
JUICE PRODUCTS ASSOCIATION Privacy Policy
Effective May 2018
In an effort to maintain efficient service while respecting the privacy of those who visit the JUICE PRODUCTS ASSOCIATION Web site (HTTPS://JUICEPRODUCTS.ORG/) and correspond electronically with JUICE PRODUCTS ASSOCIATION, JUICE PRODUCTS ASSOCIATION has created and posted the following privacy policy. This privacy policy is incorporated into and is a part of the Terms and Conditions of Use of our Site.
JUICE PRODUCTS ASSOCIATION is committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not sell, rent or lease to third parties the emails of members, Annual Meeting attendees or anyone else with whom we conduct business.
Information Collection and Use
We will collect personally identifiable information that you provide to us, including, but not limited to, your name, employer's name, address(es), telephone and fax number, e-mail address and credit card information. JUICE PRODUCTS ASSOCIATION may use and store such information in order to notify you of official JUICE PRODUCTS ASSOCIATION business; provide a product or service you requested; secure your membership status; complete your online donation; analyze, evaluate and improve member and prospective member needs and interests; alert you of JUICE PRODUCTS ASSOCIATION news, activities, courses and programs, services and benefits; and for other legitimate and lawful business purposes. Personally identifiable information may be given to a third party in order to complete a specific business transaction on behalf of JUICE PRODUCTS ASSOCIATION. Contact information from inquiries received by JUICE PRODUCTS ASSOCIATION may be shared with JUICE PRODUCTS ASSOCIATION members to provide a service, satisfy a question, or develop a prospective business relationship.
We may disclose personally identifiable information to the proper authorities if we become subject to a subpoena or court order, or if we are otherwise legally required to disclose such information. We also may use and disclose information about you to establish or exercise our legal rights, to enforce the Terms and Conditions of Use, to assert and defend against legal claims, or if we believe such disclosure is necessary to investigate, prevent or take other action regarding actual or suspected illegal or fraudulent activities or potential threats to the physical safety or well-being of any person. If all or part of JUICE PRODUCTS ASSOCIATION is merged or otherwise transferred to another entity, we may transfer the personally identifiable information you provided to us to such entity as part of that transaction.
Registration and Order Forms
In order to enroll or register in a program; attend JUICE PRODUCTS ASSOCIATION events, meetings or conferences; or request products or services; you may be required to fill out a registration or order form and provide personally identifiable information which we will use to process your registration or order. In certain circumstances, a program accessed through the Site may be jointly sponsored or co-sponsored with other organizations and registration may or may not be handled by JUICE PRODUCTS ASSOCIATION. In such event, this privacy policy will not apply – instead, such third-party’s privacy policy will be controlling. Please note that JUICE PRODUCTS ASSOCIATION is not responsible for the privacy policies of these other organizations (or their use of your personally identifiable or other information) and hereby disclaims any liability or responsibility in connection therewith. In addition, your name and information may appear on registration or attendee lists distributed at JUICE PRODUCTS ASSOCIATION events, meetings and conferences to other attendees and third parties. Please note that JUICE PRODUCTS ASSOCIATION provides Annual Meeting sponsors and exhibitors with attendee names and postal addresses, not email addresses. Attendees are granted access to a list of the names and institutions (including countries) of other registered attendees.
Cookies and Log Files
Cookies are pieces of stored information used to provide smoother navigation throughout the Site, such as a saved password; to identify user trends, such as page views; and for other internal purposes, such as assessing the effectiveness of the Site. You have the option of setting your computer to disable cookies or to alert you when cookies are being used. If you choose to disable cookies, please be aware that portions of the Site may not function properly.
Links
There are links to other websites throughout the Site. Please note that JUICE PRODUCTS ASSOCIATION is not responsible for the privacy policies of those other sites and hereby disclaims any liability or responsibility in connection with such linked sites.
Security
Online registration and information such as credit card numbers will be secured using a commercially accepted method of encryption. However, while we employ reasonable security measures to protect your personal information, please be aware that no method of electronic transmission is completely infallible, and we cannot guarantee its absolute safety. If you become aware of any breach of Site security, please contact us immediately.
Updating Personal Information and Participation
You may contact JUICE PRODUCTS ASSOCIATION as set forth below to update your personally identifiable information, opt-in to or opt-out of any service at any time. We will provide opt-in and opt-out opportunities as applicable to the service or product being offered.
Privacy Policy Updates
Should any changes be made to this privacy policy, we will post them on this page with appropriate explanation.
Acceptance of our Privacy Policy Terms
Using the JUICE PRODUCTS ASSOCIATION website indicates your acceptance of our privacy policy. Your continued visits to the JUICE PRODUCTS ASSOCIATION website after changes are posted to this policy will signify your acceptance of those changes.
Contact information
If you have questions, please contact us at:
JUICE PRODUCTS ASSOCIATION
529 14TH STREET, NW
SUITE 1280
WASHINGTON, DC 20045 USA
202-591-2468
JPA@KELLENCOMPANY.COM