https://netspeedlearning.com/privacy/
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to provide sign-in to demo accounts, to provide assets via third parties such as YouTube, and to identify requests to interact with our site for requesting information or saving assessment results.
For details on what cookies are used, or to change these settings later, click 'Cookie Declaration' in the footer of any page, or visit the Cookie Declaration page now.
Use necessary cookies only
Allow all cookies
Necessary
Media
Demos
Information requests
NetSpeed Learning Solutions: Engaging People, Igniting Performance
Privacy Policy
Introduction
NetSpeed Learning Solutions respects each individual’s right to personal privacy.  We will collect and use information through our Web site only in the ways disclosed in this statement.  This statement applies solely to information collected at NetSpeed Learning Solutions’s Web sites, including www.netspeedleadership.com, www.netspeedfastracks.com, and www.blazingservice.net.
Part I.  Information Collection
NetSpeed Learning Solutions collects information through our Web site at several points.  We collect the following information about primary visitors: name, email address, and in some instances, company affiliation, job title, city, state and daytime phone number. NetSpeed Learning Solutions does not actively market to children, and we never knowingly ask a child under 13 to divulge personal information.
The information we collect is collected voluntarily through the form of individual user registrations at our web site and consists of their first and last name, email address, and when requesting to receive preview materials of our training content, their company affiliation, job title, city, state and daytime phone number.  Any other information we request is optional.
We do employ cookies. A cookie is a small text file that our Web server places on a user’s computer hard drive to be a unique identifier. Cookies enable Learning Solutions to track usage patterns and deliver customized content to users. Our cookies do have an expiration date and our cookies do not collect personally identifiable information.
Part II.  Information Usage
The information collected by Learning Solutions will be used for the purpose of responding to information requests about our products and services, or to determine whether someone is authorized to access certain content from our web site, including the individual’s subscription status.
Registered users may receive additional announcements from us in the form of periodic email mailings about upcoming webinars, product announcements or our bi-monthly email newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications.
The information we collect will not be used to create customer profiles based on browsing or purchasing history.  We will not supplement information collected at our Web site with data from other sources.
We do not share any customer data with third parties – period.
Our Web site offers a blog which lets individuals share comments with us and other web site visitors. Please be advised that information posted in these venues becomes public knowledge.
If our policy on information collection or uses changes, will advise you by means of updating this Privacy page.
Part III.  Access to Information
NetSpeed Learning Solutions is committed to maintaining the accuracy of our information.  Users may access their own personal information and contact us about inaccuracies they may find by emailing us at info@netspeedlearning.com or by calling 206-517-5271 and asking to Client Services. Users may delete their information from our database by emailing us and requesting to be removed from our contact database at any time.
Part IV. Problem Resolution
If problems arise, users may contact NetSpeed Learning Solutions by emailing info@netspeedlearning.com or by calling 206-517-5271 and asking to Client Services. We are committed to resolving disputes in a timely basis.
Part V. Data Storage and Security
NetSpeed Learning Solutions protects user information with a combination of multi-layer physical security and comprehensive network security.
Who We Are
Flawless Implementation Paper
NetSpeed Blog
Mission/Values
Our Commitment
In the News
Newsletters
Meet Our Team
Endorsing Organizations
Professional Associations
Strategic Partners
Clients
Case Studies
Social Responsibility
Transforming the global workplace through flawless virtual learning
About
Virtual Leader
Virtual Learning
NetSpeed Leadership
Blazing Service
Managing Workplace Conflict Keynotes
Home
Contact
Contact Us!
NetSpeed Learning Solutions
Request info:
Phone: 206-517-5271
Toll-Free: (US / CAN): 877-517-5271
2004 Lindsay Ln
Bellingham, WA 98229-3361
NetSpeed Learning's Blazing Service customer service program helped us create a culture of customer service within our communities. Blazing Service offers a fully developed curriculum
that can be adapted to meet the needs of any type of business.
~ Deb Doyle,
Director of Operations, Michigan Works!
Cookie Declaration
Privacy Policy
Website Design: maoStudios
Copyright © 2020 Clay & Associates Inc. All rights reserved. NetSpeed Learning Solutions™ is a trademark of Clay & Associates, Inc.