https://new.webedoctor.com/privacy-security/
Privacy & Security
WEBeDoctor Security
Our policy is to use the best proven technology available to safeguard and protect healthcare-related information. Currently, our systems uses a secure HTTPS 128-bit SSL encryption certified by industry leader–Geotrust. This leading security technology far exceeds HIPAA requirements and provides such a high-level of trust that it is also used by firms when shopping, banking, or trading stocks online.
All WEBeDoctor, Inc. employees undergo extensive pre-employment background checks as well as drug screenings. Our Human Resources Policy provides for random drug screenings.
WEBeDoctor servers are housed in a secure and environmentally controlled offsite data center in Southern California. The site is locked with restricted access. The WEBeDoctor data center is continuously monitored via security cameras. Complete access logs are maintained. Redundant firewall architecture prevents unauthorized access to the network. Data backups are made and robust activity logs are maintained and monitored. UPS, uninterruptible power supplies, and backup generators are configured to provide immediate power and longer term power to keep the system operational.
WEBeDoctor Privacy
The way WEBeDoctor handles your confidential information is simple and absolute: It is NEVER shared, rented, sold, bartered, exchanged, or traded with anyone.
Certain information is processed through nationally recognized clearinghouses and payers so that medical claims can be paid promptly. Some medical visit notes are processed by our medical transcriber for physicians who prefer voice dictation. In both of these examples, WEBeDoctor has contractual agreements with our business partners that ensure the data’s privacy, confidentiality, and compliance with State, Federal, and HIPAA regulations.
The only exception to this policy is when we are served with a judicial subpoena ordering us to release some very specific information. Before any such order is honored its legal veracity is verified by our attorneys and our client is informed.
Twitter Feed
Tweets by webedoctor
Quick Links
Testimonial
Specialties
Advantages and Benefits
Privacy & Security
Provider Login
Patient Login
Copyright ©2020 WEBeDoctor. All Rights Reserved