https://new.adtel.com/terms-of-service/
Loading...
(780) 424-7777
(800) 661-9999
About
Why ADTEL Group?
Partners & Suppliers
Frequently Asked Questions
Referral Program
News
Services
Auto Attendant & Voice Prompt Messages
On-Hold Messaging
Audio Production
Digital Signage
Business Music
Paging & Sound Systems
Samples
Voice Samples
Music Samples
Equipment
On-Hold
Business Music
Paging and Sound Systems
Support
Contact
ADTEL Group Terms of ServiceOverview
This website is operated by the ADTEL Group. Throughout the site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to the ADTEL Group. The ADTEL Group offers this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.
By visiting our site and/or purchasing something from us, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, as amended from time to time  (“Terms of Service”, “Terms”), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink. These Terms of Service apply  to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/or contributors of content.
Please read these Terms of Service carefully before accessing or using our website. By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service and our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any services. If these Terms of Service are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Service.
Any new features or tools which are added to the current store shall also be subject to the Terms of Service. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and/or changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
SECTION 1
Use of Our Website
You agree to use our website for legitimate purposes and not for any illegal or unauthorized purpose, including without limitation, in violation of any intellectual property or privacy law. By agreeing to the Terms, you represent and warrant that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence and are legally capable of entering into a binding contract. You agree to not use our website to conduct any activity that would constitute a civil or criminal offense or violate any law. You agree not to attempt to interfere with our website’s network or security features or to gain unauthorized access to our systems. You agree to provide us with accurate personal information, such as your email address, mailing address and other contact details in order to complete your order or contact you as needed. You agree to promptly update your account and information. You authorize us to collect and use this information to contact you in accordance with our Privacy Policy. A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your Services.
SECTION 2
General Conditions
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time. We reserve the right to make any modifications to the website, including terminating, changing, suspending or discontinuing any aspect of the website at any time, without notice. We may impose additional rules or limits on the use of our website. You agree to review the Terms regularly and your continued access or use of our website will mean that you agree to any changes. You agree that we will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of our website or for any service, content, feature or product offered through our website.
You understand that your content (not including credit card information), may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over networks.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us.
The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.
SECTION 3
Accuracy, Completeness & Timeliness of Information
We are not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk.
This site may contain certain historical information. Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.
SECTION 4
Modifications to The Service & Prices
Prices for our products and events are subject to change without notice. We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time.
We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
SECTION 5
Accuracy of Billing & Account Information
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors.
You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.
SECTION 6
Optional Tools
We may provide you with access to third-party tools over which we neither monitor nor have any control nor input.
You acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools ”as is” and “as available” without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind and without any endorsement. We shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party tools.
Any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider(s).
We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall also be subject to these Terms of Service.
SECTION 7
Third-Party Links
Links from or to websites outside our website are meant for convenience only. We do not review, endorse, approve or control, and are not responsible for any sites linked from or to our website, the content of those sites, the third parties named therein, or their products and services.
Linking to any other site is at your sole risk and we will not be responsible or liable for any damages in connection with linking. Links to downloadable software sites are for convenience only and we are not responsible or liable for any difficulties or consequences associated with downloading the software. Use of any downloaded software is governed by the terms of the license agreement, if any, which accompanies or is provided with the software.
SECTION 8
User Comments, Feedback & Other Submissions
You acknowledge that you are responsible for the information, profiles, opinions, messages, comments and any other content (collectively, the “Content”) that you post, distribute or share on or through our website or services available in connection with our website. You further acknowledge that you have full responsibility for the Content, including but limited to, with respect to its legality, and its trademark, copyright and other intellectual property ownership. You agree that any Content submitted by you in response to a request by us for a specific submission may be edited, adapted, modified, recreated, published, or distributed by us. You further agree that we are under no obligation (1) to maintain any Content in confidence, (2) to pay compensation for any Content; or (3) to respond to any Content.
You agree that you will not post, distribute or share any Content on our website that is protected by copyright, trademark, patent or any other proprietary right without the express consent of the owner of such proprietary right. You further agree that your Content will not be unlawful, abusive or obscene nor will it contain any malware or computer virus that could affect our website’s operations. You will be solely liable for any Content that you make and its accuracy. We have no responsibility and assume no liability for any Content posted by you or any third-party.
We reserve the right to terminate your ability to post on our website and to remove and/or delete any Content that we deem objectionable. You consent to such removal and/or deletion and waive any claim against us for the removal and/or deletion of your Content.
SECTION 9
Personal Information
Please see our Privacy Policy to learn about how we collect, use, and share your personal information.
SECTION 10
Errors, Inaccuracies & Omissions
Occasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).
We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.
SECTION 11
Prohibited Uses
In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
SECTION 12
Disclaimer of Warranties; Limitation of Liability
You assume all responsibility and risk with respect to your use of our website, which is provided “as is” without warranties, representations or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, with regard to information accessed from or via our website, including without limitation, all content and materials, and functions and services provided on our website, all of which are provided without warranty of any kind, including but not limited to warranties concerning the availability, accuracy, completeness or usefulness of content or information, uninterrupted access, and any warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. We do not warrant that our website or its functioning or the content and material of the services made available thereby will be timely, secure, uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that our websites or the servers that make our website available are free of viruses or other harmful components. The use of our website is at your sole risk and you assume full responsibility for any costs associated with your use of our website. We will not be liable for any damages of any kind related to the use of our website.
In no event will we, or our affiliates, our or their respective content or service providers, or any of our or their respective directors, officers, agents, contractors, suppliers or employees be liable to you for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages, losses or causes of action, or lost revenue, lost profits, lost business or sales, or any other type of damage, whether based in contract or tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of, or the inability to use, or the performance of, our website or the content or material or functionality through our website, even if we are advised of the possibility of such damages. Certain jurisdictions do not allow limitation of liability or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. In such jurisdictions, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations, may not apply to you and our liability will be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
SECTION 13
Indemnification
You agree to defend and indemnify us, and hold us and our affiliates harmless,, and our and their respective directors, officers, agents, contractors, and employees against any losses, liabilities, claims, expenses (including legal fees) in any way arising from, related to or in connection with your use of our website, your violation of the Terms, or the posting or transmission of any materials on or through the website by you, including but not limited to, any third party claim that any information or materials provided by you infringe upon any third party proprietary rights.
SECTION 14
Severability
In the event that any provision of these Terms of Service is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Service, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.
SECTION 15
Termination
The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes.
These Terms of Service are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Service at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our site.
If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Service, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).
SECTION 16
Entire Agreement
The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
The Terms and any documents expressly referred to in them represent the entire agreement between you and us in relation to the subject matter of the Terms and supersede any prior agreement, understanding or arrangement between you and us, whether oral or in writing. Both you and we acknowledge that, in entering into these Terms, neither you nor we have relied on any representation, undertaking or promise given by the other or implied from anything said or written between you and us prior to such Terms, except as expressly stated in the Terms.
Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Service shall not be construed against the drafting party.
SECTION 17
Waiver
Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. A waiver by us of any default will not constitute a waiver of any subsequent default. No waiver by us is effective unless it is communicated to you in writing.
SECTION 18
Headings
Any headings and titles herein are for convenience only.
SECTION 19
Governing Law
Any disputes arising out of or relating to the Terms, the Privacy Policy, use of our website, or our products or services offered on our website will be resolved in accordance with the laws of the Province of Alberta without regard to its conflict of law rules. Any disputes, actions or proceedings relating to the Terms or your access to or use of our website must be brought before the courts of the Province of Alberta in the City of Edmonton, Alberta and you irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts.
SECTION 20
Changes to Terms of Service
You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time at this page.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes.
SECTION 21
Questions or Concerns
Please send all questions, comments and feedback to us at general@adtel.com.