https://new.adtel.com/privacy-policy/
Loading...
(780) 424-7777
(800) 661-9999
About
Why ADTEL Group?
Partners & Suppliers
Frequently Asked Questions
Referral Program
News
Services
Auto Attendant & Voice Prompt Messages
On-Hold Messaging
Audio Production
Digital Signage
Business Music
Paging & Sound Systems
Samples
Voice Samples
Music Samples
Equipment
On-Hold
Business Music
Paging and Sound Systems
Support
Contact
ADTEL GroupPrivacy PolicyOverview
We are committed to maintaining the accuracy, confidentiality, and security of your personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”).
As part of this commitment, our privacy policy governs our actions as they relate to the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information. Our privacy policy is based upon the values set by the Canadian Standards Association’s Model Code for the Protection of Personal Information and Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act.
SECTION 1
Introduction
We are responsible for maintaining and protecting the Personal Information under our control. We have designated an individual or individuals who is/are responsible for compliance with our privacy policy.
SECTION 2
What Do We Do With Your Information?
We collect, use and disclose Personal Information to provide you with the product or service you have requested and to offer you additional products and services we believe you might be interested in. The purposes for which we collect Personal Information will be identified before or at the time we collect the information. In certain circumstances, the purposes for which information is collected may be clear, and consent may be implied, such as where your name, address and payment information is provided as part of the order process.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
SECTION 3
Consent
Knowledge and consent are required for the collection, use or disclosure of Personal Information except where required or permitted by law. Providing us with your Personal Information is always your choice. However, your decision not to provide certain information may limit our ability to provide you with our products or services. We will not require you to consent to the collection, use, or disclosure of information as a condition to the supply of a product or service, except as required to be able to supply the product or service.
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at info@adtel.com or mailing us at: ADTEL Group 11630 Kingsway NW Edmonton, Alberta T5G 0X5 Canada
SECTION 4
Limiting Collection
The Personal Information collected will be limited to those details necessary for the purposes identified by us. With your consent, we may collect Personal Information from you in person, over the telephone or by corresponding with you via mail, facsimile, or the Internet.
SECTION 5
Limiting Use, Disclosure & Retention
Personal Information may only be used or disclosed for the purpose for which it was collected unless you have otherwise consented, or when it is required or permitted by law. Personal Information will only be retained for the period of time required to fulfill the purpose for which we collected it or as may be required by law.
SECTION 6
Accuracy
Personal Information will be maintained in as accurate, complete and up-to-date form as is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is to be used.
SECTION 7
Safeguarding Customer Information
Personal Information will be protected by security safeguards that are appropriate to the sensitivity level of the information. We take all reasonable precautions to protect your Personal Information from any loss or unauthorized use, access or disclosure.
SECTION 8
Openness
We will make information available to you about our policies and practices with respect to the management of your Personal Information.
SECTION 9
Customer Access
Upon request, you will be informed of the existence, use and disclosure of your Personal Information, and will be given access to it. You may verify the accuracy and completeness of your Personal Information, and may request that it be amended, if appropriate. However, in certain circumstances permitted by law, we will not disclose certain information to you. For example, we may not disclose information relating to you if other individuals are referenced or if there are legal, security or commercial proprietary restrictions.
SECTION 10
Handling Customer Complaints & Suggestions
You may direct any questions or inquiries with respect to our privacy policy or our practices by contacting: ADTEL Group 11630 Kingsway NW Edmonton, Alberta T5G 0X5 Canada
SECTION 11
Third-Party Services
Our website may contain links to other third party sites that are not governed by this privacy policy. Although we endeavour to only link to sites with high privacy standards, our privacy policy will no longer apply once you leave our website. Additionally, we are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by third party websites. Therefore, we suggest that you examine the privacy statements of those sites to learn how your information may be collected, used, shared and disclosed.
SECTION 12
Security
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption.  Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
SECTION 13
Cookies
A cookie is a small computer file or piece of information that may be stored in your computer’s hard drive when you visit our websites. We may use cookies to improve our website’s functionality and in some cases, to provide visitors with a customized online experience. Cookies are widely used and most web browsers are configured initially to accept cookies automatically. You may change your Internet browser settings to prevent your computer from accepting cookies or to notify you when you receive a cookie so that you may decline its acceptance. Please note, however, if you disable cookies, you may not experience optimal performance of our website.
SECTION 14
Age of Consent
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 15
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
SECTION 16
Questions & Contact Information
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at info@adtel.com or by mail at ADTEL Group.
[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]
[ADTEL Group 11630 Kingsway NW Edmonton, Alberta T5G 0X5 Canada]