https://new.maglite.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Close menu
FLASHLIGHTS
SHOP BY SIZE
Gift Card
Rechargeable Systems
Compact
Mid Size
Full Size
See All
SHOP BY TYPE
LED
Classic Incandescent
Rechargeable Systems
Specialty
See All
SHOP BY USE
Home Safety & Security
Every Day Carry (EDC)
Truck/Auto
Professional
Industrial
Weather Preparedness
Gift Giving/ Seasonal
PACKAGES & BUNDLES
Best Sellers
Complete Home Bundle
Complete Pro Bundle
City Life Kit
Safety Packs
Knife & Tool Combos
See All
OUTDOOR
Camping & Hiking
EDC
Outdoor Adventure
EDC Backpacks
Around the Campfire
In the Rucksack
Gifts
Fishing & Hunting
EDC
Outdoor Adventure
In the Tackle Box
On the Hunt
Gifts
Sports & Leisure
Pocket/Purse
Outdoor Living
KeyChain Lights
Entertainment
Gifts
Action Sports & Adventure
EDC
Outdoor Adventure
EDC Backpacks
Preparedness
Sports Bag
Gifts
Outdoor Partners
Mountain Top Outdoors
MAGLITE / Gerber Gear
Victorinox
TACTICAL
POLICE & SECURITY
First Responder Bundle
Law Enforcement Bundle
ML150LR Rechargeable LED
ML150LRS-ML150LRSX
MAG-TAC Rechargeable LED
Mag Charger LED
Low-Light Condition Flashlights
Other Duty Lights
See All
TACTICAL & MILITARY
Aviation Bundle
EMT Bundle
Covert Lighting
Mission Gear
Tactical Backpacks
Go Bag
Military / Gov't NSN Listing
All Bundles & Packs
Training and Support
See All
HOME SAFETY & SECURITY
Home Security Bundle
Area Lighting
Bug Out Bag
Everyday Carry (EDC)
Truck/Auto
See All
HOMELAND EDITIONS
Homeland Collection
Commemorative / Patriotic
See All
TRAINING AND SUPPORT
Firearms Training & Associates
American Tactical Defense
LIMITED EDITIONS
Mag Gear & Apparel
Shirts and Golf Shirts
Sweatshirts
Hats
Patches, Bumper Stickers, & Decals
EDC Backpacks
Tactical Backpacks
LIMITED EDITIONS
Special Occasion
Commemorative / Patriotic
Gifts for Military/First Responders
Holiday
Collectibles / Gifts
Gifts for Her
Gifts for Him
Popular Mechanics
Share The Beach - Sea Turtle Conservation Program
MARVEL
Marvel
Punisher
Venom
Spiderman
Captain America (Coming Soon)
In The Community
St Jude Children's Research Hospital®
Movember®
National Breast Cancer Foundation Inc.
National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund
National Association for Search and Rescue
American Veterans Center
HALO for Freedom
ACCESSORIES
Replacement Parts
Lamps / Bulbs
Batteries
Parts and Accessories
Accessory Bundles
Rechargeable Accessories
Safety Related
Accessory Bundles
Lite Wands
Barrel Storage
Sabre
Holsters / Belt Holders
Accessory Bundles
Belt Holsters
Belt Holders
Specialty Gear
Butt Stock Shell Holder
Knife & Tool Combos
Tactical Backpacks
EDC Backpacks
Pouches and Holders
OUTLET
Outlet
SUPPORT
ONLINE ORDERS
Order Status
Shipping and Returns
FAQ
Customer Service
PRODUCT SUPPORT
Register Your Product
Warranty Information
Find a Service Center
MAGLAB
About Maglite
MAG History
Contact Information
Community & Giving Back
MAG LIFESTYLE
MAG Life
MAG Media
MAG Stories
MAGLAB
MAG Podcasts
Mag Heros
Log in
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
Pinterest
Free Shipping
On Orders Over $35, Order By 12/11 For Delivery Before Christmas
30-Day Money Back Guarantee
Easy Return Process
MAG INSTRUMENT WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY Mag Instrument, Inc. (“us,” “we,” or “our”) operates the http://www.maglite.com website (“Site”). This notice describes our Privacy Policy (“Policy”). By visiting the Site you are accepting the practices described in this Policy. Please note, however, that this Policy applies only to our Site, and not to any websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we may provide a link, or which may provide a link to our Site. This Policy does not apply to websites that may be operated by distributors or sellers of our products.  Please read the entirety of the Policy before submitting any information to us.  Please be advised that we do not accept product idea submissions. Personal Identification Information We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our Site, register on the Site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, identifying and personal information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information (“Information”). Information that we may collect from you may also include demographic and customer information such as your age, occupation and hobbies, and the reason(s) for the purchase of our products and/or intended use. We may also ask about your preferences and interests in order to notify you of future product launches and company activities that may be of interest to you. In particular, we may collect data through:
Web Site Registration We may collect personal information from you when registering as a product user, or for warranty purposes. Information collected from those who register on our Site is used to provide site registrants the benefits associated with such registration (e.g., warranty-related information or updates, and product launch and news information).
Customer Service In order to provide you with the best possible customer service, we may collect Information from you which information will be used only for the purpose of solving your customer support inquiry and/or responding to your questions or request for additional information.
Resume Submission We allow for the online submission of resumes. Personal information collected from resumes will be used solely for the purpose of accepting and evaluating candidate submissions for job openings. The information may be shared within the organization and is not subject to the terms of this Policy.
Shopping Cart Purchasing We collect personal information from you when you use our shopping cart to make a purchase. Information collected includes your customer information necessary to complete a purchase, including credit card information and billing information associated with a credit card, as well as shipping information.
Whatever the activity may be, we will only collect Information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to fulfill your requests and our business objectives. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect Information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such Information to us. Users can always refuse to supply Information; however that may prevent that User from engaging in certain Site-related activities.
Non-Personal Identification Information We collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service provider utilized and other similar information.
Information Automatically Collected and Stored and the Use of “Cookies”
WHAT ARE COOKIES
Cookies are small pieces of text sent to your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Service or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Service more useful to you. Cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while session cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser.
HOW MAG INSTRUMENT, INC. USES COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
When you use and access the Service, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser. We use cookies for the following purposes: To enable certain functions of the Service To provide analytics To store your preferences To enable advertisements delivery, including behavioral advertising We use both session and persistent cookies on the Service and we use different types of cookies to run the Service: Essential cookies. We may use essential cookies to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Preferences cookies. We may use preferences cookies to remember information that changes the way the Service behaves or looks, such as the "remember me" functionality of a registered user or a user's language preference. Analytics cookies. We may use analytics cookies to track information how the Service is used so that we can make improvements. We may also use analytics cookies to test new advertisements, pages, features or new functionality of the Service to see how our users react to them. Advertising cookies. These types of cookies are used to deliver advertisements on and through the Service and track the performance of these advertisements. These cookies may also be used to enable third-party advertising networks to deliver ads that may be relevant to you based upon your activities or interests.
THIRD-PARTY COOKIES
In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-parties cookies to report usage statistics of the Service, deliver advertisements on and through the Service, and so on.
WHAT ARE YOUR CHOICES REGARDING COOKIES
If you'd like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser. Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly. For the Chrome web browser, please visit this page from Google: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050. For the Internet Explorer web browser, please visit this page from Microsoft: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835. For the Firefox web browser, please visit this page from Mozilla: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored. For the Safari web browser, please visit this page from Apple: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411?locale=en_US. For any other web browser, please visit your web browser's official web pages.
WHERE CAN YOU FIND MORE INFORMATION ABOUT COOKIES
You can learn more about cookies and the following third-party websites: AllAboutCookies: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ Network Advertising Initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/
IP Addresses Our Site uses Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. An IP address is a number assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider (ISP) so you can access the Internet. Sometimes, an IP address changes each time you connect to the Internet. This is called a “dynamic” IP address. However, if you have a broadband connection, depending on your individual circumstance, it is possible that the IP address that we collect, or even perhaps a cookie we use, may contain information that could be deemed identifiable. This is because, with some broadband connections, your IP address doesn’t change (“static” IP address) and could be associated with your personal computer.
Log Data We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Service's functionality. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.
How We Use Collected InformationIn addition to the uses described elsewhere in this Policy, we may collect and use Users’ Information and other data for the following purposes:
To improve customer service: Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize User experience: we may use Information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site: We may use feedback you provide to improve our Site, our products and our services.
To process payments: We may use the Information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this Information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To share your Information with third parties: We may share or sell Information with third parties for marketing or other purposes.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature.
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails:  We may use your email address to send you information and updates pertaining to your order. It may also be used to respond to your inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, the User will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or within the Policy so that User may contact us via our Site.
To complete a business transaction, comply with local governmental requirements such as tax reporting, etc.
Communications You Receive – Permission To Contact You And/Or Send You Materials and Information Only when specifically requested by a User will the Information we collect be used to respond to the Users’ inquiries and/or to send the User’s information or newsletters, and notify our customers about new products we may offer, product developments, or other corporate activities that may be of interest. We send out email newsletters to our customers to highlight features of our products, new product launches, specials, announcements, sales, advertisements and the like. In other words, it is only when you have volunteered information about yourself, or have specifically requested to receive such contact and information from us, that we come into possession of and/or use any of your personally identifiable information. We will also routinely send out “transactional” email communications to assist you in completing your purchase.
BEHAVIORAL REMARKETING
Mag Instrument, Inc. uses remarketing services to advertise on third party web sites to you after you visited our Service. We, and our third party vendors, use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service. Google Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/ads Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on - https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout - for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ Facebook Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc. You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950 To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads follow these instructions from Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217 Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada http://youradchoices.ca/ or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, or opt-out using your mobile device settings. For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Contest - Sweepstakes Terms We may, from time to time, offer surveys, contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions on our Websites or through social media channels. Participation is completely voluntary. Information requested for entry may include personal contact information such as your name, address, date of birth, phone number, email address, username, and similar details. We use the information you provide to administer our promotions. We may also, unless prohibited by the Promotion’s rules or law, use the information provided to communicate with you, or other people you select, about our products and services. We may share this information with our affiliates and other organizations or service providers in line with this policy and the rules posted for each promotion Learn more here:  www.maglite.com/contest-terms
Unsubscribing/Opting Out If you decide you no longer wish to receive postal mailings and/or emails from us, please let us know by sending us an email to website@magmail.com and telling us you no longer wish to receive postal mail and/or email from us. Please provide us with your exact name, postal address, and email address.
Contacting Us About Your Personal Information Web site visitors may contact us to request we delete previously submitted information from our database, review or request revision(s) and/or update(s) to personally identifiable information by sending an email to website@magmail.com. If you have any questions or comments about the way your personally identifiable information collected via our Web site is used and handled, please email us at website@magmail.com.
DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURE
We support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Service Providers We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services and/or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform specific tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use your information for any other purpose.
Security – How We Protect Your Information The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. We adopt appropriate and reasonable data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your Information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. Sensitive and private data exchange between our Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our Site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment for Users as we can.  As has been seen in the news, however, it is not possible to absolutely protect against hacking, and so there is a risk that some unauthorized access to Information could occur notwithstanding our reasonable efforts at protection and prevention, and for which we are not responsible.
Third Party Websites Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the websites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these other websites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these other third party websites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These other websites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party websites or services.
Compliance with Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) Only persons age 18 or older have permission to access our Site. Our Site does not address anyone under the age of 13 (“Children”). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from Children. If you are a parent or guardian and you learn that your Children have provided us with personal information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Non-U.S. Residents Our Site is available for viewing by individuals worldwide. However, if you are not a U.S. resident, you may also be able to link from our Web site to an authorized distributor’s Web site serving your country of residence. MAG INSTRUMENT MAKES NO REPRESENTATION AS TO THE COMPLIANCE OF THIS WEB SITE AND MAG INSTRUMENT’S PRACTICES WITH RESPECT HERETO WITH THE LAWS OF JURISDICTIONS OTHER THAN THOSE OF THE UNITED STATES.
Product Idea Submissions We no longer accept submission of unsolicited product ideas, whether as to an existing product or with regard to a new product.  Any such submission, whether to this website, website@magmail.com, or to any other address or person affiliated with Mag Instrument, will not be considered, is not considered confidential, and creates no express or implied agreement, contract or understanding between Mag Instrument and the submitter.
Changes to this Policy We have the discretion and reserve the right to update or change this Policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about our Site and our Privacy Policy.  You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Policy periodically and become aware of modifications. IF YOU USE OUR SITE AFTER AN UPDATE TO THIS POLICY, YOU CONSENT TO THE UPDATE OF THIS POLICY.
Your acceptance of this Policy By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this Policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. If you are a Child, please consult with your parents before using our Site.
Contacting us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact us at: Mag Instrument, Inc. www.maglite.com   Mag Instrument, Inc. 2001 S Hellman Ave Ontario, CA 91761 909-947-1006 website@magmail.com   This Policy was last updated on March 7, 2018
JOIN MAGLITENATION™ TODAY
and receive a 20% OFF* promo code to shop Online at Maglite.com, FREE SHIPPING on orders over $35, NEW and EXCITING MAGLITENATION™ Exclusive/Loyalty Rewards and Promotions.  Be the first to hear about offers, specials and giveaways. Sign up Now!*MAGLITE® (Maglite.com) online sales to U.S. street addresses only; no P.O. boxes. Some restrictions apply. Outlet, seasonal shop and discounted items excluded. Cannot be combined with another offer or discounted item. Promotion available for a limited time.
SIGN UP NOW!
No thanks
"Close (esc)"
Previous
Next
"Close (esc)"