https://newmor.com/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Website usage
Welcome to the Newmor website. Newmor is a division of Newmor Group Ltd. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Newmor’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term “Newmor”/ “Newmor Group” or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is Henfaes Lane, Welshpool, Powys, SY21, 7BE, UK Our company registration number is 326 5982 31 , Registered in England & Wales. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
All prices quoted are ex-works UK prices, and may be subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
Website disclaimer
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Newmor which is a division of Newmor Group Ltd and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Newmor. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Newmor Group Ltd takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE
Any reference in these conditions to “The Company” shall be a reference to Newmor Wallcoverings or any associated or subsidiary company, or its successor in title.  Any reference to “The Buyer” will include any successors in title to the buyers.  All orders accepted are subject to the following conditions.
1)GENERAL
All quotations by the Company represent an invitation to the Buyer to place an order and do not constitute a legal offer.  The Purchase Order will be regarded as the offer and our acceptance will be regarded as binding.  Special conditions contained in any Purchase Order will be excluded from the conditions of sale and cannot therefore form part of the Contractual Conditions, unless specifically agreed by us in writing when accepting the order.
2)PRICES
All prices are quoted without commitment and subject to alteration or withdrawal by the Company without notice prior to acceptance of the order and orders can only be accepted on condition that the prices charged are those ruling at date of despatch unless we have specifically engaged in a Fixed Price Contract.
3)DEFECTIVE GOODS
In the event of any article supplied by the Company proving defective in material or workmanship we undertake to replace it free of charge or refund the cost of the article but subject to the following:-
1.  The Buyer must check that fabrics and wallcoverings are in accordance with the Purchase Order
both for design and colour.  Every reasonable precaution has been taken to ensure that the
wallcovering and fabrics are of good quality and to one shade but the Buyer must check that the
results are satisfactory after the first two lengths have been hung since no responsibility can be
accepted after this stage.
2.  The Company does not accept returns of cut lengths of fabric or wallcovering nor cancellations
once the material has been cut to the ordered quantity or specially made to order or ordered on
the Buyer’s behalf from a third party.
3.  Under no circumstances does the Company accept liability for any consequential loss or damage
is hereby specifically excluded.
4)SALE OF GOODS ACT 1893
Any conditions and warranties implied by virtue of  the Sale of Goods Act 1893 are hereby excluded except in Consumer Sales as defined by the Supply of Goods (Implied Terms) Act 1973.
5)VARIATIONS
No variation or addition to these terms and conditions of sale shall be accepted unless made in writing by a lawfully authorised Agent on behalf of the Company.
6)DELIVERY
1.         Estimated delivery dates are given in good faith and every effort will be made to ensure due performance but the Company cannot accept responsibility for damages or consequential loss arising from delays caused by strikes, lockouts, breakdowns, fires or any other circumstances beyond the Company’s control. If the buyers instructions, or lack of instructions, cause delay in delivery the Company shall be entitled to extension of the time for delivery originally estimated. Your attention is drawn to our tariff of carriage charges as detailed in our current price list.
2.           a)       The risk in the goods passes to the buyer on delivery but equitable and beneficial
ownership shall remain with the Company until full payment has been received
(each order being considered as a whole) or until prior re-sale in which case the                                  beneficial entitlement of the Company shall attach to the proceeds of re-sale or to
the claim for such products.
b)      Should the goods become constituents of or to be converted into other products
whilst subject to the equitable and beneficial ownership of the Company then the
Company shall have the equitable and beneficial ownership in such other products
as if they were solely and simply the goods and accordingly sub-clause (a) shall as
far as appropriate apply to such other products.
3.           Non-delivery must be reported in writing to the Company within ten days or receipt of
Invoice or Advice of despatch.  Where goods are collected from the Company by the buyer or a third party as the case may be and thereupon all liability of the Company in the goods for loss or destruction, breakage’s, shortages or non-delivery shall cease.
4.           Any damage or pilferage in transit to goods despatched by road, rail, sea or air must be
notified by the Buyer to the company within 3 days of delivery.  In addition any obvious damage to goods or their containers must be noted on the carriers delivery note at time of delivery.
7)RETURNS
Goods must not be returned for credit without prior agreement.
8)ACCOUNTS
Unless the Buyer has an approved credit account evidenced in writing all goods must be paid for before delivery.  Our credit terms are strictly nett monthly (i.e. end of month following month of invoice).  If an account is overdue it shall be subject to an additional charge for interest of 2% per month.  The company shall be entitled (without prejudice to any right to damages or other remedy available to it) to withhold further deliveries to the Buyer until payment is made.
9)CANCELLATION OF ORDERS
Cancellation may only be effected at the buyer’s request and the Company’s subsequent written approval.  The Company does however reserve the right to enforce the Contract or be indemnified against loss.
10) Contracts with the Company shall in all respects be construed and operate as Contracts made in England in conformity with the laws of England and the Company and the Buyer hereby accept the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts in relation to any dispute which may arise out of or in connection with the Contracts of the goods supplied.
Close form
Send us an email
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you