https://neworleansjazz.com/privacy-policy-neworleansjazz-com/
Skip to content
Home Privacy Policy – NewOrleansJazz.com
https://www.NewOrleansJazz.com Privacy Notice:
This privacy
notice discloses the privacy practices for https://www.NewOrleansJazz.com. This
privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website and notifies
you of the following:
To our
knowledge, we do not have cookies on this site and do not randomly collect
information on visitors.
We do not
sell or forward your personal information anywhere or to anyone.
We only
collect your information through our contact forms, that you or a designated
person for you, has completed and this said information is only used to offer
quotes and negotiate and sell live music services that you have requested
through the submitted contact form.
Either by us
responding to your completed contact form or by you contacting us directly, can
we update or correct any inaccuracies in the information provided.
Your
information is only collected though our contact form or from you contacting us
by email or a telephone call. We do not share, forward or sell your information
to any entity, person or companies.
We are the
sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access
to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct
contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use
your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We
will not share your information with any third party outside of our
organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an
order or verify an event location.
Unless you
ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about
specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access
to and Control Over Information:
You may opt
out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any
time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our
website:
Change/correct
any data we have about you.
Have us
delete any data we have about you.
Express any
concern you have about our use of your data.
Security: We
take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive
information via the website, your information is protected both online and
offline.
Wherever we
collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is
encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way where we do not see any full
numbers or dates via QuickBooks Merchant Services. Should you choose to provide
this information to us directly, we only use the sensitive information for the
purpose of a contracted event, or a sale of goods and the information is not
stored or kept, except through our QuickBooks encrypted processing services.
You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking
for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use
encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect
your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a
specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to
personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store
personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
This website
contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for
the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to
be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any
other site that collects personally identifiable information.
If you feel
that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us
immediately via telephone at (504) 482-3786 or via email at info@NewOrleansJazz.com
All Sales Help this Musician-Artist Dismiss