https://newscorp.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Notice
Effective Date: December 11, 2019
News Corporation (“Company,” “News Corp,” “we,” “us”) respects your privacy and understands that you care about your personal information and how it is used.  We value your trust in sharing your personal information with us and are dedicated to protecting your privacy, as further described in this Privacy Notice.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Scope
Information We Collect and Obtain
How We Use the Information We Obtain
Information We Share
Your Choices and Rights
How We Protect Personal Information
Transfers of Information
Links to our Careers Site, Affiliate Third-Party Sites, Apps and Services
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
How To Contact Us
Cookie Notice
For California Residents, California Privacy Rights
For European Union/EEA Users
1. SCOPE
This Privacy Notice (“Notice”) applies to personal information collected by the Company of visitors to the www.newscorp.com site (the “Site”).  This Privacy Notice describes in detail the types of information we collect about you; how we use your information and with whom we share it; the choices and rights you have with regard to your information; how we protect your information; and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
When you visit the Site, you are visiting News Corp’s corporate website.  Affiliates of News Corp operate a large number of websites, mobile applications and other services associated with News Corp’s various businesses, brands and products.  Each of these properties and services you may choose to visit has privacy notices that differ from this Privacy Notice due to the nature of those properties and services.  This Notice does not apply to the websites, mobile applications or other services operated by News Corp affiliates. A list of News Corp affiliates is here.
The Site is intended for a general audience, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16. In addition, please review our Terms of Use, which governs your use of the services.
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND OBTAIN
We obtain personal information through this Site about you from a variety of sources.  This includes personal information you provide to us directly, information we obtain from other sources, and information we gather through automated means.
Information you provide to the News Corp Site.  When you access certain features of the Site, or directly correspond with us, we may collect certain types of information from you:
Contact information (such as name, postal address, email address and telephone and/or mobile numbers);
Occupational data (such as profession, position, title, company);
Other information you may provide to us, such as through our “Contact Us” feature; and
If you are a News Corp investor, information you may submit for stockholder benefits, such as through the “Electronic Delivery Enrollment” feature (such as social security number or tax ID number).
Information obtained from other sources. We may obtain personal information about you through the Site from publicly and commercially available sources and from our  service providers, including geo-location data.
Information Collected by Automated Means Through Our Site.  We also gather information by automated means (such as cookies, web beacons, web server logs, JavaScript and other similar technologies), including through technologies designed to obtain information regarding your use of the Site.  The information we obtain in this manner may include:
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address;
Device information, including unique identifiers and connection information, including the means of internet connection (e.g., WiFi connection, ISP);
Your device type and settings, software used, browser type and operating system;
Language preferences;
Websites or other services you visited before and after visiting the Site (referring URL);
Web pages you view and links you click on within, and what search queries you may have run on, the Site (clickstream);
Dates and times you access or use the Site;  and
Location information, including the city and state associated with a unique identifier.
For more information on the various types of automated means we use to gather information, please see our Cookie Notice.
3.HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE OBTAIN
We, or service providers acting on our behalf, may use the information collected from and about you to:
Provide our services;
Respond to inquiries from you and other third-parties, including inquiries from law enforcement agencies;
Anonymize or de-identify personal information to provide our subsidiaries and affiliates and third parties with aggregated data reports showing anonymized information and other non-personal information;
Operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing, enhancing, analyzing and improving our Site; managing our communications; performing data and statistical analytics; and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions);
Protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other unlawful activity, claims and other liabilities;
Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards, contractual obligations and our terms of service and other policies; and
In other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
4. INFORMATION WE SHARE
We may share your personal information:
With our Service Providers.  With our service providers who perform services on our behalf.
For Legal Requirements and Proceedings. We may disclose information to law enforcement authorities or other government officials if we are required to do so to comply with subpoenas, court orders, legal process or other law enforcement or other government measures, and to comply with other legal obligations.  We may also disclose information if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity.
To Protect our Services and Users. We may disclose information to protect and defend the rights, interests and safety of the Site, our subsidiaries and affiliates, and their employees, contractors and agents; to protect the security and safety of our users of the Site, including when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss.
For Business Transfers. In the event of a proposed or completed sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation).
Non-personal Information. When the information collected from or about you is not defined as personal information under applicable law, we may share such non-personal, de-identified information or aggregated information with third parties at our discretion.
5. YOUR CHOICES AND RIGHTS
We offer you certain choices and you also may have certain rights in connection with the personal information we collect about you.
A. YOUR CHOICES
You can choose to use the Site without providing any information about yourself to us directly, but please note, as described above, some information may be collected automatically or be requested by us so that you can take advantage of certain features on the Site.
You also have choices about whether cookies and other similar technologies are placed on your computer or mobile device. For more information, visit our Cookie Notice.
We may use third-party analytics services on our Site, such as Google Analytics.  The analytics providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to help us analyze your use of the Site, as further described in our Cookie Notice. To learn more about how to opt out of Google Analytics services, please visit the link below:
Google Analytics: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
B. ACCESS, CORRECTION, AND DELETION RIGHTS
Subject to applicable law, you may have certain rights to access, review, update, delete and/or correct inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody and control by emailing or writing to us at How to Contact Us.  We may request certain personal information for the purposes of verifying the identity of the individual seeking access to his/her personal information records.
C. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
For additional information for residents of the State of California click here.
D. FOR EUROPEAN UNION/EEA USERS
For additional information about our privacy practices for visitors from the European Union/EEA, click here.
6. How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information we have about you against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.  However, no data transmission or storage, or use of the Internet, can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
7. Transfers of Information
The Site is hosted in and managed from the United States, which may be outside the country in which you initially provided the information.  We may transfer the personal information we collect about you to another country, which may not be deemed to have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information.  Applicable laws in the United States and/or other countries may allow the courts, law enforcement and national security authorities to access your personal information when in such country.
If you are a user located outside the United States or the country to which your information may be transferred, you understand (and, as permitted under applicable law, consent to) having any personal information processed in the United States and/or such country. When we transfer your information, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Notice.
8. LINKS TO OUR CAREERS SITE, AFFILIATE AND THIRD-PARTY SITES, APPS AND SERVICES
For your convenience and information, our Site includes a Careers page, which provides a list of employment opportunities available throughout the News Corp Family of Companies.  If you are interested in applying for a position with News Corp Headquarters, our Site links to the News Corp Careers site, which includes a link to our applicant privacy notice for your review.  Our Site also provides links to News Corp affiliates’ sites, including their careers sites, apps and services, as well as those of third-parties that may be operated by companies not affiliated with News Corp.  Our affiliates have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review. Third-party sites may carry advertisements or offer content, functionality, newsletters or applications developed and maintained by those unaffiliated third-party companies.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any non-News Corp sites, apps or services.
9. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
From time to time, we may change our Privacy Notice to reflect changes to our privacy practices and our Site.  If we modify the Privacy Notice, we will update the “Last Modified Date” and the changes will be effective as of the date we post such Notice.   For material changes, we will notify you by posting a prominent notice on our Site indicating at the top of the Privacy Notice when it was most recently updated and/or seek your consent as may be required.
10. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice or the manner in which we or our service providers treat your personal information, would like to exercise your choices, or would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us as follows:
Email: nc-privacypolicy@newscorp.com
You also may write to:
News Corporation
1211 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10036
COOKIE NOTICE
Like many companies, we and our service providers and third-party partners, including vendors, use cookies, web beacons and other technologies on our website (“Site”) to collect information that helps us enhance your experience and our Site.  As described in more detail below, the cookies and other similar technologies (collectively “cookies”) that we use allow our Site to function, and help us to understand how to better tailor the Site to your interests.
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
A “cookie” is a small text file that is placed on a visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify it or to store information in the browser. A “web beacon” links web pages to servers and may be used to transmit information collected through cookies back to a web server.
COOKIES AND OTHER SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES WE USE
First-Party v. Third-Party Cookies.  First-party cookies are ones that we place (or have a service provider place for us), which enable you to use the Site and its features and allow us to perform certain internal analytics activities.  Third-party cookies are placed by certain third parties when you visit the Site. These third-party cookies enable certain functionalities to be provided on the Site. These third parties may collect and use this information pursuant to their own privacy policies.
Below we list the different types of first and third-party cookies and other similar technologies we may use on the Site:
Strictly Necessary and Functionality Cookies and Similar Technologies. Strictly necessary cookies and similar technologies are essential to the Site in order make our Site work correctly. You may block placement of these cookies through your browser settings, but without them, the performance of the Site may be affected and you may not be able to take full advantage of our services and features.  These cookies may be used to assist in fraud prevention, security, and to enable purchasing capabilities.
If you access the Site using a mobile, tablet or other internet enabled device, functionality cookies and similar technologies may collect a unique identifier assigned to a device (“UDID”), geolocation data or other traffic information for that device.  These features help us improve your experience with the Site. For example, functionality cookies help us improve your visit to the Site by determining the appropriate device location during a session or storing language settings.
Analytics Cookies and Similar Technologies. We and our service providers use analytics cookies and similar technologies to collect information about your use of the Site to help create reports and statistics on the performance of the Site, which enable us to improve the way they work.  Analytics cookies and similar technologies collect information such as your IP address, type of device, operating system, referring URLs, country information data and time of page visits, and pages visited. This information allows us to identify overall patterns of usage on the website, and help us record any difficulties you have with the Site.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
We use the information we collect through automated means to allow you access to our Site and for the following general purposes:
Protect our Networks: Cookies and similar technologies help us identify and prevent threats to our Site. They are necessary to protect your information and our business from outside threats.
Allow you to Access our Site:  Cookies and similar technologies permit your connection to our Site: our servers receive and record information about your computer, device, and browser, including potentially your IP address, browser type, other software or hardware information, and your geographic location.
Access Usage of Site:  We use information about your usage of our Site, such as pages you have visited and search queries you have run, to assess how our Site is used.
In addition, third parties that support our Site by providing other services, such as allowing tracking aggregate service usage, may also use cookies and other technologies to collect information relevant to the provision of those services.  For more information on how third parties use cookies and similar technologies on our Site, please see the section below on How Third Parties Use Information from Cookies and Similar Technologies on our Site.
HOW THIRD PARTIES USE INFORMATION FROM COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES ON OUR SITE
We work with third parties that provide services to support our Site. For example, we use analytics services supported by third party companies, who generate analytics cookies on our behalf, such as Google Analytics.  We may not have access to these cookies, although we may use statistical information arising from the cookies provided by these third parties to customize the Site and for the other purposes described above. These companies may also transfer this information to other parties where required to do so by law, or where such other parties process the information on their behalf.
Please note that News Corp may not control these third-party cookies and other technologies and their use may be governed by the privacy notices or policies of the third parties employing them. The information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Notice.
To find out more about how you can manage the information collected by these companies, see the How to Manage Cookies and Similar Technologies section of this Cookie Notice.
HOW TO MANAGE COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
You have choices regarding cookies being placed on your device by News Corp and its service providers. However, without cookies, you may not be able to use all of the features of our Site.  Similarly, if you upgrade or change your browser or device or delete your cookies, you may need to use these opt-out tools again. We have outlined below ways to manage your cookies.
MANAGING COOKIES VIA YOUR BROWSER SETTINGS
You have the option to stop cookies from being downloaded to your device from the Site at any time by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser.  Most browsers will tell you how to change your browser settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to restrict or block certain types or all cookies.  Please visit www.allaboutcookies.org,  or select the “Help” menu in your browser.
Please note that if you use different devices to view and access the News Corp Site (such as, your computer, smartphone, tablet), you will need to adjust your cookie options in the browser for each device.
MANAGING ANALYTICS COOKIES
For information about how to opt-out of Google Analytics cookies, please use the following link:
Google Analytics: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
DO NOT TRACK
The Site does not process or respond to “Do Not Track” signals, since uniform standards for “Do Not Track” signals have not been adopted.  To learn more about “Do Not Track”, please visit “All About Do Not Track”.
CHANGES TO THIS COOKIE NOTICE
From time to time, we may change this Cookie Notice to reflect changes to our privacy practices and our Site.  This may be related to changes in the law, changes in our Site or treatment of your personal information. Where necessary, we will notify you of these changes.  We will always display clearly when the Cookie Notice was last amended.
FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Shine the Light Law
Subject to certain limitations, California residents may ask us to provide them with (1) a list of certain categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, and (2) the identity of those third parties.  To make this request, California residents may contact us as specified in the How to Contact Us section above.  For such requests, indicate “CA Shine the Light Request” in the subject field of your request.
California Consumer Privacy Protection Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to residents of California. This section of the Privacy Notice applies if you are a natural person who is a resident of California (“California Consumer”) and use our Site. This notice supplements the information in our Privacy Notice above.  Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in the CCPA.
The following sets forth the categories of information we collect and purposes for which we may use California Consumers’ personal information by the Site:
Categories of Personal Information We Collect About You
The categories of personal information we may have collected about you or your use of our Site are:
Identifiers, such as your contact information (name, email address, postal address, phone number), government identifiers (national identifier, passport number) or unique personal identifiers (cookies, IP address);
Internet or other network or device activity, such as browsing history, browser type and language, operating system or usage;
Geo-location information, such as city and state associated with a unique identifier.
More details on the categories of personal information we may collect are set forth in the Information We Collect and Obtain section of our Privacy Notice.
Categories of Sources From Which We Collected Personal Information
The sources from which we may have collected personal information about you or your use of the Services are:
Directly from you;
From other sources, such as Company service providers, such as analytics providers;
Through your use of the Site;
as otherwise set forth in the Information We Collect and Obtain section of our Privacy Notice.
Business or Commercial Purposes for Which We Collected or Disclosed the Personal Information
The business or commercial purposes, as defined under the CCPA, for which we collected or sold the personal information, are:
performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, verifying customer information, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytics services, or providing similar services;
auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance;
detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;
debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration; and
to advance the commercial or economic interests of the Company, such as by inducing another to subscribe to or provide information or services, or enabling or effecting, directly or indirectly, a commercial transaction.
More details concerning the business or commercial purposes are set forth in the How We Use the Information We Obtain section of our Privacy Notice.  We may disclose the categories of personal information identified in Information We Collect and Obtain section of our Privacy Notice about our California consumers for our operational purposes where the use of such personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the operational purpose for which the personal information was collected or processed or for another operational purpose that is compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected.
Categories of Personal Information Disclosed for a Business Purpose and the Categories of Parties With Whom We Shared the Personal Information
We do not “sell” your personal information to third parties.  We will share, however, any or all of the personal information collected from and about you over the past twelve (12) months as discussed above with our data analytics providers for various business purposes.
More details on the categories of personal information we may disclose for a business purpose are set forth in the Information We Collect and Obtain and Information We Share sections of our Privacy Notice.
California Consumer Privacy Rights and Choices
California Consumers may have certain rights in connection with the personal information we collect about you, many of which are subject to exceptions under applicable law:
The right to access and disclosure.  You may have the right to request, twice during a twelve month period, the following information about the personal information we have collected about you during the past 12 months:
the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
the categories of sources from which we collected the personal information;
the business or commercial purpose for which we collected or sold the personal information;
the categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal information; and
the categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom we sold or disclosed that information for a business purpose.
The right to deletion. You may have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you.  Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. We need certain types of information so that we can provide our Services to you.  If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our Services.
How to exercise your access and deletion rights.  California residents may exercise their California privacy rights by submitting your request here or by sending an email to nc-privacypolicy@newscorp.com, indicating “CA Privacy Rights” in the subject field of your email.  To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
For security purposes, we will verify your identity – in part by requesting certain information from you — when you request to exercise your California privacy rights.  For instance, you may need to provide your name and email address. To request that we provide you with the specific pieces of personal information we have from you or to delete personal information we have collected from you, we may also need to ask you for additional information to verify your identity.
Once we have verified your identity (and your agent, as applicable), we will respond to your request as appropriate:
Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will provide such list in a written email to the email address you provide.
Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA.  For instance, we may not disclose government ID or financial account number as such disclosure may create an unreasonable risk to your personal information, your account with us, or our business systems.
Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete, deidentify, or aggregate, as appropriate, any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.
If we are unable to complete your requests fully for any of the reasons above, we will provide you additional information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request.
The right to nondiscrimination.  We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights.
Authorized Agents.  You may also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights under CCPA as described above. We will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a power of attorney.
FOR EUROPEAN UNION/EEA USERS
The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) provides certain rights regarding the processing of personal data of EU/EEA data subjects.  This section of the Privacy Notice applies if you are in a country that is a Member of the European Union or EEA, and supplements the information in the Privacy Notice.
News Corporation is the data controller for the processing of your personal data, as defined under the GDPR, collected by the Company from visitors to the www.newscorp.com site (the “Site”).
LEGAL BASIS FOR DATA PROCESSING
We collect and process your personal data for the purposes set out in the Privacy Notice.  Our legal basis to process personal data includes processing that is: (1) necessary to comply with legal requirements (for example, where we have a legal or regulatory obligation or to defend claims); and/or (2) necessary for our legitimate interests (for example, to improve our Site).
EU/EEA DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS
Where we process your personal data, you have a number of rights over how the data is processed and can exercise these rights at any point in time.  Below is an overview of these rights, many of which are subject to exceptions under applicable law. You can exercise these rights by clicking here or emailing nc-privacypolicy@newscorp.com, and indicating “GDPR Request” in the subject line.
The right to access and rectification.  You have the right to access, correct and update your personal data at any time.
The right to object to or restrict processing.  Under certain circumstances, you have the right to object to or restrict our processing of your personal data.  For example, where we process personal data based on our legitimate interests, you may object to this. We will need to carefully consider your request, as there may be circumstances which require us, or allow us, to continue processing your data.  However, you have an absolute right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes, and no exception applies to such a request.
The right to lodge a complaint with a Supervisory Authority.  You have the right to lodge a complaint directly with the relevant Supervisory Authority about how we process your personal data.
The right to erasure.  Under certain circumstances, you have the right to request that we delete your data.  If you wish to delete the personal data we hold about you, please let us know and we will take reasonable steps to respond to your request in accordance with legal requirements.
The right to data portability.  With respect to the personal data you have provided to us, in addition to the general right of access described above, you may have, subject to certain exceptions, rights to (i) receive a copy of it in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, (ii) transmit the data to another data controller, and (iii) depending on the circumstances, have us perform that transmission.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA
We will keep your personal data for as long as we need it to fulfull the purposes for which the personal data was collected, or while there is a legitimate reason for doing so, and as otherwise required or permitted by applicable law, such as in relation to our record retention obligations.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Personal data of our EEA users may be transferred outside the EEA to countries that may not have data protection rules that require the same level of protection, but we will make sure that there are appropriate mechanisms and controls in place to protect your data.  This may include data transfer agreements, a copy of which you can obtain by contacting us and reliance on the recipient’s participation in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield program.  We use these data transfer mechanisms – and not consent – as the legal basis for our own transfers of personal data from within the EEA to outside the EEA (even when other aspects of our handling of personal data take place on the basis of consent).