https://newshield.co.uk/privacy-policy-newshield/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy : Newshieldwp_j0tt9u2018-05-24T08:51:18+00:00
Who We Are
Newshield Enterprises Ltd (‘we’ or ‘us’ or ‘our’) gather and process your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice and in compliance with the relevant data protection Regulation and law. This notice aims to provide you with the necessary information regarding your rights and obligations, and explains how, why and when we collect and process your personal data.
Newshield Enterprises Ltd offices are at 2H Northlands Business Park, Bognor Road, Warnham, Horsham RH12 3SH and we are a company registered in England and Wales under company number 2789437.
Information That We Collect
Newshield  processes your personal information to meet our legal, statutory and contractual obligations and to provide you with our products and services. We will never collect any unnecessary personal data from you and do not process your information in any way, other than already specified in this notice.
The personal data that we collect from you may include: –
Name
Personal Email
Business Email
Work Telephone Number
Mobile Telephone Number
Driver’s License Number
Special Category Data (e. details about dietary and mobility requirements, gender)
Bank account details
We collect information in the following ways: –
Email
Employment CV
Conference registration form
Purchase orders
Telephone and email business enquiries
How We Use Your Personal Data (Legal Basis for Processing)
We take your privacy very seriously and will never disclose, share or sell your data without your consent, unless required to do so by law. We only retain your data for as long as is necessary and for the purposes specified in this notice. Where you have consented to us providing you with promotional offers and marketing, you are free to withdraw consent at any time.
The purposes and reasons for processing your personal data are detailed below: –
We collect and store your personal data in order to respond to a sales enquiry
We collect your personal data in the performance of a contract or to provide our services and to ensure that orders are completed and can be sent out to your preferred address
We collect and store your personal data as part of our legal obligation for business accounting and tax purposes
We collect and store your personal data as part of a recruitment campaign
We collect and store your personal data as part of a registration process for a conference or event
Your Rights
You have the right to access any personal information that Newshield Enterprises Ltd processes about you and to request information about: –
What personal data we hold about you
The purposes of the processing
The categories of personal data concerned
The recipients to whom the personal data has/will be disclosed
How long we intend to store your personal data for
If we did not collect the data directly form you, information about the source
If you believe that we hold any incomplete or inaccurate data about you, you have the right to ask us to correct and/or complete the information and we will strive to update/correct it as quickly as possible; unless there is a valid reason for not doing so, at which point you will be notified.
You also have the right to request erasure of your personal data or to restrict processing in accordance with data protection laws, as well as to object to any direct marketing from us and to be informed about any automated decision-making that we use.
If we receive a request from you to exercise any of the above rights, we may ask you to verify your identity before acting on the relevant request; this is to ensure that your data is protected and kept secure.
Sharing and Disclosing Your Personal Information
We do not share or disclose any of your personal information without your consent, other than for the purposes specified in this notice or where there is a legal requirement. We may use third parties e.g. credit reference agencies, communications agencies, however all processors acting on our behalf only process your data in accordance with instructions from us and comply fully with this privacy notice, the data protection laws and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
Safeguarding Measures
We take your privacy seriously and we take every reasonable measure and precaution to protect and secure your personal data. We work hard to protect you and your information from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction and have several layers of security measures in place, including SSL, access controls, authentication, IT security and physical security measures.
Consequences of Not Providing Your Data
You are not obligated to provide your personal information to Newshield Enterprises Ltd, however, as this information is required for us to provide you with our services/deliver your products/legitimate interests, we will not be able to offer some/all of our products or services without it.
How Long We Keep Your Data
Newshield Enterprises Ltd only ever retains personal information for as long as is necessary and we have strict review and retention policies in place to meet these obligations. We are required under UK tax law to keep your basic personal data (name, address, contact details) for a minimum of 6 years after which time it will be destroyed.
Where you have consented to us using your details for direct marketing, we will keep such data until you notify us otherwise and/or withdraw your consent.
Lodging A Complaint
We only process your personal information in compliance with this privacy notice and in accordance with the relevant data protection laws. If, however you wish to raise a complaint regarding the processing of your personal data or are unsatisfied with how we have handled your information, you have the right to lodge a complaint with us via our Data Protection Officer.
c/o Clive Hadwen
Newshield Enterprises Ltd.
2H Northlands Business Park, Bognor Road, Warnham, Horsham RH12 3SH
Telephone: 01306 627087  email: clive@newshield.co.uk
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some of our web pages utilise “cookies” and other tracking technologies. A “cookie” is a small text file that may be used, for example, to collect information about website activity. Some cookies and other technologies may serve to recall Personal Information previously indicated by a web user. Most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them.
You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie or you may choose to block cookies with your browser, but please note that if you choose to erase or block your cookies, you will need to re-enter your original user ID and password to gain access to certain parts of the website. Tracking technologies may record information such as Internet domain and host names; Internet protocol (IP) addresses; browser software and operating system types; clickstream patterns; and dates and times that our site is accessed. Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies allows us to improve our website and your web experience. We may also analyse information that does not contain Personal Information for trends and statistics.
Cookies
On 26th May 2012 the rules about the use of cookies on websites changed. A cookie is a small file, typically of letters and numbers, downloaded to your device when you visit our website.
We use cookies and we need to let you know about what cookies we are using and obtain your consent to place them on your device.These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Your Consent
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Newshield Enterprises Limited. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.