https://newvistavideo.com/privacy/
Privacy • New Vista Video
New Vista Video
Home
General Videography
Events
Marketing Videos
Training Videos
Industrial Training
Learn About Us
About Us
Copyright
Contact
You are here:
PrivacyPrivacy
Privacy Policy
Your Email Address
If you provide your e-mail address via a form on this Web site, your e-mail address will not be sold, rented, leased, loaned, bartered, made public or shared with anyone or any company.
When you subscribe our newsletter your e-mail address will not be sold, rented, leased, loaned, bartered, made public or shared with anyone or any company. Should you elect to unsubscribe from a newsletter your e-mail address will be deleted from the corresponding database(s).
Personal Identification Information
We will never intentionally disclose any personal identification information about you as an individual user (such as, for example, your full name, street address, telephone number, credit card number or e-mail address) to any third party without having received your permission.
We may request personal identification information from you in connection with your use of, or participation in, subscription registrations, content submissions, requests for suggestions, visitors’ requests for additional information, and in connection with other activities, services or resources we make available on our sites. In all of these cases, we will collect personal identification information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us.
If you do provide us with personal information, we may use it to conduct the activities described above. If you identify yourself to us by sending us an e-mail with questions or comments, we may use your personal information to respond to your questions or comments. We may file your comments for future reference, or we may discard the information after we have reviewed it.
If you give us your permission, we may also use personal identification information for internal or external marketing and promotional purposes. On occasion, for example, we may send you e-mails to introduce a product or service that we think might be of interest to the users of our sites. For us to obtain your permission to send you this information, we will give you an opportunity to “opt-in” at the time our request for your personal information is made.
If you do “opt-in,” you may choose to “opt-out” at any time, even after you have provided personal information, by following the procedures set forth below at the end of this Privacy Policy. Please note, however, that under certain circumstances, if you initially do not choose to “opt-in,” or if you later “opt-out,” you may not be eligible for certain benefits for which a name, e-mail address, telephone number or other personal identification information is needed.
We have the following exceptions to these policies: We will release specific information about you or your account to comply with any valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute or court order. We will also release specific information in special cases, such as if there is a physical threat to you or others.
Non-Personal Identification Information And Cookies
We may use “cookies” to determine whether you have visited our site previously and to save and remember any preferences that you set while using our site. Our cookies cannot retrieve any other data from a hard drive or obtain an e-mail address. Although a user has the ability to modify most browsers to either accept all cookies, notify the user when a cookie is sent, or reject all cookies, it may not be possible to utilize certain services at NewVistaVideo.com if cookies are rejected.
We collect non-personal identification information through the use of “cookie” technology and/or IP address. Non-personal identification information might include the browser you use, the type of computer, the operating systems, the Internet service providers and other similar information. Our system also automatically gathers information about the areas you visit on our sites and about the links you may select from within our site to other areas of the World Wide Web or elsewhere online. We use such information in the aggregate to understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our sites.
This way we know which areas of our sites are favorites of our users, which areas need improvement, and what technologies are being used so that we may continually improve our sites. We may share this aggregate statistical information with our partners, suppliers and other third parties, but we will not share any individual names, personal navigational or other personal information.
Choice/Opt-Out
If you “opt-in” to receive information from New Vista Video or others, you can change your mind later. If at any time you would like to stop receiving such information, you can let us know by sending an e-mail stating your preference to listsupport@NewVistaVideo.com.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using any of the NewVistaVideo Sites, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our sites. Your continued use of the NewVistaVideo Sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept those changes.
Ready For Video?
Clidk To Get Started
Scriptwriting
Video Editing
Conference Videographer
What others say about us:
Video Production and EditingReviewsQuestions? Comments? Requests? Get in touch.Contact NowBrought to you by
Visit Us
Check out New Vista Video on Yelp
Special Interests
Privacy Policy
Copyright Policy
Proud Members
Copyright © 2020 New Vista Video