https://nextdaytrade.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Our Services
Delivery
Payments
Returns
Website Information
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
While every effort will be made to ensure that all items are in stock we offer no guarantee of availability and this electronic publication does not constitute an offer of sale. All images are displayed with the manufacturers/supplier’s permission. On occasion the manufacturer may make small changes to the design of a product, due to this, the item/items you receive may have small differences to the picture displayed on the website. The colour of the core may vary slightly from that shown on the website due to limitations of browser software and monitors.
1. Terms
By accessing this website, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws, and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) from our web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license, you may not:
modify or copy the materials; use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial); attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on our web site; remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server. This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by us at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on our web site are provided “as is”. We make no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, we do not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall we or our suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on our website, even if we or an authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on our web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. We do not warrant that any of the materials on our web site are accurate, complete, or current. We may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. We do not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
We have not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and are not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by us of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
We may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to our website shall be governed by the laws of the Ireland without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Search for:
Insulation
Shower Heads
Login
Blog
Contact
FAQ
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
Password *
Send me occasional promotionsYour personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
CookiesThis site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you