https://nextdaytrade.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Our Services
Delivery
Payments
Returns
Website Information
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Privacy Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of the information you provide to us.
By purchasing from Next Day Trade you acknowledge and give us permission to share your information directly with;
The manufactures of the products you purchase – to allow you to give feedback on our service, and the products we sell.
Our couriers – for delivery purposes (including live update). Without these, we cannot deliver your goods.
We do not share your information with any unauthorised third parties and we never sell your information.
Privacy Policy
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned. Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
We may have to share your information with our authorised third parties. Typical examples of this include:
Couriers – Our couriers may have access to your information; to deliver your order and contact you for updates or in the event of a problem.
Accountants – Our accountants may have access to your information; to process your orders and manage our accounts
Payment handler – Our payment handler may have access to your information; to process your payments
Printers – Our printer may have access to your information; to send any direct mail marketing
IT Service – Our IT Partners may have access to your information; to maintain our site, hardware, software, live chat and any web-based form of communication
Analytics platforms – Our analytics platform may have access to your information; to help us monitor site performance and make the experience better for customers.
Search for:
Insulation
Shower Heads
Login
Blog
Contact
FAQ
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
Password *
Send me occasional promotionsYour personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
CookiesThis site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you