https://nghcprivacy.com/ca-notice-at-collection
Your Personal Information
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) entitles California residents to certain disclosures before collection of their Personal Information.
We must tell you the categories of information we will potentially collect from you and the business purposes for our collection of Personal Information.
As explained in the Overview, CCPA does not apply to
information governed by the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) as well as other state and federal
regulations like HIPAA. However, for transparency, we have included details about this type of information
in this notice about our data collection.
Categories We Collect
The National General family includes insurance companies serving general and highly specialized markets.
To a great extent, the information we collect depends on the particular service or product you have purchased or are interested in purchasing.
We will collect what CCPA categorizes as "Identifiers" which includes things like your name, email, address, SSN, etc.
This category also includes identifiers that are associated with internet/online activity like IP address and cookies.
We will also collect Personal Information that is considered "Protected Characteristics"
like your age, ancestry, national origin, marital status, medical condition, sex, and gender.
We collect “Commercial Information” about our products and services you have purchased or considered.
In some situations, we will collect "Biometric Information," which includes things like signatures, voice recordings,
or other biological/health-related information.
As part of providing online services, we collect Personal Information categorized as "Internet Activity"
such as your interactions with our websites and at times our advertisements on other websites.
Additional categories of Personal Information we collect include geolocation data, sensory data,
professional information, and educational information.
For more examples of what information these categories of Personal Information include,
please see the section
Personal Information We Collect and May Disclose to Non-Affiliated Third Parties
in our California Privacy Policy.
How We Use Personal Information
As with the categories of Personal Information we collect, the reasons for our collecting
your information can vary based on the product or service, but all of the uses are
included in the business purposes permitted by CCPA and other applicable regulations. For example, much of the information
we collect from you is for performing everyday business operations. This can
include things like providing quotes for premiums, underwriting your insurance, servicing
your policies, and adjusting claims. The additional purposes with examples are detailed
in the Business Purpose section of our California Privacy Policy.
None of the NGHC family of companies sell your Personal Information, as defined in CCPA.
With your prior consent, we will share your Personal Information with our trusted
network of partners to help you obtain insurance quotes that you have requested.
Additionally, some of our companies share Personal Information with our affiliates,
partners, and service providers. We do this in order to make additional products
and services available that may be of interest to you and to improve your overall
interactions with us.
Last updated on October 6, 2020
Notice of Collection: The Personal Information collected from the NGHC Consumer Privacy Portal or in relation to a California
consumer's exercise of their privacy rights will only be used by us as allowed by law and to fulfill our obligations under the law.
© 2020 National General Holdings Corp.