https://nma.org/whats-news/terms-and-conditions/
Become a Member
Core Issues
Issues
Economy
Energy
Environment
Air
Finance
Land
Reclamation
Water
Infrastructure
Innovation
Land Access
Coal Permitting
Minerals Permitting
National Security
Safety
Uranium
Campaigns
CORESafety®
Count on Coal
Mine the Vote
Minerals Make Life
MINExpo INTERNATIONAL® 2020
Sentinels of Safety Award
Facts, Stats and Data
Statistics
Fact Sheets
Reports
Polling
Toolkits
Regulation Tracker
What’s New
Press Releases
Blogs
From the President’s Desk
Minerals Make Life
CORESafety®
Count on Coal
Testimony
In the News
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
About NMA
Mission & Objectives
Leadership
Membership
Member List
Meetings & Events
Resources
Coronavirus Assistance & Response
Health, Safety and Business Assistance
The American Mining Industry Responds to COVID-19 Health Crisis
Member Content
Login
Forgot password?
Remember Me
Login
Search
Homepage
What’s New
Terms and Conditions
BY VISITING NMA.ORG, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE POLICIES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY BELOW
Last updated: March 8, 2017
NMA.ORG (this “Website”) is a service offered by The National Mining Association, (“NMA”). This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) describes the terms and conditions applicable to your access, use of this Website, and the protection of your information hereunder. NMA takes your privacy very seriously. This Privacy Policy applies to the following sites: www.nma.org (and each sub-domain associated with this URL) and other websites owned and/or operated by or for NMA and its affiliated entities, including any mobile sites (collectively, the “Sites”). By merely visiting the Sites, you are accepting the terms and condition set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you are not permitted to use the Sites.
NMA may revise this Agreement, in its sole discretion, at any time by posting the amended Privacy Policy on this Website. For your convenience, the date of last revision has been included at the top this page. By using the Website after we post any changes to this Privacy Policy, you agree to accept those changes, whether or not you have reviewed them. Your continued use of the Website after changes have been posted will constitute your acceptance of such changes.
Data/Information NMA collects and how it may be used:Personally Identifiable Information
NMA may request and collect your personally identifiable information at certain points throughout the Website or on one of our affiliated sites. Depending on the information and/or services that may interest you, you may be asked to provide your name, email address, address, phone number, and/or other similar identifiable information. Once you voluntarily provide your personal information, you are no longer anonymous to NMA or its affiliated entities. We may use this information to respond to an email or other inquiry, to help improve the Website and our services, to better customize your experience on this Website, or to send updates or notices to you about NMA. However, we will not share your personally identifiable information with anyone outside NMA and its affiliated entities (except as otherwise provided under the section below entitled, Required Disclosures).
In addition, NMA does track and recognize each visitor’s domain and IP address and how long the domain/IP address is logged on a given webpage and the number and type of pages visited. This data does not typically include personally identifiable information and is used by NMA solely to more efficiently operate and administer the Website.
Demographic Information
We may collect information about products or services you like, reviews you submit, or where you shop. We might also collect information like your age or gender.
Location Information
If you use our mobile websites or applications, we may collect location data obtained from your mobile device. If you use our websites, we may collect location data obtained from your IP address.
Does NMA disclose your personal information to outside third parties?No, NMA does not disclose any information, personal or otherwise, to outside third parties. NMA may use your personal information to send you surveys or email messages about NMA projects, events, and services. You may choose to opt-out of receiving e-mails and information from NMA. You may choose to de-activate your NMA membership or login account.
Third Party LinksNMA, from time to time, provides links to third party groups or websites to help promote either its individual members or information for the benefit of NMA’s members and/or the general public. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected in connection with this Website. NMA is not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites that may be linked to this Website. NMA encourages users to read the privacy policies of such websites and/or third-party advertisers listed on such websites when connected to such sites via this Website. Furthermore, NMA encourages you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
Required Disclosure of your personal information
NMA reserves the right to disclose your information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to: (i) conform to the edicts of law or comply with legal process served on NMA or any of its affiliated entities; (ii) protect and defend the rights of NMA or any of its affiliated entities, and/or (iii) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Website or the general public.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
You should review the Privacy Policy whenever you use the Website in order to be aware of the ways that your personal information, if any, may be used. NMA reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy at any time, without prior notice. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, the changes will be posted on this document.
What’s the cost of giving China a competitive advantage on minerals mining? See the impacts of America’s import rel… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
WASHINGTON, D.C. – The following statement was released today by National Mining Association (NMA) President and CEO Rich Nolan in support of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's draft guidance clarifying wastewater permit requirements under the Maui decision:
“EPA’s draft guidance is an important... Read More
December 09, 2020
CORESafety TV: November 2020
NMA Mining Month
Meetings and Events
NMA Staff Directory
NMA:
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
LinkedIn
Minerals Make Life:
Twitter
Facebook
Count on Coal:
Twitter
Facebook
CORE Safety:
Twitter
Facebook
© 2019, National Mining Association