https://nodig.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions of Use for TIC site:
The Trenchless Information Center® ("TIC") recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of all information provided by users of this website, those who conduct business with TIC online, and those who submit resumes and other email correspondence. This Privacy Policy describes the information that TIC collects at this website, and how we use, share, and protect the information collected. Your use of this website constitutes your agreement with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use this website.
Please note that when you visit this website, any information you provide will be transferred to the United States, where our website is located. By visiting this website, you consent to the collection, processing, transfer, and storage of such data in the United States.
Your use of this website is also subject to TIC's website Terms and Conditions.
INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY
As a general matter, each time a visitor uses this website, the website hosting company's server collects basic technical information automatically, such as the visitor's IP address, browser type, referring website, and access times. TIC tracks and aggregates visitor activity in an analysis of general traffic flow. This information may be aggregated into group data, which may be shared on an aggregated basis with third parties but, except as otherwise disclosed in this Privacy Policy, TIC will not disclose individual personal information without permission.
PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED VOLUNTARILY
TIC may collect personal information voluntarily provided by you, such as your first name, last name, mailing address, e-mail address, phone number, or username, in connection with your use of this website. The information requested depends on the feature offered. Your participation in these features and your sharing of your personal information with TIC constitutes your agreement to such sharing.
USE AND SHARING OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
TIC collects personal information about our users to facilitate use of this website, register visitors for e-mail updates and other features, and respond to e-mails, comments, requests, and complaints. Any information collected at this website may be shared with carefully selected fulfillment, service providers and other agents to fulfill your requests, provide you with information and updates, and maintain and improve the website and offerings. We may also share your personal information with third parties for analytics purposes. Certain features available at the website, such as a TIC posting boards, may require public posting of personal information. Your participation in these features constitutes your agreement to such sharing and posting. TIC will not otherwise disclose your personal information without your consent except (i) to safeguard the website, intellectual property, users, or the rights of third parties, (ii) to investigate violations of our Terms and Conditions, or (iii) as required by law or in response to a court order or legal request.
SECURITY
TIC uses reasonable measures to ensure that personal information received from online visitors is protected from unauthorized access and use. Users are warned, however, that the Internet is not a secure medium, any information that you provide may be subject to interception, and you provide such information at your own risk.
COOKIES
Some of the pages on this website utilize "cookies" so that we can better serve you when you next return to the website. Cookies are identifiers that a website places on your computer's hard drive in order to facilitate the interaction between your computer and the website. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
TIC reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without notice; provided, however, that we will not retroactively change how we share your personal information without your consent. Please check back periodically for any changes we may make to this privacy policy, as your continued use of this website following the posting of any changes means that you accept such changes.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or want to update or modify your personal information, you may contact Northeast Consulting, Inc. by mail at: 22 Jewelberry Drive, Webster, NY 14580, by phone at: (585) 787-1519, or by e-mail at: Contact Us.
Effective Date: 1/1/2018
JOIN OUR NODIG COMMUNITY
Be updated on exclusive promos, events, new products, and more!
DECEMBER GIVE AWAY PROMO!
Just create a NoDig.com account and get a chance to win a Hathorn DuraSCOPE™ WIFI CAMERA REEL with a value of $6000. More details about the giveaway HERE.
Username *
Email Address *
First Name *
Last Name *
Company Name *
Password *
Confirm Password *
What are you interested in?
Pipe Lining | CoatingHDD | BoringPipe BurstingPipe CleaningPipe InspectionTrainingAll the Above
Submit
By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive Marketing & Informational Emails from NoDig.com. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the Unsubscribe link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.
×
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Allow CookiesDismiss