https://nokeval.com/privacy-policy/
Who we are
Our website address is: https://nokeval.com. The address is property of Nokeval Oy. You’ll find us also at address Rounionkatu 107, 37150 Nokia, Finland. We can be reached by email at sales at nokeval.com (remove extra spacing and replace at with @). Privacy Policy of Nokeval’s customer database.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We collect website’s technical data with cookies and analytics services. Read more about the privacy policy of Google Analytics. Data is gathered for imporving the site’s functions and customer experience.
Contact form
Messages sent through contact form are saved to Nokeval’s CRM system and website administration system. The data is stored 2 years after contact or ending the customer relationship. The saved information includes the data found in the contact form: name, address, phone number, email and reason for the contact. The information is saved for upkeeping the customer relationship, contacting and statistics. If the contact form user has given rights for marketing, the information is used also for marketing purposes.
Cookies
If you send your information through the contact form on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics and Leadfeeder to track the traffic on our website. Read more about Google Analytics terms & conditions.  Do you want to end the gathering of your personal analytics? Read more about browser settings.
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices (in particular device’s IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link.
You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link.
Who we share your data with
We never share your data with third parties.
What rights you have over your data
You can request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Messages sent through contact form are checked through an automated spam detection service.
Find a new solution
New Measuring Device
New Cloud Service
New Service System
Device Examples
System solutions
Data Collecting System
Measuring Devices
Cloud Service
New Product Development
Off the Shelf
Wireless Products
Displays
Signal Convertors
Infrared Devices
Support
Calibration Certificates
Manuals
Programs and Drivers
Maintenance
About
Who Are We
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Legal Stuff
Type and Press “enter” to Search
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ACCEPT