https://nomad.nl/privacy-policy/
Store Locator
My account
0 Cart
I AM NOMAD | Shipping within 24 hours | Shop now | Free shipping for all orders over € 20,- | Free returns.
Privacy Policy
DATA PROTECTION STATEMENT
Thank you for your interest in our website. The protection of your privacy is important to us. Below you will find detailed information on how we handle your personal data.
Who monitors the personal data that we collect from you?
The organization responsible for collecting, processing and using your personal data via the www.nomad.info website is The Nomad Company B.V., The NOMAD®Company B.V., Landzigt 32a, 3454 PE, De Meern, The Netherlands (hereinafter referred to as “NOMDA®”, “we” or “us”).
What personal data do we collect from you and process?
You can visit our website without providing any personal data. We only collect and process access data that is sent to us automatically by your Internet browser for technical reasons. Depending on the access protocol used, the log data record contains general data with the following information: Time and date you accessed the website, browser type and version, type of terminal and Internet connection, and the name of the operating system used. This data does not allow any conclusions to be drawn about you personally and is only analyzed to improve our service.
Furthermore, we collect and store the following categories of personal data, if you voluntarily disclose this to us on our website (e.g. if you set up a customer account or place an order or make contact with us):
Data for processing orders in the Nomad Online Shop
This personal data includes: Title, first name, last name, date of birth, form of address, e-mail address, delivery and invoicing address (including post code, place and country), telephone and fax number, type and quantity of the products ordered, purchase order number, order date, order status, date and time of delivery, order value, currency, payment information such as credit card number and expiry date, returns and offers for you and, if you have given your consent, the location from which you accessed our website.
Data for prize games, newsletter service and other communications with you
This personal data includes: Title, first name, last name, date of birth, e-mail address, country and content of the communication (e.g. via online contact form, e-mail or by post) and, if you have given your consent, the location from which you accessed our website.
For what purposes do we collect, process and use your personal data?
Nomad collects, processes and uses your personal data for the following purposes: Provision of the website with all functions, in particular the creation of a customer account and subscription to the newsletter, processing and executing purchase orders in the Nomad online shop, communications (e.g. via the online contact form, e-mail or by post), advertising (if required by law, only with your consent), market research surveys, performance of prize games and other marketing campaigns, compliance with legal regulations and assertion of rights.
Furthermore, we use your pseudonymized user profiles for the purposes of advertising, market research and to design the website to meet your needs. You may object to this usage at any time by contacting us as described in Item 5.
Who has access to your personal data or to whom is your personal data sent?
Transfer to external service providers
Our external service providers provide support as contract data processors in respect of the provision of the website, the provision and implementation of the Nomad Online Shop and other technical and organizational services and marketing campaigns. These service providers may, if applicable, have access to your personal data so that they can provide these services for us. In this context, we require our service providers to implement and maintain security measures in order to ensure the confidentiality and security of your data that you entrust us with. These service providers are primarily based and process your personal data in The Netherlands or the EU or the EEA. In some cases it is possible that our service providers also process and store your data outside the EU or the EEA and consequently in countries that do not have the same level of data protection as countries in the EU or EEA.
Other transfers
In addition to this and if applicable, we communicate personal data to the authorities, financial, tax or legal advisers, or other third parties, providing that we have a legal obligation to do this or this is legally permissible in order to protect our rights or the rights of third parties, to prevent damage to property or injuries to persons, to combat fraud or to assert the conditions of use of the Nomad website.
Transfer to recipients who are resident outside the EU or the EEA
Nomad acknowledges that the European Union and The Netherlands have established a comprehensive data protection system in accordance with the European Data Protection Directive (95/46/EG) and the Dutch Federal Data Protection Act (together the “Data Protection Act”). The Data Protection Act restricts the transfer of personal data to recipients who are resident outside the EU or the EEC.
As it is possible that the recipients listed above may also be resident outside the EU or the EEA, Nomad will take all necessary measures, where these are necessary, to ensure that the personal data is appropriately protected, such as through EU standard contractual clauses or decisions of the European Commission that the state in which the recipient is resident offers an appropriate level of data protection, or other appropriate protective measures to safeguard such data transfer.
What rights do you have and where can you assert these?
Where you have consented to the collection, processing and use of your personal data, you can withdraw your consent at any time to take effect for the future. You can also object to the use of your personal data for the purposes of marketing, public opinion research and advertising. No costs are incurred for this other than the transfer costs in accordance with the basic rate. You can also unsubscribe from receiving our newsletter by clicking on the opt-out link which appears in every newsletter we send.
Furthermore, the Dutch Federal Data Protection Act gives you the right to obtain information about your personal data that we are holding and, if applicable, to have this corrected, blocked or deleted.
To exercise your rights as stated above, please contact:
Contacts for data protection
Address:
The NOMAD® Company B.V.,
Landzigt 32a
3454 PE, De Meern
The Netherlands
E-Mail: mail@nomad.info
Tel: 0031-030-6622423
6.  Our cookie guideline on the use of cookies on our website:
This website uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and store information.
a. What are cookies?
A cookie is a small piece of text that is sent to your browser and stored on the hard disk of your computer or other terminals. If you access a website, a cookie on your terminal sends information to the party that has placed the cookie. Cookies are extremely common and are used on numerous websites. Each cookie typically contains the name of the domain that places the cookie, the life of the cookie and a value (typically, a unique number). You can find a detailed explanation about what cookies are and how they operate under www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org. You can set your browser so that a message appears on the screen when a cookie is sent so that you can decide whether the cookie is to be installed on your hard disk or whether in general cookies are not accepted. However, we would like to point out that it is possible that you will not be able to use all our website’s functions if you do not accept cookies.
b. Why are cookies useful?
A website operator can do many useful things with cookies. For example, a cookie allows a website operator to ascertain whether a computer (or, possibly, also the user of this computer) has visited the website before. In general, the purpose of cookies is to improve the functionality and the user experience of the website. Cookies allow a website to operate more efficiently, provide additional functions and provide website operators with additional functions about your visit to a website. Cookies allow the website operator to measure the overall usage of the website and find out which areas users prefer. Cookies help to make the user’s visit to the website easier, because they recognize a user returning to the website and make sure that the user experience is tailored to the user concerned.
c. Which cookies have we incorporated in our website?
The following table lists the cookies that we have placed on our website.
Functional (necessary) cookies
We use a functional cookie, which is necessary to make navigation on the website possible. This cookie is only valid for the duration of your browser session. In order to remember your choice to accept or refuse our cookies, it is necessary that we place a cookie (cookieAccepted). This cookie is valid for a maximum of two years.
These are our own cookies, and they can only be read by authorised employees with Nomad. Nomad will not share the collected data with third parties, unless under obligation to do so.
Analytical cookies
Analytical cookies record how users use our website. With this information, the use of our website can be analysed and statistics can be generated. This way we can understand the visitors of our website better, and use this knowledge to improve the website. For this we use the service Google Analytics. In that context, analytical cookies are placed on our website from the provider of this service: Google Inc. Based on this data collected with cookies, Google makes anonymous reports for Nomad about the use of our website.
We have configured the Google Analytics cookies as ‘privacy friendly’, in line with the guidelines related to this by the Personal Data Authority. This means we process less data from you. For more information (in English) about these cookies and their validity, click here. Google offers further possibilities to unsubscribe for the collection of data within the context of Google Analytics, click here to make use of this option. Click here for more general information about how Google uses cookies. Google has not been granted permission to use the gathered information for other (Google) services. Google only receives anonymous information, without your IP address being supplied, for example.
Social media cookies
In order to offer the users of our website the possibility to share content, we have placed social media buttons on these websites, like a Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram share. By using this share option, cookies can be placed on your device. These cookies can include functional cookies, which make the social media options possible, but also analytical cookies. Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram can use these cookies and the information gathered through them for their own purposes. We would like to refer you to the privacy policy of Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram and other social media programs.
The cookies related to social media are not placed or read by us, but by the social media provider in question. We have limited knowledge of and no control over these cookies. We do not accept responsibility or accountability for these social media cookies or how the social media providers in question handle the gathered information.
Tracking cookies
With your permission we place cookies on your computer, which can be requested as soon as your visit the websites from Nomad. Whenever you use our websites, we collect (a part) of your IP address, type of browser, control system and application version, language settings, the page through which you came to our website and the pages of our website you have visited. We also collect information about the response to email messages. If you visit our website from a mobile device, we also collect information about the brand of your mobile device and other specific characteristics of the device.
The profile that is put together through this is not connected to your name, address, email address and such, but only serves to adjust content to your profile, so that it is as relevant to you as possible.
Switching off and deleting cookies and opt-out
Most web browsers give you a certain amount of scope for controlling cookies via browser settings. By selecting suitable browser settings you can completely reject the use of cookies. You can also use the browser to delete cookies that have already been placed. The following websites provide further information on this, according to the browser used: Firefox, Internet Explorer, Google Chrome and Safari.
You can also deactivate JavaScript at any time. Please note that it possible that certain functions of our website will not function properly if cookies and JavaScript are deactivated, and many areas will probably not function at all.
Similar technologies
Furthermore, we or third-party service providers use in connection with our website tags (also known as action tags, single-pixel GIFs, clear GIFs, invisible GIFs or 1-by-1 GIFs), which may be placed both in online advertisements and also on various pages of this website. With the help of such tags we can produce statistics on users’ interaction with our website so that we can then tailor the website content to customer requirements more effectively.
Also, when we send you newsletters or other communications in connection with prize games and other marketing campaigns, we use technologies such as web beacons and clear GIFs so that we can track the opening rates of e-mails and click rates. These technologies, in connection with cookies, help us to understand your interests better and to send you more appropriate and targeted communications.
Changes to this data protection statement
We may change or supplement the information contained in this data protection statement at any time and would therefore ask you to check this data protection statement at regular intervals.
Data protection statement most recently updated: April 2018
Subscribe to the NOMAD® newsletter
Stay up to date on the latest NOMAD® news, product releases, expert advise and awesome stories from NOMAD® adventures. Plus receive exclusive content by subscribing to our newsletter.
Subscribe
×
My Account
Search
Equipment
Sleeping bags
Mummy
Rectangular
Young NOMADS
Accessories
Sleeping mats
Self-inflating mats
Air mats
Young NOMADS
Accessories
Bags & backpacks
Backpacks
Hiking daypacks
Travelbags
Laptop bags
Accessories
Tents
Hiking tents
Lightweight & compact tents
Family tents
Young NOMADS
Accessories
Socks
Crew
Quarter
Footie
Activities
Travel
Backpacking
Hiking
Day and weekend activity
Walking
Camping
Camping
Lightweight camping
Family camping
Young NOMAD camping
Bikepacking
Bikepacking
Daily
To school/work
Expert advise
Stories
Stories
Social Media
Language
English
Dutch
Deutsch
Cart
Cart
×
What are you looking for?
Keep me informed
Follow Nomad