https://norfolk-lavender.co.uk/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
My Account
Checkout
Log In
Norfolk Lavender
Shopping Basket
0 ITEM - £0.00
You have no items in your shopping basket.
Checkout
View Basket
Navigation
(open)LAVENDER PRODUCTS
Norfolk Lavender Bath and Body
Norfolk Lavender Homeware designed by Emma Ball
Norfolk Lavender Food and Drink
Norfolk Lavender CBD Range
NEW Homeware designed by Emma Ball
Norfolk Lavender Homeware
Candles, Melts and Diffusers
Gifts
Gift Sets
(open)LAVENDER PLANTS
Lavender Angustifolia
Lavender X Intermedia (LAVANDIN)
Lavender Stoechas 'THE FRENCH'
(open)VISIT USA FRAGRANT EXPERIENCETHE LAVENDER LOUNGE TEA ROOMGIFT SHOPSTHE ANIMAL GARDENSHERB GARDENS AND PLANT CENTRETOURSLAVENDER OIL DISTILLERY LAVENDER FIELDSNATIONAL COLLECTION OF LAVENDERSLAVENDERS FOR YOUR GARDENOUR FACILITIESCOACH PARTY INFORMATIONEVENTS AND NEWSFIND US(open)ABOUTABOUTHISTORYSTOCKISTS
CONTACT US
Menu
Privacy Policy
1. Use of Your Personal Information
1.1
When you use this site you will be asked to provide certain information such as your contact details. We will store this data and hold it on computers or otherwise. We will use this data to fulfil our agreement with you.
1.2
We may use information that you provide or that is obtained by us: To administer our web site services, for assessment and analysis (e.g. market, customer/patient and product analysis) to enable us to review, develop and improve the services which we offer and to enable us to provide you and other customers with relevant information through our marketing programme. We may use your information to make decisions about you using computerised technology, for example automatically selecting products or services which we think will interest you from the information we have. We may keep you informed of such products and services (including special offers, discounts, offers, competitions and so on by any of the following methods:
e-mail
telephone (including automated calls)
post
fax
or otherwise (including products and services of other companies and organisations) which we consider may be of interest to you.
If you want to be removed from our database for these purposes, click here to use our unsubscribe form on the Homape Page and put in your name with the email address that you wish to be removed. Please note that it may take up to 28 days to action your request.
2. Disclosure of Your Information
2.1
We will not give information about you to anyone except for law enforcement agencies involved in fraud prevention and detection if we have a duty to do so or if the law allows us to do so companies who work in association with us who will provide other services for you. We will not do this without your express permission.
3. Cookies
3.1
Some web sites use technology called "cookies" to deliver customised visitor experiences. A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. Cookies allow companies to understand who has seen which pages and advertisements, to determine how frequently particular pages are visited and to determine the most popular areas of our web site. This web site does not use cookies.
4. Security
4.1
We will treat all of your information in strict confidence and we will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose online. You accept the inherent security risks of providing information and dealing online over the Internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default.
4.2
Your browser generates other information, including which language the site is displayed in, and your Internet Protocol address ("IP address"). An IP address is a set of numbers which is assigned to your computer during a browsing session whenever you log on to the Internet via your internet service provider or your network (if you access the internet from, for example, a computer at work). Your IP address is automatically logged by our servers and used to collect traffic data about visitors to our web sites. We do not use your IP address to identify you personally.
5. General
5.1
You have the right to find out the personal data (as defined in the Data Protection Act) that we keep about you, upon receipt of a written request and payment of a fee. Please write to us at:Data ControllerNorfolk Lavender Trading Ltd Caley Mill,Heacham, Kings Lynn, Norfolk, PE31 7JE
5.2
If you are concerned that any of the information we hold on you is incorrect or you have a general enquiry in connection with our Privacy policy, please contact us.
5.3
Please be aware that our web site may link to other web sites which may be accessed through our site. We are not responsible for the data policies or procedures or the content of these linked web sites.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Information
Orders and Returns
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
My Account
Visiting Us
Norfolk Lavender is at the heart of the West Coast of Norfolk. You'll find some of Britain's most attractive countryside, a glorious coastline, and a rich, vibrant heritage. Pop PE31 7JE into your sat nav
Norfolk Lavender is easy to find, we're on the main A149 road just 3 miles south of Hunstanton, Follow the brown tourist signs!
ENQUIRIES please phone 01485 570384
© 2017 - Norfolk Lavender Trading Ltd - All rights reserved.
Powered by Tec Tamers LLP
Facebook
Twitter
Copyright 2017 Norfolk Lavender
Top