https://noritakechina.com/legal-and-privacy/
Due to our COVID-19 protocols, Noritake is currently experiencing longer-than-usual ship times.
Click here for pattern information on dishwasher and microwave safety!
Gift Registry
Try Samples @ Home
Checkout
Cart
(
)
My Account
Search
Search
Advanced Search
Search
Toggle Nav
CollectionsAll PatternsCasual PatternsFormal PatternsNew Pattern ArrivalsColorwaveColorTexColorscapesBoB and WoWColorTrioHammockColorvaraCulinary WhiteInternationalMastersRamshackle GlamBetween Naps on the PorchDinnerwarePlace SettingsBowlsDinner PlatesSalad PlatesMugs & CupsAccent PlatesBread & Butter PlatesAppetizer PlatesSetsValue SetsServewarePlattersServing BowlsSugars & CreamersCoffee & Tea ServersPitchersSalt & PeppersGravy BoatsButter DishesBakewareSalad ServersFlatwareDrinkwareCrystal StemwareCasual GlasswareMugs & CupsWine GlassesChampagne FlutesGobletsIced BeverageTumblersPitchersLinensGifts & HolidayGiftsHolidayOkuraVasesHost/Hostess GiftsGifts $25 and UnderGifts $50 and UnderSaleSale ItemsClearance Items
Help & Learn
Contact Noritake
Breakage Replacement Program
Glossary
Why Register Your Pattern?
Shipping Information & Rates
Blog: The Noritake Dish
Vintage/Retired Patterns
Register Your Pattern
Return Policy
Appraisals
Noritake Collectors
Sign up for Email
Noritake History
Care & Use
FAQ
What is China?
Product Storage
Legal & Privacy
Home
Legal and Privacy
Join us on Instagram
Shop Colorwave
Is my pattern dishwasher or microwave safe?
Sign up for emails
Contact Noritake
Dishwasher & Microwave Info
Noritake History
What is China?
Breakage Replacement Program
Product Care & Use
Product Storage
Why Register Your Pattern?
Register Your Pattern
Gift Registry
Shipping Information
FAQ
Legal & Privacy
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Noritake Collectors
Vintage/Retired Patterns
Appraisals
Glossary
Sign Up for Emails
Videos
Legal & Privacy
Legal Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Welcome to the Noritake Co., Inc. website. Noritake Co., Inc. ("we" or "us") maintains this website (the "Site") as a service to our visitors (“you”). By using and accessing the Site, you agree to comply with and be bound by the following Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Please review the following Agreement and Policy carefully. If you do not agree to these terms, you should not access or use the Site.
Agreement Scope. This Terms of Use Agreement ("Agreement") and our Privacy Policy (the "Policy") govern your use of this Site and our use of information you provide us or which we obtain from you on this Site. We may amend the Agreement and the Policy from time-to-time, by posting the amended terms on this Site. Use of the website after the effective date of the amendments constitutes acceptance of the amended terms. We reserve the right to apply the amended terms to the information we have already collected, subject to any legal constraints. You should review this Agreement and the Policy prior to using the Site, to see if there have been any changes.
Copyright. All materials (including text, data, content, images, trademarks, trade dress, photographs, graphics, design, and software on the Site are protected by copyrights, trademark or other intellectual property rights. You may use these materials in connection with shopping and obtaining information about our products and services for your personal use. These materials are owned by us or are used with permission of their owners or as otherwise authorized by law. You may not copy, distribute, or publish any part of these materials, except as allowed by Section 3.
Limited Right to Use. You may use the material and software on the Site as an information and shopping resource. You may print, download, or transmit a single copy of material from the Site for your personal use. No part of the Site may be used for any other purposes. Any other use of the Site or its content is strictly prohibited, unless we grant an exception in writing.
Trademark Ownership. The registered and unregistered trademarks, service marks and logos that are used and displayed on the Site (the "Trademarks") are owned by us, our affiliates, or others. You are not granted any right or license to use any Trademark. You may not use any Trademark (a) to identify products or services that are not affiliated with us; (b) in any manner likely to cause confusion; (c) in or as part of your own trademarks; (d) in a manner that implies that we sponsor or endorse your products or services; or (e) in any manner that disparages or discredits us. We aggressively enforce our intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.
User comments or submissions for posting. By submitting any postings, comments, or other materials to the Site, you give us a non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide license to publish the material in any media now known or hereafter developed, and to use, adapt, recast, distribute, display, perform, or transmit it in any way, or allow others to do so, in our sole discretion. By submitting your name, address, photo, or other identifying data as part of a posting, you give us the right to publish that material and identifying data. Please do not submit any confidential, proprietary, or copyrighted material without authorization of the owner. Submission of any material that is obscene, defamatory, or that infringes any trademark, copyright, privacy right, or other legal right is prohibited. We reserve the right in our sole discretion to edit or delete any comments, submissions, or other postings.
Pricing and Payment Terms.
By placing an order to purchase a product or service, you agree to pay the purchase price set forth on the Site. We are not responsible for any incorrect price listing on the Site due to a typographical error, an error in pricing information received from our suppliers, or our failure to timely update pricing information. If any price is listed incorrectly, we shall have the right to cancel any order placed for the product or service, whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, we will promptly issue a credit to your credit card account.
Payment terms are within our sole and absolute discretion and, unless otherwise agreed to by us in writing, payment must be received by us prior to our acceptance of your order. Payment for any product or service purchased through the Site must be made by credit card.
You agree that if you purchase something from us: (i) any credit card information you supply will be true, correct and complete; (ii) you will use your best efforts to ensure that your credit card company honors any charges incurred by you; and (iii) you will promptly pay the charges incurred by you at the posted prices, including any applicable taxes.
Sales Tax; Shipping and Handling Charges. The purchase prices posted on the Site do not include sales tax. We will charge applicable sales tax where permitted. If we do not charge a sales tax, you will be responsible for the payment of any applicable sales or use tax in the state, county, or municipality in which you reside. Purchase prices do not include shipping and handling charges. By placing an order, you agree to pay the shipping and handling charges set forth on the order form or on the Site's checkout page. All items purchased from the Site are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items passes to you upon our delivery of the product to the carrier.
Return Policy. If you have any questions or concerns with your purchase or if you wish to return any items, you can either contact us or call toll-free at 1-800-562-1991, from Monday to Friday, 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time.
Links to Other Websites. The Site contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions expressed in such websites, or for their privacy policies. Inclusion of any linked website to our Site does not imply approval or endorsement of the linked website by us. You access these third-party Sites at your own risk.
Third-Party Websites. We allow access to, or advertise, third-party merchant websites ("Merchants") from which you may purchase certain goods or services. We do not operate or control those Merchants and we are not a party to any transactions entered into between you and Merchants. You agree that use of such Merchants is AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND IS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND BY US, EXPRESSED, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, FITNESS FOR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES ARE WE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN YOU AND MERCHANTS OR FOR ANY INFORMATION APPEARING ON MERCHANT SITES OR ANY OTHER SITE LINKED TO OUR SITE.
Risk and Indemnification. Your use of this Site, and any reliance on any material on this Site, is at your own risk. To the fullest extent permissible by applicable law, you agree that you hereby release us and our affiliates from any and all liability arising from the access or use of this Site. A User's sole remedy for any problem or concern is to exit this Website. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us and our partners, employees, representatives and affiliates harmless from any liability, loss, claim and expense, including reasonable attorney's fees, related to your violation of this Agreement, the Policy or your use of the Site. This provision is intended to be as broad and as inclusive as is permitted by the laws of New Jersey.
Disclaimer. THE INFORMATION FROM OR ON THE SITE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND ON AN "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED AS TO THE USE OR OPERATION OF THE SITE OR THE CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS OR PRODUCTS AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE) RELATED TO THE SITE, ITS USE OR OPERATION AND ANY INFORMATION AVAILABLE ON THE SITE. THE SITE, AND THE INFORMATION AND SERVICES AVAILABLE MAY CONTAIN BUGS, ERRORS, PROBLEMS OR OTHER LIMITATIONS. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE AND OUR AFFILIATES ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, LITIGATION, OR THE LIKE), WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. These limitations of damages are fundamental elements of this Agreement. This Site and the information would not be provided without such limitations. This disclaimer is intended to be as broad and as inclusive as is permitted by the laws of New Jersey.
Privacy Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy, which is a part of this Agreement.
Termination. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to immediately and without notice suspend or terminate your registration or ability to access the Site or any other service we provide to you for any reason, including if we think you have breached this Agreement or the Privacy Policy or have engaged in conduct that we believe is inappropriate or harmful to our or others' interests.
Information and Press Releases. The Site contains information and press releases about us. While this information was believed to be accurate as of the date prepared, we disclaim any duty or obligation to update this information or any press releases. Information about companies other than ours contained in the press release or otherwise, should not be relied upon as being provided or endorsed by us.
Nontransferable. Your right to use the Site is not transferable. Any password or right given to you to obtain information or documents or to purchase products or services is not transferable.
Governing Law/Venue. The Site is offered by Noritake Co., Inc. from its offices in the State of New York, United States of America. By accessing the Site, you agree that the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of law principle thereof, will apply to all matters relating to your use of the Site including any purchases of products or services. You also agree that you will submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the federal and state courts located in New York City, New York, with respect to such matters.
Statute of Limitations/Limitation of Actions. You must bring any legal action concerning the Site (and/or any information, products or services related to the Site) within one (1) year after the cause of action arose. All actions shall be subject to the limitations set forth in this Terms of Use Agreement.
Waiver. Our failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of such provision nor of the right to enforce such provision.
Copyright Violations: If you believe that any material on this Site infringes your copyright, please notify us as follows, under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"). To notify us, the DMCA requires that you: 1. Send an email to help@noritake.com. In your email: a. Identify the copyrighted work(s) you claim is infringed; b. Identify the material you claim is infringing the copyright(s), and give enough information for us to locate that material; c. Include a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf (the "Claimant"); d. Include the Claimant's name, address, and telephone number(s); e. Include a statement that the Claimant has a good faith belief that use of the disputed material is not authorized by the copyright owner or his agent; and f. Include a statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification of copyright infringement is accurate and that the Claimant is the copyright owner or is authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy reflects our commitment to combine the highest quality products and services with high levels of integrity in dealing with our customers and partners. The Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our Site and our products and services. We consider the information you share with us strictly confidential and we use that information only as specified in this Privacy Policy.
Acceptance of Agreement. By accessing or using the Site, you are expressly agreeing to comply with and be bound by this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. This Policy will be continuously reviewed and revised in light of new technologies, business practices and our customers' needs. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting the amended terms on this Site. Use of the website after the effective date of the amendments constitutes acceptance of the amended terms. We reserve the right to apply the amended terms to the information we have already collected, subject to any legal constraints.
Collecting Information About You. In general, you can visit many of our web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We may track the internet domain address from which people visit us and analyze this data for trends and statistics, but individual users will remain anonymous unless you voluntarily tell us who you are. Our order forms require you to give us contact information and other personal information, such as your name, shipping/billing address, telephone number, e-mail address, and payment information. Whether or not you provide such information is completely your choice. But, if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to receive the products or services you have requested.
Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Information. We use the personal information you provide to us to fulfill your orders and for internal purposes, such as analyzing usage and trends, and sending you email notices about our new products, services, and offers. We may share your contact information with our affiliates for those purposes as well. We may disclose your personal information to entities that assist us with technical and internal issues, on a need to know basis and subject to confidentiality obligations. We will not share your personal credit card or other financial information with any third party, except as necessary to facilitate or process a financial transaction or comply with a legal obligation. From time-to-time, we might establish a business relationship with other entities with products or services that we think may be of interest to you and whose privacy policies are consistent with ours. In such cases, we might share your contact, demographic and purchase information, to enable them to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you. We reserve the right to provide any successor in interest with our customer and user databases, and to comply with court orders or other legal obligations. We may also disclose information when legally compelled to do so, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires such disclosure or for legal enforcement purposes.
Cookies. To help us deliver content that you need and want, we collect Site-visit statistics using "Cookies." A Cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. As you access our Site, the Cookies gather information regarding your browsing activities. Generally, we use Cookies to tailor our content delivery to your personal interests, process your order and/or analyze your visiting patterns. We do not use the technology to capture your individual e-mail address or any other personal information about you. You can delete cookies and can set your browser to notify you when you are sent a Cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. If you choose not to have your browser accept cookies from our Site, you will not experience a personalized visit nor will you be able to subscribe to certain service offerings on the Site.
Security. Our Site has security measures to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Our security software is up to industry standards. However, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our Site and you do so at your own risk. We urge you to keep your password in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone. Also, remember to close your browser window when you have finished your visit. This is to ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place such as a library or internet café.
Editing, Updating, Correcting Your Information. If you prefer not to receive information from us or from any of our affiliates, or if you would like to update or correct your email address or other information, please contact us at 1-800-562-1991 from Monday to Friday, 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, or send an e-mail to help@noritake.com. Please be sure to include your e-mail address, full name and specifically what information you do not wish to receive. Please remember, if you delete certain personal information, you may be unable to continue to purchase products or services or access other portions of our Site without re-entering additional personal information.
Public Postings and Comments. Please remember that any comments or information that you post publicly will become public information. We urge you to exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information in that context. This Policy does not apply to any personally identifiable information you disclose in any public forum or posting.
Notice to Parents. We do not collect or seek personal information from persons under the age of 16. We encourage parents to talk to their children about safe and responsible use of their Personal Information while using the Internet.
Contacting Us. If you have any questions about Noritake, our Terms of Use, or our Privacy Policy, contact us at 1-800-562-1991 from Monday to Friday, 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, or sending us an e-mail to help@noritake.com.
Additional Privacy Information For California Users
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their Personal Information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Please make sure you also consult our general privacy policy above for complete information.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that Noritake disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will disclose to you:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal Information.
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that Noritake delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the deletion of the information may likely render impossible or seriously impair the objectives of the research, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Logging in to your NoritakeChina.com account and using the “privacy settings” tab
Emailing us at help@noritake.com;
Calling our Customer service department at 800-562-1991;
Sending a letter to us at: Noritake Customer Service, 15-22 Fair Lawn Ave, Fair Lawn, NJ 07410
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request
No Sale of Personal Information
Noritake does not sell your personal information.
Non Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Other California Privacy Rights
As referenced in this Privacy Policy, we may from time to time elect to share certain information about you collected by us on the Service with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents who have supplied personal information, as defined in the statute, to us to, under certain circumstances, request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please email us at help@noritake.com.