https://norscot.com/privacy-policy/
HomePrivacy Policy
Norscot is committed to protecting your privacy online. We do not intentionally share your information with third parties except as required by law or to facilitate business operations (such as shipping partners and payment processors). In addition, we have put in place appropriate electronic, physical, and procedural safeguards. We utilize standard encryption/security technology to protect data transfer and our information systems are treated with the highest regard for security. In addition, we limit access to customer information to only authorized personnel.
The information we collect is limited and may include name, address, phone number, email address, credit card and payment information, and related information. We may collect, store, and use any information that you submit via email or any of the forms on our website. We use collected information for the purpose of administering our business activities such as completing and tracking orders, customer service, communicating with customers, and other promotions. From time to time, we may send you promotional messages by mail or email. You will always have the option to opt out of such communications.
In addition, we collect and analyze technical information about how customers interact with our web site to improve its performance and content. This information may include IP addresses, browser types, operating systems, pages viewed, links, dates and times of use. We also utilize a standard technology called “cookies” to differentiate visitors and to store and retrieve information.
COPPA Compliance
In accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), Norscot will not knowingly solicit nor accept information from any child under the age of 13. Should a child whom we know to be under 13 send personal information to us, we will use that information only to respond directly to that child (or a parent or guardian) to inform him or her that we must have parental consent before receiving his or her personal information.