https://northwoodmfg.com/privacy-policy/
We collect the following information from those who visit our website: Domain name, Operating System and Browser Type, How you found us, the time and length of your visit and what you viewed. We use this information to improve the content of our website. We don’t share this information with anybody except authorized Northwood Dealerships.
If you have given us your email or postal address you may receive periodic emails or mailings from us with information on new products or upcoming shows in your area, unless you have indicated you do not want to be on our mailing list.
If you have given us your telephone number you may receive a telephone call from the dealership nearest your location regarding your interest in our products.
If you have received calls, emails, or mailings and no longer wish to, or if you would like your name removed from our database please give us a call at 541-962-6274 and let us know.
Disclaimer
Photos and drawings are representative of NASH, ARCTIC FOX, DESERT FOX, FOX MOUNTAIN, SNOW RIVER, AND WOLF CREEK Travel Trailers, Fifth-Wheels, Toy Hauler Trailers and Truck Campers and may differ slightly from actual production models. We at Northwood continually upgrade and improve our products and reserve the right to change specifications, prices, and all web content without notice. Check with your authorized dealer for updated information.
Copyright and Intellectual Property Notice
Northwood respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask you to do the same. No part of the contents of this website may be reproduced in any fashion without the permission of an authorized agent of Northwood Manufacturing.
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide us with the following information:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
A description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site;
Your address, telephone number, and email address;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner’s behalf.
If you are seeking permission to use Northwood trademarks, logos, service marks, slogans, screen shots, copyrighted designs, or other brand features, please contact Northwood at the address below:
Northwood Manufacturing
PO Box 3359
La Grande, OR 97850