https://northbrookalpacas.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Who we are
North Brook Farm is a small alpaca farm in Worcester County, Massachusetts.  Our website address is www.northbrookalpacas.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
When visitors leave messages on forms present on the site we collect the data shown in the form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select "Remember Me," your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use a non-corporate, non-invasive analytics tool we’re proud to partner with. They are called Fathom Analytics. This tool gathers information that helps us improve our website without giving profiling information to corporations who then use your personal data to profit.
Who we share your data with
If you purchase items from our online store, you will be asked to provide payment details via Square, Stripe checkout or Paypal. Square, Stripe and Paypal are all third-party payment processing services. Read their privacy policies here: https://squareup.com/us/en/legal/general/privacy   https://stripe.com/privacy or https://paypal.com
If you choose to join our email list, the information you provide will be saved in our audience database with the email service provider we use. We choose to work with email software that respects and protects the privacy of our subscribers and customers.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Data is sent to servers where our website is hosted.
Our contact information
Laura Busky, North Brook Farm, 96 South St, Berlin MA  01503, laura@northbrookalpacas.com, 978.838.7391
Additional information
How we protect your data
Your data is protected by SSL security on our website. Payment information is collected and managed securely by Square, Stripe or Paypal and is never saved on northbrookalpacas.com.
The website is being monitored 24/7 for any potential security issues, and we've enrolled in a care plan to help ensure our website is always up to date and functioning properly.
What data breach procedures we have in place
If at any point we are alerted of a data breach, you will be notified as soon as it comes to our attention.
What third parties we receive data from
If you already have a Square account and are logged in, your information may automatically be loaded via Square checkout. This falls in line with their existing policy.
If you already have a Stripe account and are logged in, your information may automatically be loaded via Stripe checkout. This falls in line with their existing policy.
If you already have a Paypal account and are logged in, your information may automatically be loaded via Stripe checkout. This falls in line with their existing policy.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
None at the moment.
×
This website uses non-invasive cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.Ok (or scroll)Learn More