http://noubikko.net/terms.htm
WEB
SITE TERMS OF USE AND PRIVACY POLICY
This
document sets forth the legal terms, conditions and privacy policy for
access to and use of NOUBIKKO.com
and web sites ("the Web Sites"). By accessing to or using these Web Sites
or the materials contained therein, you agree to comply with the following
terms and conditions.
Ownership
of the Web Site
These Web Sites are owned by the Company: Noubikko Corporation. (USA)
Copyright and Trademark Notice
These Web Sites are protected by copyright as a collective work and/or
compilation, pursuant to US Laws, international conventions, including
Italian and European Union copyright laws. Any unauthorized use of the
materials contained in the Web Sites are strictly prohibited. All rights
are reserved.
NOUBIKKO®,
TOMI
BY NOUBIKKO®,STERKHOV®
RPCONNECT ® are trademarks registered
in the name of the Company Noubikko
Corporation.
Any unauthorized use of such trademark or trademarks' connected rights
is strictly prohibited unless the prior written consent is obtained from
the Company Noubikko Corp. The Web Sites may contain documents, images,
software, information and other materials owned by others, such as photographs,
commercials, film clips, and music. Any unauthorized use of the materials
contained in these Web Sites is strictly prohibited, unless prior written
consent is obtained from the owner of the materials.
Noubikko
Corporation
respects all the intellectual property rights of third persons. If anyone
asserts that any of the Web Sites is infringing his own intellectual property
rights, he is kindly requested to give email notice of his objection to:
info@noubikko.com.
Use and Access to the Web Site
The contents and materials ("the Contents") of these Web Sites are only
for your personal, non-commercial use. You may download or copy the Contents
and other downloadable items displayed on these Web Sites only for your
personal, non-commercial use; provided that you acknowledge that the copyright
contained therein is protected and that you undertake to respect all copyright
and all other rights contained in the Web Sites.
Copying
or storing of any Contents other than personal, non-commercial use is
strictly prohibited without the prior written permission from Noubikko
Corp. The company may change, cancel or discontinue all or any features
of the Web Sites at any time, including the availability of all or any
portion of the Web Sites' service, feature, database.Noubikko
Corporation
may also correct any error or omissions in any portion of the Web Sites,
or impose limits on certain features and services, or restrict your access
to parts or all of the Web Sites without notice or liability.
Links to other web sites
It is expressly understood that the web sites to which links are provided
in these Web Sitse are not under the control of Noubikko
Corp. The Company Noubikko Corp. therefore assumes no responsibility
with respect to the linked sites, or for any potential damages arising
or in connection with the use of any such link. ln addition, the existence
of a link between these Web Sites and any other web sites is not and shall
not be understood as an endorsement by the Noubikko
Corp.
Disclaimer
of warranty and limitation of liability
You acknowledge that you are using these Web Sites at your own risk. The
service is provided "As Is" and the Noubikko
Corp. expressly disclaims any and all warranties, express and implied,
including but not limited to any warranties of accuracy, reliability,
title, non-infringment, fitness for a particular purpose or any other
warranty, condition, guarantee or representation, whether oral, in writing
or in electronic form, including but non limited to the accuracy or completeness
of any information contained therein or provided by the Web Sites.
Noubikko
Corp. does not represent or warrant that access to these Web Sites
will not be interrupted or that these Web Sites will contain no failures,
errors or omissions or loss of transmitted information, or that no viruses
will be transmitted on the Web Sites.
Noubikko
Corp. shall not be liable to you or to any third parties for any direct,
indirect, special, consequential or punitive damages allegedly sustained
arising out of your access to or inability to access to the Web Sites,
including for viruses alleged to have been obtained from the Web Sites,
your use of or reliance on the Web Sites or any of the information or
materials available on the Web Sites.
Privacy Policy.
Noubikko Corp. is committed to protecting
your privacy. The following is a summary of the various ways we treat
the information you provide us while you use this Web Site. Noubikko Corp.
does not collect personally identifying information except with your specific
knowledge and consent. And we will not share such information with any
other party without your explicit consent, nor use it for non-approved
commercial purposes.
We
will not put you on any mailing lists, from us or anyone else, without
your permission. Sometimes you will provide us with data that could reveal
your personal identity. We could use this information for internal purposes
but we will not connect it to any name, address or other identifying information.
This way we can give you customized information without compromising your
privacy. In a few cases, if you e-mail a question or some feedback to
us, for example, we may request your name, e-mail address or other information
so that we can, for example, e-mail you with a reply. If you choose to
supply this information we will use it only for the specific purpose for
which you supply it - unless we tell you otherwise at the time of collection
in which case you'll have an option to forbid other uses by us.
You
may have read about "cookies". Cookies are pieces of information that
web sites transfer to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes.
The use of Cookies is an industry standard, and a lot of web sites use
them to provide useful features for their customers. Cookies themselves
do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer.
If you prefer, you can set your computer to refuse Cookies. Our Cookies
do not contain any personally identifying information. This Privacy clause
may be modified from time to time; notice of changes will appear on this
page, so check back often.
Modifications.
The above rules may be modified by the Noubikko Corp. from time to time;
notice of revisions of such rules will be announced on this page. Continued
use of these Web Site by you shall mean your acceptance of any changes
or revisions of such rules; we therefore advise you to regularly check
this page. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE RULES CONTAINED IN THESE PAGES,
DO NOT USE THESE WEB SITES AND, PLEASE, EXIT IMMEDIATELY.