https://npn360.com/privacy-policy/
Who We Are
Our Work
Services
Print
Packaging
Branded Merchandise
Marketing Technology
News
Contact Us
Copyright © 2020 npn360. All Rights Reserved. Site by KitelyTech.
Privacy Policy
npn360 its affiliates (collectively, “npn360,” “we” or “our”) are committed to protecting your privacy. npn360 and its affiliates are business to business companies and do not typically collect information regarding individual consumers. We do not capture and store any personal information about individuals who access this website, except where you voluntarily choose to give us your contact information through the creation of an account, signing up for a newsletter or other service, the ordering of products or otherwise. In these latter cases, the information you provide will be used exclusively for providing you the products, services or information you have requested. While we may share information among our affiliates, we do not pass any of your information to outside organizations and/or individuals, except with your express consent, unless we believe in good faith that such action is required by law or as expressly stated within this Privacy Policy.
By using any of our websites (each a “Site”) you expressly consent to our collection, use, disclosure, and retention of your personal information as described in this Policy.
Information we collect and how it is used
You can browse the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. When we use the term “personal information” we mean information that can be associated with a specific person and can be used to identify that person. We do not consider personal information to include information that has been made anonymous so that it does not identify a specific user.
We only collect personal information when a user elects to contact us or makes a purchase from us. If you do so you are not anonymous to us. Our servers are located in the United States. If you choose to provide us with personal information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information by our servers located in the United States.
How we use information
The main reason we use information is to provide you with information regarding our products and services and completing transactions. This includes, for example, operating the Site and responding to inquiries received through the Site. In doing so, we may combine information we receive through inquiries on the Site with our other electronic and paper files relating to customers and potential customers. We may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current goods and services or of potential new goods and services that may be offered.
We do not provide personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes. We may use your personal information to respond to your inquiries and thereafter send you information about our products and services. If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you may opt-out by contacting us at privacy@npn360.com.
Disclosing information
We disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements or requests, enforce our policies, and protect the rights, property and safety of npn360 and others. Such information will be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. We provide personal information to service providers under contract who help with our business operations.
We will disclose information to law enforcement, governmental agencies, or authorized third-parties, in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us, you, or any other npn360 user to legal liability. In such events, we will disclose information that we believe to be relevant and necessary to the investigation or inquiry.
In the event we are engaged in or contemplating a merger or other corporate acquisition with another business entity, personal information may be disclosed to and would likely be acquired by the other business entity.
We may, without your consent, access and disclose your personal information, any communications sent or received by you, and any other information that we may have about you as may be permitted or required by law, regulation, rule or court order pursuant to requests from governmental, regulatory or administrative agencies or law enforcement authorities; or to prevent, investigate, identify persons or organizations potentially involved in activity that appears to us to be illegal or we believe may expose us to legal liability. Additionally, we may disclose personal information in situations that we believe to be emergencies involving potential threats to the physical safety or any person or property if we believe that the information in any way relates to that threat.
Cookies
We use “cookies” (small data files placed within your computing device) on certain of our pages to help analyze our web page flow; customize our services, content and advertising; measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety.
A few important things you should know about our use of these technologies are:
We offer certain features that may be available only through the use of cookies.
We use cookies to help identify you (or your employer) to us.
Most cookies are “session cookies,” meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session.
You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although doing so may interfere with your ability to use the Site or certain features of the Site.
Our Sites use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, to help us analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers owned by Google. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. The collected data is not tied to any single individual, no individual profiles are created, and Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Promotions
We may operate contests, sweepstakes or other promotions through our Site or social media outlets which may require registration in order to enter. The information that may be collected in an entry or similar form includes, but may not be limited to, your business contact information. Entry in any promotion may result in your being added to our mailing lists. If the privacy policy varies for a particular sweepstakes, promotion or feature, that information will be disclosed in the sweepstakes or promotion rules or feature.s terms of use. We urge you to review the official rules and privacy policy (if different) of the particular promotion before participating. In the event that the Official Rules or terms of a promotion conflict with this Privacy Policy, the Official Rules or terms will govern.
Accessing, reviewing and updating information
You can always contact us and ask us to review the personal information, if any, we have collected regarding you through the Site. You can also request that we correct or update that information.
Security
We store and process personal information on servers and computers we control in the U.S. We use technical and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure and alteration. Some of the safeguards we use are firewalls and data encryption, physical access controls to data centers, and information access authorization controls.
We retain information as long as it is reasonably necessary and relevant for our operations. In addition, we may retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigation, enforce our Terms and Conditions or other agreements.
While we have implemented reasonable security measures to safeguard personal information using reasonable industry standards, please keep in mind that “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet.
On-line Ordering
Some Sites facilitate on-line ordering. In order to use these services you must obtain and use a user name and password. You acknowledge and agree to assume this risk when communicating with us. You are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of any user name and password for use in connection with the Site. If you believe that your account information is being used in an unauthorized fashion, you must contact us immediately.
Additional Information Related to Resume Submissions
You may submit your resume and personal information (e.g. first name, last name, email, phone and address) through the Site in response to a potential job opening at npn360 . By submitting your resume and personal information, you grant permission for us to use the information in order to consider you for employment with us. You may notify us at any time if you would like to delete this information. npn360 may change this Policy from time to time. If so, any such changes will be posted on this page. All amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they are initially posted on the Site. We recommend that you review this Policy on a regular basis. Your continued use of the Site shall constitute your acceptance of such revised Policy.
Limitation of Liability
By providing us with any contact information you expressly and unconditionally release and hold us harmless from any and all liability for any injuries, loss or damage of any kind arising from or in connection with the use and/or misuse of the information. In addition, while we take efforts to ensure the proper and appropriate use of data by our service providers that may receive your information from us, we cannot be liable for any injuries, loss or damage of any kind arising from or in connection with the use and/or misuse of your information caused by those service providers.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@npn360.com.