https://nsa-arizona.org/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
The NSA-Arizona Story
Join NSA-Arizona
Renew Your Membership
Board of Directors
FAQ
Contact Us
Cavett’s Lasting Legacy
Find A Speaker
Topic-Keyword Search
Member Directory
NSA-Arizona Candidates
Featured Members
Privacy Policy NSA-Arizona's Privacy Policy follows
the National Speakers Association guidelines:
The National Speakers Association (NSA) respects the privacy of its members and other visitors to its Web site. NSA only collects and stores personal information that our members and visitors knowingly provide.
NSA does not collect any personal information from users browsing its Web site. Users to the public areas of NSA's Web site browse anonymously. Only aggregate data, such as the number of hits per page, are collected. Aggregate data are only used for internal and marketing purposes and do not provide any personally identifying information.
NSA makes member contact information available to other members and the public through the online membership directory. NSA does not rent or release member e-mail addresses for any reason. No part of our online directory may be reproduced, used for mailing list preparation or promotional mailings without prior written permission of the National Speakers Association.
NSA occasionally sends information to members via e-mail. Members who wish to be removed from our All-Member e-mail list may indicate so in their personal profiles.
NSA does not disclose credit card account information provided by its members and customers. When members and customers choose to pay using their credit cards, NSA submits the information needed to obtain payment to the appropriate clearinghouse.
NSA uses cookies only to facilitate automated activity, store and track passwords, and review navigation patterns. Cookies are not used to disseminate significant information about Users over the Internet or to analyze any information that Users have knowingly or unknowingly provided. Users may instruct their Internet browsers to opt out of accepting cookies, but the user may not have access to the full benefits of the Web site.
This Web site contains links to other web sites. NSA has no control over and is not responsible for the privacy policies or content of such sites.
If any User suspects NSA has handled its personal information in a manner that does not comply with this privacy statement, please contact us by e-mailing to stopthespam@nsaspeaker.org or by calling (480) 968-2552.
If any User suspects that NSA-Arizona handled its personal information in a manner that does not comply with this privacy statement, please contact us by e-mailing to our Executive Director Gwen@NSA-Arizona.org or by calling (480) 968-7443.
Thank you.
Member Access
UserID:
Password:
Remember me
• Help
It is not necessary to log in to register for the meeting.
Upcoming Events Updates
Interested in receiving information about upcoming events?
Keep Me Up to Date
Links
Chapter Calendar
Candidate Website (Password Required)
NSA National Website
More Resources…
Media Room
Committees
Member Services
NSA-Arizona Candidates
Cavett Robert
"As speakers, we never fight over the size of our slice of the pie, we build a bigger pie."
-Cavett Robert, NSA Founder(1907-1997)
Designed by WebsiteServicesNetwork.com.