https://nsmachine.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search for:Search
515-999-2999sales@nsmachine.com
Used New Sell About Contact Terms
Privacy PolicyYou are here:HomePrivacy Policy
SECTION 1 — WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you engage in a purchase, sale or trade with us, as part of the buying, selling and trading process we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address, phone number and e-mail address.
By signing up for our E-mail Updates, you are indicating your permission to send you e-mails about our company, products and other updates. You may unsubscribe at any time.
SECTION 2 — CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you consent to being contacted, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information at any time by e-mailing us at sales@nsmachine.com or mailing us at NS Machine Corporation, 2003 Kennedy Street, Granger, IA, 50109, United States.
SECTION 3 — DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms and Conditions.
SECTION 4 — THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
Once you leave our website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy. When you click on links on our website, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECTION 5 — SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
SECTION 6 — CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on this website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our company is acquired or merged with another organization, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint or simply want more information, please contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at sales@nsmachine.com or by mail at NSMachine Corporation, 2003 Kennedy Street, Granger, IA, 50109, United States.
Dated May 18, 2017.
Add your name to our email list and receive alerts with special pricing and inventory updates.
Send us a list with photos of your surplus machinery
If you have used machinery for sale, please contact us. We will pay cash for your surplus used machinery.
We buy, sell & trade:
• Industrial machinery
• Metalworking machinery
• Machine tools
• Manufacturing machinery
• Sheet metal fabrication equipment
• Tank head & shell fabrication
• Pressroom & stamping equipment
• Coil processing equipment
• Tube fabrication equipment
If you do not see the used machinery you require on our site, please contact us. We look forward to discussing your used machinery needs.
Coming to inspect one of our machines?
Plan your trip with links to maps, restaurants, hotels & more.
Get Directions to NS Machine
Go to Top