https://ntaonline.com/about-us/nta-terms-of-service/
NTA member portal email
NTA member portal password
Create or retrieve your password by clicking here
NTA member portal submission
Cancel
Not a member?
Join today to become an NTA member and receive all of our wonderful benefits, which includes eligibility for Travel Exchange registration.
Learn more
Contact Us
Search
Welcome,
Log Out
Sign in
Join NTA
Search for:
Search for:
My NTA
Member Search
Engage
NTA Tracking System
New Member Kit
NTA Loyalty Program
Advertising & Sponsorship
Partners
NTA Career Center
About NTA
Join NTA
Member Benefits
NTA Awards
Board & Leadership
For Travelers
Events
Travel Exchange
Contact
Destination Capitol Hill
Meet-ups
Product Development Trips
Tourism Cares
Specialty Markets
China Inbound
Faith Travel Association
Hispanic Travel Market
Travel Market Guides
Education
Seminars & Webinars
CTP Program
Research
Government Relations
Prospective Speakers
News & Publications
Courier Magazine
Headlines
News Releases
Publications
Tuesday Newsletter
NTA Terms of Service
Thank you for being part of our community. To ensure the best possible experience for all members, we have established some basic guidelines for participation.
By joining and using this community, you agree that you have read and will follow these rules and guidelines. You also agree to reserve discussions, shared files and content to that best suited for the medium. This is a great medium with which to solicit the advice of your peers, benefit from their experience, participate in an ongoing conversation, and connect with current and prospective business partners. Questions should be directed to our Compliance Manager at compliancemanager@ntastaff.com
Please take a moment to acquaint yourself with these important guidelines. If you have questions, the Compliance Manager at compliancemanager@ntastaff.com.  In order to preserve an environment that encourages both civil and fruitful dialogue, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate membership in this community for anyone who violate these rules.
The Rules
Respect others. Focus on the content of posts and not on the people making them. Please extend the benefit of the doubt to newer guests and members; there’s no such thing as a stupid question.
Respect the purpose of the community. Use the community to share successes, challenges, constructive feedback, questions, and goals instead of products or services that you provide. If you’ve found a product or service helpful, please share your experience with the group in a respectful way.
Use caution when posting material and content. Information posted and in the libraries is available for all to see, and comments/content is subject to libel, slander, and antitrust laws.
All defamatory, abusive, profane, threatening, offensive, or illegal materials are strictly prohibited. Do not post anything that you would not want the world to see or that you would not want anyone to know came from you.
Respect intellectual property rights. Post content that you have personally created or have permission to use and have properly attributed to the content creator.
When posting items in our collaborative environment, please indicate if the item is not available for reuse. It’s also advisable to contact the owner of any material if you would like to reuse it.
Post your message, documents, photos, and videos only to the most appropriate communities. This helps ensure all content receives the best response by eliminating “noise.”
National Tour Association reserves the right to terminate access to any user who does not abide by these guidelines.
The Legal Stuff
Warranties and Limitation of Our Liability. National Tour Association is not responsible for the opinions and information posted on this site by others. This site is provided as a service for the participants in our community site. We disclaim all warranties with regard to information posted on this site, whether posted by National Tour Association or any third party; this disclaimer includes all implied warranties of merchantability and fitness. In no event shall National Tour Association be liable for any special, indirect, or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data, or profits, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of any information posted on this site.
Your Content. Do not post any defamatory, abusive, profane, threatening, offensive, or illegal materials. Do not post any information or other material protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or any other intellectual property law or proprietary right without the permission of the owner of any intellectual property or other proprietary rights in the material. By posting material, the posting party warrants and represents that he or she owns the intellectual property or other proprietary rights with respect to such material or has received permission from the owner thereof. In addition, the posting party grants National Tour Association and users of this site the nonexclusive right and license to display, copy, publish, distribute, transmit, print, and use such information or other material.
What This Site is Not Used For. Content should not be posted if they encourage or facilitate members to arrive at any agreement that either expressly or impliedly leads to price fixing, a boycott of another’s business, or other conduct intended to illegally restrict free trade. Content that encourage or facilitate an agreement about the following subjects are inappropriate: prices, discounts, or terms or conditions of sale; salaries; profits, profit margins, or cost data; market shares, sales territories, or markets; allocation of customers or territories; or selection, rejection, or termination of customers or suppliers.
Reporting Unauthorized Content. National Tour Association is committed to helping people and organizations protect their intellectual property rights. Users are prohibited from posting content that violates someone else’s intellectual property rights, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or any other intellectual property law or proprietary right. National Tour Association does not actively monitor the site for inappropriate content and does not on its own undertake editorial control of postings. However, if content that you own or have rights to has been posted to this site without your permission and you want it removed, please send us a written notice of the violation using the following contact information:
National Tour AssociationAtt: Compliance Managercompliancemanager@ntastaff.com
If your content is alleged to infringe upon another person’s intellectual property, we will take appropriate action, from disabling apparently infringing content if we receive proper notice, up through termination of the account of the poster of the infringing material if he or she is found to be a repeat infringer.
Your notice must include:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed and information adequate to allow us to respond to your request including your name, and your address, telephone number or electronic mail address;
Identification of the work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification by date and number of any intellectual property registrations relating to the allegedly infringed material;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be in violation of any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or any other intellectual property law or proprietary right or to be the subject of infringing activity and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the owner of the copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or any other intellectual property law or proprietary right, the owner’s agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is the owner, or authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Please note United States law imposes substantial penalties for falsely submitting a notice of copyright infringement.
Upon receipt of a notice of claimed infringement that satisfies these requirements (or any statement in conformance with 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3)), we will act expeditiously to remove or disable access to any content that appears to be infringing upon the copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or any other intellectual property law or proprietary right, under the laws of the United States and will terminate the access privileges of those who repeatedly infringe on the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of others.
Privacy Policy
Any personal information you provide to us including and similar to your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address will not be released, sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside of our organization except as noted below.
With Whom Do We Share the Personal Information We Collect Through This Site:
Our Service ProvidersWe may share your personal information with companies (including our affiliates) that perform services on our behalf, for example, companies that help process credit card payments. Our service providers are required by contract to protect the confidentiality of the personal information we share with them and to use it only to provide specific services on our behalf.
Business TransfersYour personal information may be transferred to another entity (either an affiliated entity or an unrelated third party) in connection with a merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar corporate event. If such a transfer were ever to occur, the acquiring entity’s use of your personal information will still be subject to this Privacy Policy.
Government and Legal Disclosures We may disclose the personal information we collect through this Site, when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law (or a court order or subpoena); to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to enforce our Terms and Conditions or other agreements that govern your use of this Site; or to protect the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, or others.
External SitesWe are not responsible for the content of external internet sites. You are advised to read the privacy policy of external sites before disclosing any personal information.
CookiesA “cookie” is a small data text file that is placed in your browser and allows us to recognize you each time you visit this site (personalization, etc). Cookies themselves do not contain any personal information, and we do not use cookies to collect personal information. Cookies may also be used by 3rd party content providers such as news-feeds.
Remember The Risks Whenever You Use The InternetWhile we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to us and you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords or other account information. In addition, other Internet sites or services that may be accessible through our site have separate data and privacy practices independent of us, and therefore we disclaim any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions. Please contact those vendors and others directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies. For any other information please contact us at compliancemanager@ntastaff.com   .
Updated 12/21/18
NTA has provided us the research and atmosphere to brainstorm new ways of doing things and fresh additions to trips, which has led to successful business development.
Rachel Ranck, WorldStrides, NTA member since 1985
What NTA does is provide the right buyers. They provide the right people who make decisions. This is what makes this organization one I can’t afford to take off my list.
John Stachnik CTP, Mayflower Tours, NTA member since 1979
I came to NTA to build a business, and that’s exactly what it did for us, as sales came in. For me, it’s the only outlet for new ideas.
Matthew Squire, Select Travel Service (UK), NTA member since 2002
NTA membership and our attendance at the convention have provided us with more clients, more business relationships and more ideas. We are proud to belong to NTA.
Daniele Panzarin, Target Travel (Italy), NTA member since 2007
The No. 1 member benefit of NTA has to be all the great professional and personal connections we’ve made over the past decade.
Taunya Wolfe Finn, CTP, Wolfe Adventures & Tours, NTA member since 2005
We have not found a more reliable, more profitable or more consistent tourism venue in which to acquire new business than NTA.
Diane Hohnstein, Hospitality Management Services, NTA member since 1999
I believe attending the NTA conferences allow me to create valuable relationships and work together with U.S. operators in creating great Scotland product.
Maggie Anderson, VisitScotland, NTA member since 2003
NTA events provide us with beneficial networking with many top tour operators. It’s national and international in scope providing a global perspective.
Tim and Elaine Moulder, Brilliant Edventures, NTA member since 2015
By using this site, you agree to our updated Terms of Service.OkTerms of Service