https://nvca.org/model-legal-documents/
Model Legal DocumentsModel Legal Documents
Annually, the venture industry closes several thousand financing rounds, each consuming considerable time and effort on the part of investors, management teams and attorneys. Conservatively, the industry spends some $200 million in direct legal fees annually to close private financing rounds. In an all-too-typical situation, the attorneys start with documents from a recent financing, iterate back and forth to get the documents to conform to their joint perspective on appropriate language (reflecting the specifics of the deal and general industry best practices), and all parties review numerous black-lined revisions, hoping to avoid missing important issues as the documents slowly progress to their final form.
In other words, the venture industry goes through an expensive and inefficient process of “re-inventing the flat tire” on a daily basis. By providing an industry-embraced set of model documents that can be used in venture capital financings the time and cost of financings are greatly reduced and therefore principals time is freed from reviewing hundreds of pages of unfamiliar documents, thereby allowing parties to focus on high-level issues trade-offs of the deal at hand.
In general, these documents are intended to reflect current practices and customs, and we have attempted to note where various regions differ in a number of their practices. However, one of our goals in drafting these documents is also to reflect “best practices” and avoid hidden legal traps, even if doing so means straying from current custom and practice. We have attempted to avoid, or at least point out, certain problematic provisions that have become “market standard” terms. We have generally tried to indicate such issues with a footnote and explanatory language.
The model documents aim to:
Reflect and in a number of instances, guide and establish industry norms
Be fair, avoid bias toward the VC or the company/entrepreneur
Present a range of potential options, reflecting a variety of financing terms
Include explanatory commentary where necessary or helpful
Anticipate and eliminate traps for the unwary (e.g., unenforceable or unworkable provisions)
Provide a comprehensive set of internally consistent financing documents
Promote consistency among transactions
Reduce transaction costs and time
The General Counsel Advisory Board will continue to touch base approximately once a year to determine whether any changes need to be made to the documents, including in light of any recent legal developments or actual experience using the documents in deals. Users of the documents are encouraged to send any comments or suggestions to Jeff Farrah by emailing jfarrah@nvca.org.
Downloads
NVCA offers these Model Legal Documents as a free resource to the community.
NEW Enhanced Model Term Sheet
In partnership with Aumni, an investment analytics company, NVCA has released a new Enhanced Model Term Sheet with embedded market analysis of deal term frequency and usage.
TRY IT NOW
NVCA Model Legal Documents
DOWNLOADVoting Agreement (Updated July 2020)DOWNLOADTerm Sheet (Updated August 2020)DOWNLOADStock Purchase Agreement (Updated September 2020)DOWNLOADRight of First Refusal and Co-Sale Agreement (Updated September 2020)DOWNLOADModel Legal OpinionDOWNLOADManagement Rights Letter (Updated July 2020)DOWNLOADInvestors’ Rights Agreement (Updated September 2020)DOWNLOADIndemnification Agreement (Updated July 2020)DOWNLOADCertificate Of Incorporation (Updated September 2020)DOWNLOADLPA Insert Language Regarding CFIUS (Updated July 2020)DOWNLOADLife Science Confidential Disclosure Agreement
NVCA Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion (DE&I) Related Model Legal Documents
DOWNLOADSample H.R. Best Practices for Preventing Harassment & DiscriminationDOWNLOADSample Code of Conduct PolicyDOWNLOADSample H.R. Policies for Addressing Harassment & DiscriminationDOWNLOADSample H.R. Policies for Attracting & Retaining Diverse TalentDOWNLOADInvestors’ Rights Agreement (Includes a DE&I Provision)DOWNLOADSample Diversity & Inclusion Policies — SF Family Friendly Workplace PolicyDOWNLOADSample Diversity Policies — NY Paid Family Leave PolicyDOWNLOADSample Diversity & Inclusion Policies — San Francisco Paid Parental Leave Policy
Stay Connected. Be the first to hear about upcoming initiatives.
First Name*Last Name*Organization*Email*
We respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously. Learn more in our Privacy Policy.
Headquarters
25 Massachusetts Avenue NW
Suite 730
Washington, D.C. 20001
Phone: 202.864.5920
Fax: 202.864.5930
San Francisco Office
214 Grant Avenue
Suite 325
San Francisco, CA 94108
Scroll to top