https://nvca.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
The National Venture Capital Association (“NVCA”; “we”; “us”) has created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our commitment to the privacy and security of your personal information. This Privacy Policy applies to all visitors of our website and explains the privacy practices for www.nvca.org. The Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected through this website. The Policy explains:
What personal information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared;
The security procedures in place to protect against the misuse of your information; and
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
NVCA’s website is primarily designed to share information with the public about NVCA’s positions on issues and our activities.
Personal Information We Collect
Personal information you may provide includes:
Contact information, such as your first and last name, email and mailing addresses, and telephone number;
Professional details, such as your job title, company name and details, and professional references;
Payment details, such as payment card number and billing address; and
Other details you may provide when you register for events or contact us.
NVCA may partner with certain third parties to collect information automatically to analyze and use the information to engage in analytics, auditing, research, and reporting. These third parties may set and access cookies on your device and use web beacons, tags, or similar technologies to collect information about how you use our website and the device you use to access it, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, device and browser type, referring website, operating system, unique device identifiers, unique application and advertising identifiers, the pages or features of the website that you browsed and the time spent on those pages or features, the frequency with which you use our websites, the links that you click on or use, and other statistics. They also may collect information about your online activities across different websites or services over time, including on websites and mobile applications that are not owned or operated by NVCA. Like many other online services, our websites do not respond to “do not track” browser signals.
One of the third parties we use is Google Analytics. You may want to review information Google has made available about their collection and use of personal information. We encourage our users to be aware of and to read the privacy policies applicable to such third-party websites and apps. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these third parties’ collection and use of personal information.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use your personal information:
To provide and operate NVCA-related services. If you are a prospective or existing member of NVCA, we use your personal information to enroll you in our membership program, communicate with you regarding NVCA, including by sending you announcements, updates, support and administrative messages, and to provide NVCA-related benefits to you;
To operate our websites. We may use your personal information to operate, maintain, administer and improve our websites, to better understand your needs and interests, and respond to your service-related requests, questions or feedback;
To send you surveys and marketing communications. We may send you surveys, promotions or other marketing communications but you may opt out of receiving them by following the instructions set forth in the relevant marketing communication;
For compliance, fraud prevention and safety. We may use your personal information as we believe appropriate to (a) investigate violations of and enforce our membership terms; (b) protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims); and (c) protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity; and
For compliance with law. We may use your personal information as we believe appropriate to (a) comply with applicable laws, lawful requests and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities; and (b) where permitted by law in connection with a legal investigation.
How We Share Your Personal Information
We may share your personal information with sponsors and providers of NVCA events in which you participate, such as our VC University program. We may also share your personal information with service providers that provide services to us or on our behalf. We authorize these service providers to access personal information only for the limited purposes of obtaining the services that they provide to us or on our behalf.
We may disclose your personal information as we believe appropriate to government or law enforcement officials or private parties for the purposes described in the section titled How We Use Your Personal Information under the categories: For compliance, fraud prevention and safety and For compliance with law.
We may transfer personal information in connection with a business transaction, such as a merger, reorganization or bankruptcy.
Your Choices
If you have an account on our website, you may update or correct the personal information in your registration profile by logging into your account. You may also contact us at info@nvca.org to request that we correct or update the personal information that NVCA maintains about you.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. For example, wherever on our website we collect payment card data, that information is encrypted in transit. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page. We also take steps to protect your information offline. For example, only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (such as, billing or customer service) are authorized to access personally identifiable information.
Please note that while we take measures to protect you information, security risk is inherent in all internet and information technologies and we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information.
How to Contact Us
National Venture Capital Association
25 Massachusetts Avenue NW, Suite 730
Washington, DC 20001
(202) 864-5920
info@nvca.org
Stay Connected. Be the first to hear about upcoming initiatives.
First Name*Last Name*Organization*Email*
We respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously. Learn more in our Privacy Policy.
Headquarters
25 Massachusetts Avenue NW
Suite 730
Washington, D.C. 20001
Phone: 202.864.5920
Fax: 202.864.5930
San Francisco Office
214 Grant Avenue
Suite 325
San Francisco, CA 94108
Scroll to top