http://nyblackboard.com/terms-conditions
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to the New York Blackboard Site!
This Terms of Use Agreement ("Agreement") constitutes a legally binding contract between New York Blackboard of NJ., Inc., a New Jersey corporation ("New York Blackboard," "we," "us," "our") and you with respect to your use of the New York Blackboard website, applications, and the products and services offered by New York Blackboard through them (collectively, the “Site”). It is important that you carefully read and understand the terms and conditions of this Agreement. By using the Site, you agree to be bound by this Agreement. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, you should not use the Site.
This Agreement provides important information to you, including information about our limitation of liability to you, your agreement to resolve any disputes by individual arbitration and to waive the right to participate in a class action.
Changes to the Site or Terms
We reserve the right at any time to:
Change the terms and conditions of this Agreement, consistent with applicable law;
Change the Site, including eliminating or discontinuing any Information or Services (defined below) or other features in whole or in part; and
Deny or terminate your use of and/or access to the Site.
Any changes we make to the terms and conditions will be effective immediately upon our making such changes available on the Site, and posting notice of such changes on the Site or in another manner in our reasonable discretion. You agree that your continued use of the Site after such changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes. If you do not agree with any of the updates to the terms of this Agreement, you should not use the Site. Be sure to return to this page periodically to ensure your familiarity with the most current version of this Agreement.
Eligibility
By registering with or using this Site you represent, acknowledge and agree that you are at least the age of majority where you reside. Regardless of the age of majority where you live, if you are not at least 13 years old, you may not use the Site.
Registration
Access to certain functionalities of the Site will require you to register with and/or provide certain information to New York Blackboard. If and when you register with or provide information to New York Blackboard, you agree to (a) provide accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted (including your email address) and (b) maintain and update your information (including your email address) to keep it accurate, current and complete.
Privacy Policy
You acknowledge and agree that any personal information provided by you through registration or collected by us in connection with your use of the Site or any Services will be treated in the manner described in our Privacy Policy, which can be found by clicking on the privacy tab on our website. Our Privacy Policy is incorporated into this Agreement, and you agree to its terms.
Your Permitted Use of Services and Information
The services made available on the Site (collectively the "Services"), as well as any information provided through the Site (collectively, the "Information"), are provided for your personal use only and not for any for-profit or commercial activities or purpose or for resale, except as expressly permitted in this Agreement. No New York Blackboard materials or property may be copied, reproduced, displayed, republished, downloaded, posted, digitized, translated, modified, transmitted, distributed or commercially exploited in any way, except as expressly permitted in this Agreement. New York Blackbaord's permission to you for your use of this Site expressly excludes commercial use by you of any Information concerning product descriptions or professional listings for the benefit of another merchant. You expressly are prohibited from any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools in your use of the Site.
Ownership
The Site is owned and operated by New York Blackboard and its licensors. The Information and Services (and any intellectual property and other rights relating thereto) are and will remain the property of New York Blackboard and its licensors. The Information and Services are protected by U.S. and international copyright, trademark, and other laws, and you acknowledge that these rights are valid and enforceable. Except as set forth in this Agreement, you may not copy, reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, sub-license, sell, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble any part of the Site or any Service or Information without our prior written permission. The Site, Information, and Services may be used solely (a) to the extent permitted in this Agreement or (b) as expressly authorized in writing by New York Blackboard or, if so indicated in writing by New York Blackboard, or licensors. Use of the Site and Information for any other purpose is strictly prohibited. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by using the Site or Information.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on the Site (collectively, the "Trademarks") are the registered and unregistered trademarks of New York Blackboard, New York Blackboard licensors and suppliers, and/or others. New York Blackboard® is a registered trademark of New York Blackboard of NJ, Inc. in the United States and other jurisdictions. Nothing contained in this Agreement or the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademarks without the express written permission of New York Blackboard, New York Blackboard licensors or suppliers, or the third party owner of any such Trademarks, except as set forth in the following paragraph. You acknowledge and agree that all rights in and to the New York Blackboard Trademarks are our exclusive property, and any goodwill generated by your use of any New York Blackboard Trademarks will inure to our exclusive benefit. You will not take any action that is in conflict with our rights in or ownership of any our Trademarks.
Term & Termination
This Agreement is effective from the date that you first access the Site or submit any information to New York Blackboard, whichever is earlier, and shall remain effective until terminated in accordance with its terms. Certain violations of this Agreement, as determined by New York Blackboard, may result in immediate termination of this Agreement, and/or your access to and use of the Site, without prior notice. This Agreement will also terminate automatically if you fail to comply with any term or provision of this Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement by either party, your right to use the Site shall immediately cease, and you shall destroy all copies of information that you have obtained from the Site, whether made under the terms of this Agreement or otherwise. All disclaimers, limitations of liability, indemnitees, New York Blackboard rights of ownership, and licenses to New York Blackboard shall survive any termination.
We reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify, discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Site, or any part or portion thereof, with or without notice to you. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Site, or any part of portion thereof. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to obligate New York Blackboard to maintain and support the Site, or any part or portion thereof, during the term of this Agreement.
This Site is Operated By:
New York Blackboard of NJ., Inc.
Last modified as of April 10, 2016
OUR PURPOSE IS SIMPLE
Build products that inform, inspire and function well for years to come.
New York Blackboard is a design manufacturer with nearly 70 years experience serving visual communicators in and around the New York Metropolitan Area and country. We began in the 1940's supplying and crafting many of the beautiful chalkboards seen in older schools.