https://oakmark.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The Oakmark Funds Privacy Notice
The Oakmark Funds consider the preservation of your privacy a priority. This Privacy Notice applies to Oakmark shareholders, website visitors, users and others (“consumers,” “you,” your”). To provide individualized service, we collect certain nonpublic personal information, (“NPI” or “personal information”) defined as any data that can be traced to an individual and can be used to identify that individual. The NPI collected may include an individual’s full name, address, Social Security number, purchases, redemptions, account balances and bank account information.
We collect information from the following sources:
Information users provide when they enter information on our website, such as when submitting a “Contact Us” message or subscribing to an email newsletter;Applications or other forms on which you provide NPI; Shareholder communications effected by mail, email, the telephone and our website; and Shareholder transactions and account inquiries.
We also may obtain NPI about our shareholders who maintain their accounts at financial intermediaries. We disclose the NPI described above only as permitted or required by law or as permitted by the shareholder pursuant to a written consent. Specifically, so that we can complete transactions you authorize or request, we may disclose NPI to the following entities:
Our financial service providers, such as our investment adviser, distributor, transfer agent and custodian;Our non-financial service providers who provide administrative, legal or accounting services, such as our printers and mailers who assist us in the distribution of investor materials or our lawyers and accountants; andOur affiliates.
Information Shared
The information we collect, as described above, may be shared with our affiliates to enhance customer communications, services and products. We do not sell any NPI about shareholders or former shareholders to anyone and do not disclose it to any unaffiliated third parties except as permitted or required by law or at the specific request of the shareholder. We may disclose some or all of the above information to affiliated and unaffiliated companies that perform certain administrative and marketing services (such as preparing and mailing prospectuses, reports and account statements and providing custodial services) on the Funds’ or a shareholder’s behalf.
Consumer/Shareholder Rights
Consumers who are California residents may have specific rights pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) regarding the information collected on them. The Oakmark Funds honor these rights and have dedicated processes and mechanisms to reply to consumer requests to exercise their rights. Consumers have the right to:
Know what NPI is being collected;Know to whom NPI is being disclosed;Access or obtain the NPI collected;Data portability;Correct or rectify the NPI collected;Delete NPI; and Restrict or object to the processing of NPI (“opt out”).
For further protection, we restrict access to shareholder NPI to those employees who need that information to service your account. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with applicable federal and state standards to guard NPI and we monitor such measures. We also have adopted an Identity Theft Prevention Program with procedures and controls reasonably designed to ensure the protection and proper disposal of shareholder account information obtained by us. We also require our affiliates and service providers that maintain shareholders’ NPI to adopt and implement safeguards to protect that information. We will continue to adhere to these privacy policies and practices even after an account is closed or becomes inactive.
We collect cookies from our websites to help improve the online experience for users. Each cookie is a small text file that the website downloads onto a user’s device. The cookies we use contain information that identifies your computer and stores data about your visits to our websites during and after your visit.
Analytical/performance cookies allow us to identify how and when pages of our sites are visited, identify our visitors’ technology preferences and ensure that our websites are working properly. For those purposes, we use cookies set by Google Analytics (utma, utmb, utmc, utmt and utmz). This information is compiled to help make improvements to our websites. To read more about this third-party cookie, including the provider’s privacy statement, please visit www.google.com/analytics. Session cookies allow the site to ‘remember’ content from page to page. These cookies expire when the user leaves the site or closes the browser.Log cookies are collected to optimize page load timing in our websites (sometimes referred to as real user monitoring or RUM). We use New Relic to collect those cookies when session tracking in end-user browsers. To read more about this third-party cookie, please visit https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/browser.
Most browsers allow you to accept or reject all cookies or to accept only certain types of cookies. To manage cookies in the way that best meets your needs or choose to disable cookies, we invite you to change your browser settings.
Internet Explorer™: Tools Menu > Internet Options > Confidentiality. See http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookiesSafari™: Safari Menu > Preferences > Confidentiality. See http://support.apple.com/kb/PH17191?viewlocale=en_USChrome™: Chrome Menu (Tools) > Settings > Display Advanced Settings > Confidentiality > Content Settings > Cookies. See https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/114662Firefox™: Tools Menu > Options > Privacy > History > Cookies. See https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferencesOpera™: Preferences > Advanced > Cookies. See http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/en/cookies.html
Consumers can send their request to our privacy officer at dataprivacy@harrisassoc.com or by filling out an online form or mailing a letter to: Oakmark Funds, Privacy Officer, 111 S. Wacker Dr. #4600, Chicago, IL 60606, USA. Questions about the policy or requests for further information should be directed to this person. In some cases, we may need to ask for proof of identification before the request can be processed. Harris will inform the individual if he/she needs to verify his/her identity and the documents it requires.
Oakmark Units of the Goldman Sachs Financial Square Treasury Solutions Fund, Administration Shares, Privacy Notice
Harris Associates L.P. (“Harris”) is the Administrator for the Oakmark Units of the Goldman Sachs Financial Square Treasury Solutions Fund, Administration Shares. Harris considers the protection of your NPI a priority.
Types of Information Gathered
To provide you with individualized service, we collect certain NPI about you from information you provide on applications and other forms (such as your address and Social Security number) and information about your transactions (such as purchases, redemptions and account balances). We may also collect such information through your account inquiries by mail, electronically or by telephone.
Information Shared
We do not disclose any NPI about you, except as permitted by law. In an effort to continue to tailor our products and services to meet your investing needs and to effect transactions you request or authorize, we may disclose the information we collect, as described above, to companies that perform administrative or marketing services on our behalf, including financial service providers such as custodians, transfer agents, administrative and marketing service providers, such as printers and mailers, and our affiliates to enhance customer communications, services and products. These companies will use this information only for the services for which we hired them and are not permitted to use or share this information for any other purpose.
Policies and Procedures
We restrict access to your NPI to those employees who need to know that information to service your account. We also maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with applicable federal and state standards to protect your NPI and we monitor such measures. We have also adopted an Identity Theft Prevention Program with procedures and controls reasonably designed to ensure the protection and proper disposal of shareholder account information obtained by us.
For questions about this policy or for additional copies of this notice, please send us an email using the “Contact Us” link at oakmark.com, write to us at P.O. Box 219558, Kansas City, MO 64121-9558, or call us at 1-800-OAKMARK (625-6275).
UMB Bank, n.a.
Last Updated: March 31, 2020
This site uses cookies to provide you with a great user experience. By using our website, you accept our
use of cookies.Accept