https://oberweis.net/privacy/
Oberweis Asset ManagementAbout Us
Overview
Affiliated Companies
Investment Process
Resources
Applications & Forms
FAQs
Business Continuity Plan
Trade Routing Reports
Login
Privacy
This notice describes the privacy practices followed by Oberweis Securities, Inc.
Your privacy is our top priority. Our policy is to respect the privacy of current and former clients and to protect personal information entrusted to us. We do not share any nonpublic information of clients or former clients with any nonaffiliated third parties, except as permitted by law or as authorized by our clients.
In the course of providing products and services to you, we collect nonpublic personal information about you from various sources, such as account applications or agreements, other account forms, transactions in your account, and information captured on our websites. Such information may include your name, address, account or tax identification number, the types and amounts of investments, and bank account information.
In the normal course of serving clients, information we collect may be shared with companies that perform various services, such as custodians, transfer agents, and broker-dealers. The organizations that receive client information will use that information only for the services required and as allowed by applicable law or regulation and are not permitted to share or use this information for any other purpose.
Access to customers’ nonpublic personal information is restricted to employees who need to access that information. We use industry standard physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect client information. A client’s right to privacy extends to all forms of contact with us, including telephone, written correspondence, and electronic media, such as the Internet.
For questions concerning this policy, please contact us by writing to:
Oberweis Securities, Inc.
Attention: Brokerage Services Department
3333 Warrenville Road, Suite 500
Lisle, IL 60532
USA
Oberweis Securities, Inc.
3333 Warrenville Road, Suite 500
Lisle, IL 60532
Institutional Services
800-323-6166
©2020 "Oberweis" and the "O" design are trademarks of Oberweis Asset Management, Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy
Legal
Terms of Use
DISCLOSURE:
Before investing carefully consider the fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Please see the prospectus and summary prospectus containing this and other information or call 1-800-323-6166. Read it carefully before investing.
The Oberweis Funds are distributed by Oberweis Securities, Inc. Member FINRA & SIPC
For Institutional Investors Only
By clicking the "Continue" link, the user agrees that they have read the terms detailed and confirm that they are an institutional investor and that they wish to proceed. Information contained in the institutional website is not intended for institutional investors in any jurisdiction in which distribution or purchase is not authorized.
The information on this site is intended for institutional investors and consultants to institutional investors and is published for informational purposes only. The information is directed at informing persons falling within one or more of the following categories:
A government, local authority or public authority,
A bank or insurance company
A pension fund or charity
An individual who is a "qualified client" under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and has experience in investment, financial, and business matters to evaluate the risks of investing in securities
Persons whose ordinary activities involve or are reasonably expected to involve them, as principal or as agent, in acquiring, holding, managing, or disposing of investments for the purpose of a business carried on by them
Persons whose ordinary business involves the giving of advice, which may lead to another person acquiring or disposing of an investment or refraining from so doing
Persons who do not fall into one of the above categories should not review the information contained in this site.
Go BackContinue
You are leaving The Oberweis Securities web site
Please click below to proceed.
CancelConfirm
You are entering the website of National Financial Services LLC, A Fidelity Investments Company (NFS).
NFS is the clearing broker and custodian for Oberweis accounts.
Please click below to proceed.
CancelConfirm