https://oceansidemortgage.com/privacy-policy/
(800) 955-8965
contact@oceansidemortgage.net
Home
FHA
FHA Streamline
FHA Purchase
FHA Refinance
VA
VA IRRRL
VA Purchase
VA Cash Out
Conventional
HARP Refinance
Conventional Purchase
Conventional Refinance
USDA
USDA Purchase
USDA Streamline Assist
About Oceanside
Meet the Team
Loan Process
Mortgage Process
Mortgage Calculators
FAQs
Make a Payment / Loan Servicing
Blog
Contact
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is of the utmost importance at Oceanside Mortgage Company. We understand that providing sensitive information can be intimidating and therefore take every precaution to safeguard it. Here’s what you need to know regarding the information that we collect and disclose and how we keep it protected.
Information we collect may be nonpublic information and can be collected from multiple sources. Types of information we collect include personal information such as your name, address, phone number, and social security number; financial information including past financial transactions, payment histories, account balances, and account activity; consumer reporting information such as your credit score or credit reports; and employer information including verification of employment, income, or deposits.
Information we collect will only be disclosed as needed to an outside entity only for a specific intended purpose and will be disclosed through the proper lawful channels. Any information submitted on this website on the part of the potential borrower is released with consent to online data transmission and collection. All collected data is confidential within Oceanside Mortgage Company and all employees adhere to strict confidentiality policies. This website may contain links to other sites which do not necessarily adhere to our privacy statement, and any information shared on linked sites is not subject to the confidentiality required within our firm. Oceanside Mortgage Company reserves the right to amend the terms or its privacy statement.
READ MORE
READ MORE
Oceanside Mortgage Company has loan officers ready to assist you 24 hours per day, 7 days per week. As a Better Business Bureau accredited business with an A+ rating, you’re sure to get the help you need with Oceanside. Call us today by clicking the button below, or call us at (800) 955-8965.
Name
Phone
Email Address
Message
Number
Contact Us
Address
55 Main StToms River, NJ 08753
Phone (800) 955-8965
Loan Servicing (866) 680-5729
Emailcontact@oceansidemortgage.com
Servicing Questionssupport@myoceansidemortgage.com
FollowFollowFollow
Quick Links
Home
About
Licensing
Resources
Report Suspicious Activity
Sitemap
Legal
Privacy Policy
Oceanside Mortgage Company is a private corporation. Oceanside Mortgage Company is not acting on behalf or at the direction of HUD/FHA/VA/USDA or the Federal Government. By refinancing your existing loan, your total finance charges may be higher over the life of the loan. NMLS# 80015 Visit the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System & Registry consumer access website for licensing information: www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org Website authorization by the New York State Department of Financial Services is pending. Until this website is authorized, no mortgage loan applications for properties located in New York will be accepted through this site. Arizona Bankers License # BK-0940196