http://ogeeco.com/privacy
Ogeeco Corporation
BECOME A RETAILER
Search:
Search
My Account
My Cart
Checkout
Home
Shop
New Arrivals
Cocktail Dresses
Couture Dresses
Evening Dresses
Casual Shoes
Couture Shoes
Formal Shoes
Pageant Shoes
Boots
Bracelets
Brooches
Earrings
Necklaces
Rings
Handbags
hair-accessories
display-tools
ABOUT US
Locate a Retailer
Resources
Forms
Download Center
Newsroom
Ogeeco News
Trade Shows
Trunks Shows
Celebrities
Ogeecos' Girls
Contact Us
IMPORTANT
Ogeeco Corporartion is a fashion designer and manufacturer.
We only sell directly to retailers and not to the public. If you own a store and have Federal Tax ID number and your state retail tax ID number, please go ahead to register as a retailer. After we receive your online registration, we will contact you to verify your business information and to activate your account. By creating an online account with us, you will be able to see the wholesale pricing, place orders online, store multiple shipping addresses, view and track your orders in your account and more. Please click here for retailer's FAQ.
If you are a consumer wanting to buy our products, please do not register here. You should look to Locate a Retailer page and buy from our retailers.
GO TO HOME
CONTINUE
WEBSITE PRIVACY
The Ogeeco Corporation website is designed to allow public visitors to browse some products on our website and to enable retailers to place orders online. Protecting our website visitors’ privacy is very important to us. As a fashion leader, Ogeeco is committed to maintaining the privacy of our website visitors.In order to provide our retailers with the convenience of ordering online, we collect some necessary information about retailers. We will not use this information for any other purposes. Ogeeco is the sole owner and user of all information collected on the website. Ogeeco does not sell, give or disclose personal information gathered on the website to any third party, provided that Ogeeco may provide such information to its authorized agents in order to conduct its business in the ordinary course. Ogeeco takes reasonable precautions to protect the personal information provided to us by our website users. We protect electronic information behind a firewall and encrypt all data submitted through the online forms on our website. We also take appropriate measures to protect user information offline. Access to personal information is restricted to only those employees and agents who need the information to perform a task. Our employee computers are password protected, and employees must log out each time they leave their computers.Ogeeco may change its privacy policy from time to time and reserves the right to change its privacy policy without prior notice.
ABOUT US
LOCATE A RETAILER
RESOURCES
NEWS ROOM
CONTACT US
FAQ
ORDERING
SHIPPING
RETURN
PRIVACY
TERMS
© 2012 OGEECO. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.