https://ogilvyhealth.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Welcome to our site ("Site"). Ogilvy Health knows how our clients and visitors like you value your privacy, and we have created this privacy policy to ensure that you understand our policies and procedures, what personally identifiable information you must provide if you wish to use the Site and, ultimately, just how we use such personally identifiable information.
This policy applies only to the web site located at http://ogilvyhealth.com, and not to any other web site or service. If you do not agree with this policy, then you should not use the Site.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information Collected by Ogilvy
Ogilvy may also automatically collect (through cookies, described below, and other methods) and store aggregate or anonymous information about user contact with and use of the Site. Examples of this type of information include demographic information, the type of internet browser you are using, the type of computer operating system application software and peripherals you are using, the domain name of the web site from which you linked to our Site and your browsing habits on and usage of the Site. Non-Personally identifiable information may also include personally identifiable information that has been aggregated so that no one individual is specifically identifiable (such as, how many users in a particular city access the Site).
How We Use Your Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We may share non-personally identifiable information with third parties for any number of reasons, including advertising, promotional and/or other purposes.
Cookies
We may use cookies and similar technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information from you and to customize your use of the Site. A cookie is a small data file that certain web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. We may also use web bugs, clear gifs and similar technologies that collect data similar to that collected by a cookie. A cookie file can contain various types of information, including a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you have visited.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies; however, you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent or you can flush your browser of cookies from time to time. (Note: you may need to consult the help area of your browser application for instructions.) If you choose to disable cookies or refuse to accept a cookie, you may not be able to utilize all features of the Site.
Links
The Site may contain links to web sites maintained by third parties. Ogilvy is not responsible for the privacy practices of such third party sites. You should carefully read their own privacy policies before providing any information to such third parties.
Opt-Out Procedures
You have the option to opt-out of receiving information from Ogilvy. This opt out messaging will appear at the bottom of every promotional email that is sent out to you by Ogilvy in relation to this Site. Ogilvy also gives you the option to remove your information from its database of active users. If you no longer wish to take advantage of this Site or to receive any form of direct contact from Ogilvy, whether it is email, discounts, newsletters, or other promotional offers or materials send us a request marked "Privacy-Urgent", and contact us.
However, Ogilvy is not responsible for removing information from third party lists or databases of any kind if we have shared your information with such third parties as permitted by this policy.
Please note that, notwithstanding the fact that we may have removed your information from our list of active users, we reserve the right to keep any information submitted or collected for business reasons, such as archiving data.
Security
We are committed to taking reasonable steps to ensure the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put into place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to help safeguard and secure the information we collect online. However, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and us or information stored on the Site or our servers, will be completely free from unauthorized access by third parties such as hackers and your use of the Site demonstrates your assumption of this risk.
Protection for Children
This Site is not intended for users under the age of 13.
United States of America
Our Site is maintained in the United States of America.
Your Consent
We may amend our privacy policy at any time and will post those changes on this page, so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can
contact us.
In addition, our mailing address is:
Ogilvy Health
636 11th Avenue,
New York, NY 10036
UNITED STATES
Effective Date
This privacy policy was last updated on 9 October 2019
© Ogilvy Group, 2019