https://oilboilerwarehouse.co.uk/terms/
01953 450 272   Mon to Fri 9am to 5pm
Terms & Conditions
TCF Sheet Metal Ltd is completely dedicated to your total satisfaction. If you have any suggestions or comments, please email us at info@oilboilerwarehouse.co.uk
Making a Purchase
If you would like to make a purchase please e- mail us at info@tcfsheetmetal.co.uk with full delivery address and contact number, and we will get back to you to take payment by card  and confirm delivery date . If you do not have access to a computer please call us on 01953 450272
All items are priced including delivery. If you purchase more then one item, we may be able to ship all your items together and make a saving for you on carriage.
We do not charge for any item until it is ready to ship. Back ordered items are not charged until they are shipped.
When confirmation of order is received, this is to indicate that we have received your order. It does not indicate that a contract exists between us. We will indicate acceptance of your order, and hence a contract between us, when we send you an invoice. We have included this term to protect us in the case that a mistake has been made in pricing, we have inadvertently under-priced goods, or we are no longer able to supply a particular product for some reason. In the case of an upward change of price, we will always contact you first to ensure that the price is acceptable.
Shipping and Handling All goods in our store are inclusive of carriage for delivery in the UK.  When ordering more than one item we will pass on the saving in carriage to you.  See making a purchase above.
Delivery ScheduleAll orders received and paid by 12.30 pm we will arrange dispatch for the following day, for delivery to you within the next 2-3 days. . Delivery can be arranged for the following day  but this will incur an additional charge of £6.00 inc vat
Back Orders If your item is not in stock, we will back order for you. You will always be notified of this and given an expected delivery date.
Tax Charges For orders made from the UK or the European Union, 20% VAT is added. All other orders are VAT free.
Reaching Us If you need to reach us, please email us at info@oilboilerwarehouse.co.uk Alternatively, you can call on 01953 450272 (International +0044 1953 450272) or fax us on 01953 451845 or write to us at Unit 15, Rookery Business Park Silver Street, Besthorpe Norfolk NR17 2LD United Kingdom
Privacy Policy TCF Sheet Metal Ltd do not disclose buyers’ information to third parties other than when order details are processed as part of the order fulfilment. In this case, the third party will not disclose any of the details to any other third party.
Returns Policy Your rights to return goods are protected under the EU Distance Selling Directive which can be found at www.gov.uk/online-and-distance-selling-for-businesses/distance-selling
Competitive Pricing
Heating supplies at competitive prices, we aim to deliver stock products within 2-3 working days
.
Over 14 Yrs Manufacturing
Established for over 14 years as manufacturer and supplier, we provide full supply and service to public and trade.
Manufacturers Warranties
All items are brand new and come with a full manufacturers warranty where applicable.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.