http://okusi.net/legal_declaration
Okusi Associates | Legal Declaration
OKUSI ASSOCIATES
HOME
SERVICES
PROFILE
PROSPECTS
CONTACT
Okusi Associates Legal Declarations
Okusi Associates is the group name for the following companies:
PT Okusi Jaya
PT Okusi Manpower Management
PT Okusi Management
PT Okusi Wisata
being Indonesian corporations registered to provide business, management, accountancy, audit, legal, research and corporate services.
Okusi Associates was founded in 1997, in Yogyakarta, by Gary Dean.
Associates:
Andy Angjaya BBA MScBA - Taxation
Reni Debora S.Pd - Legal & Licencing
Sigit Erdianto Sunarno CPA - Accountancy & Audit
Lina Munir M.Si - General Manager
Gary Dean BAsianSt - Special Projects
Okusi® is a internationally registered trademark owned by PT Okusi Jaya.
Terms of Service
Conditions of Use
We will provide services to you, which are subject to the conditions stated below in this document. Every time you visit this website, use its services or make a purchase, you accept the following conditions.
Privacy Policy
Before you continue using our website we advise you to read our policy regarding our highly limited user data collection.
Copyright
Content published on this website (digital downloads, images, texts, graphics, logos) is the property of Okusi Associates and/or its content creators and protected by international copyright laws. The entire compilation of the content found on this website is the exclusive property of Okusi Associates, with copyright authorship for this compilation by Okusi Associates.
Communications
The entire communication with us is electronic. Every time you send us an email or visit our website, you are going to be communicating with us. You hereby consent to receive communications from us. If you subscribe to the news on our website, you are going to receive regular emails from us. We will continue to communicate with you by posting news and notices on our website and by sending you emails. You also agree that all notices, disclosures, agreements and other communications we provide to you electronically meet the legal requirements that such communications be in writing.
Applicable Law
By visiting this website, you agree that the laws of Indonesia, without regard to principles of conflict laws, will govern these terms of service, or any dispute of any sort that might come between Okusi Associates and you, or its business partners and associates.
Disputes
Any dispute related in any way to your visit to this website or to services you purchase from us shall be arbitrated by Indonesian civil courts and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts.
Comments, Reviews, and Emails
Visitors may post content as long as it is not obscene, illegal, defamatory, threatening, infringing of intellectual property rights, invasive of privacy or injurious in any other way to third parties.
We reserve all right to remove and/or edit such content. When you post your content, you grant Okusi Associates non-exclusive, royalty-free and irrevocable right to use, reproduce, publish, modify such content throughout the world in any media.
License and Site Access
We grant you a limited license to access and make personal use of this website. You are not allowed to download or modify it. This may be done only with written consent from us.
User Account
If you are an owner of an account on this website, you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your private user details (username and password). You are responsible for all activities that occur under your account or password.
PMA Company Establishment
| Corporate Restructuring
Virtual Office
|	Domicile Batam
| Domicile Bali
Company Accounting
| Company Tax
| Personal Tax
Company Audit
| Liquidation
| Company Administration
Corporate Due Diligence
| Market Entry Research
| Legal Opinion
Immigration Formalities
| Work Permits
| Investor & Business Visas
Jakarta
Batam
Bali
Menara Cakrawala 12th Floor,
Jalan Thamrin No. 9,
Jakarta
+62213901007
+62811970780
jakarta@okusi.id
8-5 Mon-Fri Closed
Jakarta Office
Citra Super Mall, Blok B No. 10,
Harbour Bay,
Batam
+627787415011
+62811970780
batam@okusi.id
8-5 Mon-Fri,8-12 Sat Closed
Batam Office
Istana Kuta Galeria, Blok Techno #2,
Jl Patih Jelantik
Kuta, Bali
+62361769144
+62811970780
bali@okusi.id
8-5 Mon-Fri,8-12 Sat Open
Bali Office
Mission
Legal
Privacy
Bank Accounts
Consultants
© 1997-2020
HOME
SERVICES
PROFILE
PROSPECTS
CONTACT