https://olympicautomation.co.uk/privacy-policy/
×
Bowl Feeders
Bowl Feeders
Bowl Feeder Coatings
Bowl Feeder Controls
Bowl Feeder Counters
Bowl Feeder Loaders
Bowl Feeder Sensors
Bowl Feeder Systems
Conveyors
Conveyors
Specials & Multi-bend Conveyors
Standard & Mini Conveyor Ranges
Heavy Duty & Steel Belt Conveyors
Step Feeders
Service & Repairs
3D CAD Design
Case Studies
Contact Us
T: 01283 711 117
|
E: andrew@olympicautomation.co.uk
Vibratory Bowl Feeders
Vibratory Bowl Feeders
Bowl Feeder Controls
Bowl Feeder Systems
Bowl Feeder Sensors
Bowl Feeder Counters
Bowl Feeder Coatings
Videos
Conveyors
Conveyors
Standard & Mini Conveyor Ranges
Specials & Multi-bend Conveyors
Heavy Duty & Steel Belt Conveyors
Hopper Loaders
Service & Repairs
3D CAD Design
Case Studies
Step Feeders
Contact
Privacy Policy
Olympic Automation (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the https://www.olympicautomation.co.uk/ website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://www.olympicautomation.co.uk/
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Olympic Automation uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United Kingdom and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United Kingdom and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Olympic Automation will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
Olympic Automation may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Olympic Automation
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
USES OF COOKIES
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Keep track of advertisements.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly. Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
We may use the following third party cookies:
Mailing Lists
As part of the registration process for our e-newsletter, we collect personal information. We use that information for a couple of reasons: to tell you about stuff you’ve asked us to tell you about; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are right and to check every now and then that you’re happy and satisfied. We don’t rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.
We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails.
Google:
We use various products and features provided by Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; “Google”).
Google Tag Manager
For reasons of transparency please note that that we use the Google Tag Manager. The Google Tag Manager itself does not collect personal data. It facilitates the integration and management of our tags. Tags are small code elements which serve to measure traffic and visitor behaviour, to detect the impact of online advertising or to test and optimize our websites. For further information about the Google Tag Manager visit: https://www.google.com/intl/de/tagmanager/use-policy.html
Google Analytics
Our website uses the analytics service Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html or at https://www.google.de/intl/en_uk/policies/.
Google Dynamic Remarketing
We use Google Dynamic Remarketing to advertise Olympic Automation across the Internet, in particular on the Google Display Network. Dynamic remarketing will display ads to you based on what parts of our websites you have viewed by placing a cookie on your web browser. This cookie does not in any way identify you or give access to your computer or mobile device. The cookie is used to indicate to other websites that “This user visited a particular page, so show them ads relating to that page.” Google Dynamic Remarketing allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you.
If you do not wish to see ads from Olympic Automation, you can opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings. For further information visit Google’s privacy policy.DoubleClick by GoogleDoubleClick uses cookies to enable interest-based advertisements. The cookies identify which ad has been shown in the browser and whether you have accessed a website through an ad. The cookies do not collect personal information. If you do not wish to see interest-based ads, you can opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings. For further information visit Google’s privacy policy.
Facebook
We also may from time to time use Facebook Advertising, Facebook Pixel Re-Marketing, and communications. We do this to understand and deliver ads and make them more relevant to you. Cookies also enable us to learn whether someone who saw an ad on Facebook later visited our website. The ultimate control of the dissemination of information gathered through Facebook Advertising, Facebook Pixel Re-Marketing, and communications resides entirely with Facebook. You can opt-out of Facebook’s use of cookies and Facebook Pixel Re-Marketing through settings on your Facebook Account.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: andrew@olympicautomation.co.uk