https://olysteel.com/employment-application-privacy/
EMPLOYMENT APPLICATION PRIVACY POLICY
Applicant records are considered confidential and are only disclosed to those authorized persons in accordance with Olympic’s policies and federal and state law. Notwithstanding the above, Olympic may sometimes be required to disclose your information to external third parties such as to judicial or regulatory bodies and/or law enforcement agencies for the purpose of complying with applicable laws and regulations, in response to legal process, or to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or to protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Olympic, our users, applicants, candidates, employees or the public or as otherwise required by law.
Olympic retains applicant information, including electronic information, for such time periods as required under federal and state law whether or not you are offered an interview. Upon expiration of such time periods, Olympic shall destroy such applicant information in accordance with such laws. Most paper-based documents relating to applicants for employment with Olympic are kept in secure files in Olympic’s Corporate HR Department, or may be maintained electronically. For more information about safeguarding electronic and paper applicant information and records, please see Olympic’s Privacy Policy.
Olympic may use external third party service providers acting on Olympic’s behalf to process and store applicant information. In providing your applicant information, you are consenting to such use by Olympic of external service providers to process and store your applicant information. These service providers may be located outside the state or country in which you live or the state or country where the position you have applied for is located.
About
Mission / Core Values
Corporate Responsibiltiy
Management Profiles
News Room
Certifications
Contact
Locations
Chicago Tube & Iron
Integrity Stainless
Berlin Metals
McCullough Industries
EZ-Dumper
Markets
Processing & Services
Employment
Career Search
Employment Benefits
Community Involvement
Employment Notices
Awards & Recognition
Scholarship Program
Internship Program
Products
Alloy, Heat Treat, & AR Steel
Coated
Cold Rolled Carbon
Hot Rolled Carbon
Specialty Metals
Tube, Pipe & Bar
Tin Mill Products
Investor Relations
Corporate Profile
Corporate Responsibiltiy
News Releases
Presentations
Analyst Coverage
Annual Reports
Proxy Statements
Corporate Governance
Calendar of Events
SEC Filings
Stock Quote
FAQs
Email Alerts
My ZEUS
Contact IR
Request A Quote
Stock Tracker
Olympic Steel
(ZEUS)
Last Trade:
22901 Millcreek Boulevard, Suite 650, Highland Hills, OH 44122. | 216.292.3800© 2020 Olympic Steel, Inc. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Employment Application Privacy
Contact Us
We're not around right now. But you can send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.
Send
Start typing and press Enter to search