https://omegafcu.com/privacy-policy/
Banking Privacy Policy
FACTS: What Does OMEGA Federal Credit Union Do With Your Personal Information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or services you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
Account balances and payment history
Credit history and credit scores
When you are no longer our member, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share members’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their members’ personal information; the reasons OMEGA FCU chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does OMEGA FCU Share?
Can you limit this sharing?
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does OMEGA FCU Share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes – to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your credit worthiness
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
OMEGA Federal Credit Union
What we do
How does OMEGA Federal Credit Union protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
Our employees are trained in the importance of maintaining member privacy.
How does OMEGA Federal Credit Union collect my information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Open an account or deposit money
Pay your bills or apply for a loan
Use your debit or ATM card
We also collect personal information from others, such as credit bureaus and other companies.
Why can’t I limit sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
Sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial or nonfinancial companies.
OMEGA Federal Credit Union has no affiliates
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Third party service providers
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market products or services to you.
OMEGA FCU has no formal joint marketing agreements
Questions?
Call (412) 369-3800 or go to www.omegafcu.com
For a Printable Copy of our Privacy Disclosure, Click Here.
Revised: 10/2010
Comments are closed.
Join Us
Lending Center