https://omegafcu.com/security-privacy/
Website Security & Privacy
OMEGA Federal Credit Union (“OMEGA”) takes the privacy of our customers and the security of their Personal Information very seriously. We provide this Privacy and Security Statement (“Statement”) because you have the right to know what Personal Information we collect, how it is protected and used and the circumstances under which it may be disclosed.
The Personal Information We Collect & How It Is Used
We collect only the Personal Information you voluntarily provide to us through this website. “Personal Information” includes your name, email address, and any other personal information provided by you through contact forms, registrations, surveys, etc. We do not share or send unsolicited messages to email addresses you provide to us when you use the website or otherwise contact us via email.
In an attempt to best meet our site viewers’ needs, we may also collect domain or IP information. This information is used solely by OMEGA to measure website traffic and is in no way associated with your name, email address, mailing address or telephone number.
The Personal Information We Share
Your Personal Information is used exclusively by OMEGA. We do not sell, rent or otherwise disclose your Personal Information to any third parties under any circumstances.
Links to Other Sites
We provide links to affiliated entities and on occasion to other sites we think you may be interested in. These sites operate independently of OMEGA and have established their own privacy and security policies. For the best online experience, we encourage you to review these policies before submitting any Personal Information through these sites.
Consent to Transfer
This web site is operated in the United States. Please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By using this web site and/or providing us with your Personal Information through this web site, you consent to this transfer.
Updates to This Statement
We will update this Statement from time to time to reflect changes in our business. If we change how we use your Personal Information or the purposes or entities for and to which we disclose your Personal Information we will post the policy change notification on our web site.
Our current Statement was last updated October 25, 2011.
Questions?
For further information, about any of the information in this Statement, please use the following information to contact us:
OMEGA Federal Credit UnionPO Box 15038Pittsburgh, PA 15237
412-369-3515
Comments are closed.
Join Us
Lending Center