https://omniactives.com/privacy-policy/
Press enter to begin your search
Privacy Policy
This policy describes the ways we collect, store, use and protect your personal information. You accept this policy by using our website or by purchasing our product. We may amend this policy at any time by posting a revised version on our website. The revised version will be effective at the time we post it.
How we collect information about you
When you visit OmniActives.com, we collect your IP address and standard web log information. If you join our email list, we collect the following types of information:
Contact information – your name and email address.
We may also require that you provide additional information to verify your identity or address.
How we use the personal information we collect
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. We may use your personal information to:
Provide the services and customer support you request
Send notices about our services and troubleshoot problems
Customize, measure, and improve our services and the content and layout of our website
How we use cookies
When you access our website, we may place small data “cookies” on your computer.
We send a “session cookie” to your computer when you log in to your account. This type of cookie helps us to recognize you if you visit multiple pages on our site during the same session. Once you log out or close your browser, this cookie expires and no longer has any effect.
How we protect and store personal information
Throughout this policy, we use the term “personal information” to describe information that can be associated with a specific person and can be used to identify that person. We store and process your personal information on our computers in the US, and we protect it by maintaining physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable US federal and state regulations. We use computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption; we enforce physical access controls to our buildings and files; and we authorize access to personal information only for those employees who require it to fulfill their job responsibilities.
How you can contact us about privacy questions
If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, you should contact us by writing to us at: info@omniactives.com.
MenuHome
Our Company
Improving Lives Foundation
Specialty Botanicals & Extracts
Resources
Contact
Recent Posts
OmniActive Health Technologies Receives Highest Recognition for Quality in Operations
December 2, 2020
ROHINI JAMES NAMED OMNIACTIVE DIVISIONAL VP & REGIONAL SALES MANAGER, ROW
September 23, 2020
BRETT DUBOSE JOINS OMNIACTIVE AS DIVISIONAL VP & REGIONAL SALES MANAGER, NORTH AMERICA
September 14, 2020
Keep Up With OmniActive
© 2019 OmniActive Health Technologies, All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy
About Us
Our Company
Improving Lives Foundation
Meet the Team
Our Products
Active Wellness& Physical Performance
CurcuWIN
Gingever
Metabolic Health& Weight Wellness
Capsimax
MetaVive
Vision, Cognition& Mental Wellness
Lutemax 2020
Lutemax
OmniXan
Daily Energy& Productivity Performance
enXtra
Xtenergy
Specialty Botanicals & Extracts
Resources
Contact