https://omnipress.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Read this important update on how we have altered our operations to keep our employees safe while continuing to serve our customers.
About
Support
Contact
800.828.0305
Privacy Policy
We take your privacy seriously. Here are things you should know when we collect your information. If you have any additional concerns, please don’t hesitate to Contact Us.
Our Privacy Policy was developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the highest-quality products and services with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our customers, partners and visitors to our website.
The Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and our products and services. This statement will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customers’ needs.
What Information Do We Collect?
When you visit our website you may provide us with two types of information:
1. Personal information you knowingly choose to disclose through filling out required and optional fields within an online form.
2. Website use information collected on an aggregate basis as you our website through the use of first-party cookies.
Registration Information
When you register to use our products or to receive marketing communication and materials, we will collect the minimum amount of information required to complete the desired transaction about yourself, your firm or company and your practices. This information may include some or all of the following:
Name
Professional title
Organization name
Email address
Phone number
Credit Card Information
If you choose to purchase products or services from us or our partners, you may need to give personal information and authorization to obtain information from various credit services. For example, you may need to provide the following information:
Name
Mailing address
Email address
Credit card number
Home and business phone number
Email Information
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
Website Use Information
Similar to other commercial websites, our website utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” (see explanation below, “What Are Cookies?”) and Web server logs to collect information about how our website is used. Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our website, and the referring site.
What Are Cookies?
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a website, that site’s computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our website, new services and special offers and content articles we think you will find valuable. This includes, but is not limited to:
To provide you with information on products and services that you request from us
To provide you with services or process transactions that you have requested
To provide you with notices about your account
To process any changes to your account information
To notify you about changes to our website, services and/or products
To respond to product support requests
To contact you for customer satisfaction surveys, market research or in connection with certain transactions
To share content such as whitepapers, infographics and informational articles
To share news and information on our company, products and services that we believe will be of interest to you
To personalize your experience while you are on our websites, and for website usage statistics
To serve relevant advertisements to you when you visit our website or third-party sites (including social media platforms)
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information
We do not sell your personal information to any third parties. We may share your personal information with product or service partners for the purpose of providing requested products or services.
How Do We Protect Your Information and Secure Information Transmissions?
We use reasonable efforts to secure your information and to attempt to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of the information we obtain from you. However, the Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our services will be completely safe. We are not responsible to our users or to any third party due to any such loss, misuse or alteration of data, except to the extent required by our Privacy Policy or applicable law. We encourage you to use caution when using any web-based product and the Internet.
Please contact privacy@omnipress.com if you have any questions or concerns.
Evaluation of Information Protection Practices
Periodically, our operations and business practices are reviewed for compliance with corporate policies and procedures governing the security, confidentiality and quality of our information.
Employee Access, Training and Expectations
Our corporate values, ethical standards, and practices are committed to the appropriate protection of customer and visitor information. In general, our business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons, processes and transactions.
How Can You Access or Correct Your Information, or Change Your Data Preferences?
You may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our database by emailing privacy@omnipress.com. Please allow 30 business days from the date of your request.
You may request to edit or delete any of all of your personal information by emailing privacy@omnipress.com.
When we collect information from you, you may tell us that you do not want it used for further marketing contact at the time of collection.
You may opt out from receiving any further marketing emails from us by using the “unsubscribe” link present at the bottom of the email or by emailing justask@omnipress.com. Please allow up to 5 business days to process this request.
You may also turn off cookies in your web browser.
What About Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information?
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
What About Other Websites Linked to Our Website?
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our website. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our website to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link on our website, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
Your Consent By using our website you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our Web site to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
Contact Us If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, the practices of Omnipress, or your dealings with our web site, please contact us at:
Omnipress
2600 Anderson Street Madison, WI 53704 | * 608.246.2600 | * 800.828.0305
Modification
Omnipress reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a notice that we are changing our Privacy Policy.