https://one-report.com/privacy/
OneReport, Inc. has created this privacy statement (“Statement”) in order to demonstrate our commitment to customer privacy. Privacy on the www.one-report.com website (the “Site”) is of great importance to us. Because we gather important information from our visitors and customers, we have established this Statement as a means to communicate our information gathering and dissemination practices. We reserve the right to change this Statement and will provide notification of the change at least thirty (30) business days prior to the change taking effect.
Collected Information:
Visitors to the Site may sign-up to receive a newsletter and other communication from OneReport by providing an email address. We may also email information regarding updates to the Service or company in addition to the newsletter. We will not share email addresses with third parties. Visitors can opt out of receiving any communication by emailing us at remove@one-report.com at the time it is distributed or clicking “unsubscribe”, or at any time in the future.
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address. OneReport, Inc. will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. OneReport, Inc. does not store this information.
OneReport may also collect certain information from visitors to and customers of the Site, such as Internet addresses. This information is logged to help diagnose technical problems, and to administer our Site in order to constantly improve the quality of the Service. We may also track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers and provide such information to third parties.
OneReport uses the information that we collect to set up OneReport for individuals and their organizations. We may also use the information to contact customers to further discuss customer interest in our company, the Service that we provide, and to send information regarding our company or partners, such as promotions and events. Customers are invited to receive an email newsletter by providing an email address. Customer email addresses and any personal customer information will not be distributed or shared with third parties. We may also email information regarding updates to the Service or company, and will send a Customer Newsletter. Again, email will not be distributed or shared and customers can opt out of receiving any communication at the time any customer registers for the Service or Customers can opt out of being contacted by us, or receiving such information from us, at any time by contacting us and noting what communications should be omitted, or by sending us an email at remove@one-report.com.
Except as we explicitly state at the time we request information, or as provided for in the OneReport Subscriber Agreement, we do not disclose to third parties the information provided. All financial and billing information that we collect through the Site is used solely to check the qualifications of prospective customers and to bill for the Service. This billing information is not used by OneReport for marketing or promotional purposes.
Cookies:
When you interact with the OneReport website we strive to make that experience easy and meaningful. When you come to our website, our web server sends a cookie to your computer. Cookies are files that Web browsers place on a computer’s hard drive and are used to tell us whether customers and visitors have visited the Site previously. Standing alone, cookies do not identify you personally. They merely recognize your browser. Cookies come in two flavors: session and persistent-based. Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you’ve closed your browser or turned off your computer. OneReport uses session cookies containing encrypted information to allow the system to uniquely identify you while you are logged in. This information allows OneReport, Inc. to process your online transactions and requests. OneReport does not use persistent cookies. Users who disable their Web browsers’ ability to accept cookies will be able to browse our website
Third Party Cookies:
We may from time to time engage third parties to track and analyze non-personally identifiable usage and volume statistical information from visitors to our website to help us administer our website and improve its quality. Such third parties may use cookies to help track visitor behavior. Such cookies will not be used to associate individual website visitors to any personally identifiable information. All data collected by such third parties on behalf of OneReport is used only to provide us with information on site usage and is not shared with any other third parties.
Third-Party Sites:
The Site contains links to other websites. OneReport is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other websites. Customers and visitors will need to check the policy statement of these others websites to understand their policies. Customers and visitors who access a linked site may be disclosing their private information. It is the responsibility of the user to keep such information private and confidential.
Security:
Our Site has security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the Data under our control. When our Site is accessed using Netscape Navigator, or Microsoft Internet Explorer versions 5.5 or higher, Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology protects information using both server authentication and data encryption to help ensure that Data is safe, secure, and available only to you. OneReport also implements an advanced security method based on dynamic data and encoded session identifications, and hosts the Site in a secure server environment that uses a firewall and other advanced technology to prevent interference or access from outside intruders.
Opt-Out Policy:
OneReport offers its visitors and customers a means to choose how we may use information provided. If, at any time after registering for information or ordering the Service, you change your mind about receiving information from us or about sharing your information with third parties, send us a request specifying your new choice. Simply send us your request at remove@one-report.com.
Correcting & Updating Your Information:
If customers need to update or change registration information they may do so by contacting our service team. To update billing information please contact us and OneReport will address your request for a correction or update within no more than 10 days.
Additional Information:
Questions regarding this Statement or the practices of this Site should be directed to OneReport’s Security Administrator by emailing us such questions at security1@one-report.com, or by postal mail addressed to OneReport, Inc., Attn: Security Administrator, OneReport, 22 High Street, # 301, Brattleboro, VT 05301, USA.
OneReport, Inc.
22 High Street, #301
Brattleboro, VT 05301
United States
Phone: + (802) 251 0500
Who We Serve
Data Network
Software & Services
Resources
About Us
Login to OneReport
News/Blog
Demo Request
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Site Map
The use of the above logos, trademarks, and/or service marks, which are the exclusive property of each such entity (or its affiliates), do not constitute a sponsorship, endorsement or promotion by each such entity (or its affiliates).
© 2003 - 2020 OneReport, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Contact Us
We're not around right now. But you can send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.
I consent to OneReport collecting my details through this form.
Send
Start typing and press Enter to search