https://oneandall.com/home/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - One & All
About
Services
Clients
News
Contact
Privacy Policy
Updated: January 2020
We at One & All (“we”, “us” or “our”) respect your privacy.
This privacy policy applies to the processing of personal data by One & All and Commonwealth Lists in the United States.
If you are a California consumer and would like information about our online and offline privacy practices and your privacy rights, please see the section of this Privacy Notice called “California Consumer Privacy Statement.”
PURPOSE OF THIS POLICY
This privacy policy (“Policy”) explains our approach to any personal information that we might collect from you using this website (the “Site”) and in other situations, as well as the purposes for which we process your personal information. This Policy also sets out your rights in respect of our processing of your personal information.
This Policy will inform you of the nature of the personal information about you that is processed by us and how you can request that we delete, update, transfer and/or provide you with access to it. This Policy is intended to assist you in making informed decisions when using this Site.
For purposes of this Policy, the term “Consumer” should be understood to mean any individual providing personal information to us via the Site or otherwise, excluding all One & All employees.
BY USING OR ACCESSING THE SITE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY OUR PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE SITE.
TYPE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED
Personal information is information that identifies you as an individual. Categories of personal information we collect through this Site include:
Contact information (e.g. name, physical address, telephone number, email address)
Information for hiring and human resources (e.g. employment and education history, work eligibility status, date of birth, financial account information, government-issued identification information)
Additional information you submit to us
This Site does not collect personal information unless you voluntarily submit that information to us or participate in the interactive features on the Site.
Additional information about the personal information we collect is described in the next section HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION and the COOKIE POLICY below.
HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Our primary goal in collecting personal information from you is to:
Verify your identity
Help us improve our products and services and develop and market new products and services
Carry out requests made by you to us
Investigate or settle inquiries or disputes
Comply with any applicable law, court order, other judicial process, or the requirements of a regulator
Enforce our agreements with you
Protect the rights, property or safety of us or third parties, including our other clients and users of the Site
Provide support for the provision of our Services
Use as otherwise required or permitted by law
USES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH THIS SITE
The following describes how we use personal information that we collect through this Site:
Client information
Information we collect with respect to our clients and potential clients is used to enable us to respond to client requests, to administer client accounts with us, to conduct credit checks, and to verify and carry out financial transactions for payments made to us.
Career Opportunities
Potential employees and service providers may provide us with information to find out about and apply for career opportunities, including by providing resumes and other related information. This information is used to enable us to review applications, respond to these requests, and to make hiring decisions.
Cookies
We use cookies and similar other technologies to collect information from the computer hardware and software you use to access the Site, or from your mobile. Please see our Cookie Policy for additional information.
The information you provide to us may be archived or stored periodically by us according to our standard backup processes and our document retention policy.
OTHER USES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may also collect information in other contexts other than this Site based on our business relationship with you. That information may be used in the manner described above and in other ways, such as:
Marketing Communications
We may carry out marketing activities using your personal information. We may send marketing information to you by mail or email. It may be necessary to mention the purpose of other marketing communications at the point that we collect that information. We send this information and materials to you where you have consented to receive such information or materials, or where we have another lawful basis to do so to the extent required by law.
PERSONAL INFORMATION OF CHILDREN
Our Site is intended for ages 18 and older. We do not intend to or knowingly collect personal information from children.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your personal information with any of our group affiliates, or with our agents, partners or contractors for the following purposes: (a) receive assistance in processing transactions; (b) fulfillment of requests for information, receiving and sending communications, updating marketing lists, analyzing data; (c) provision of IT and other support services; or (d) assistance in other ancillary to the operation of tasks, from time to time. Our agents, partners and contractors will only use your information to the extent necessary to perform their functions.
We will not sell your personal information to other companies and we will not share it with other companies for them to use without your consent, except in connection with the sale or merger of One & All or the division or office responsible for the services.
OBTAINING YOUR CONSENT
Where our use of your personal information requires your consent, you can provide such consent:
At the time we collect your personal information following the instructions provided; or
By informing us by e-mail, post or phone using the contact details set out in this Policy.
Please note that if you specifically consent to additional uses of your personal information, we may use your personal information in a manner consistent with that consent.
ACCESS
We provide you with reasonable access to the personal information maintained about you. We also provide you with a reasonable opportunity to correct, amend or delete the information where it is inaccurate. We may limit or deny access to personal information where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy in the case in question, or where the rights of third persons would be violated.
CHOICE AND MEANS
We generally offer you the opportunity to choose whether your personal information may be (a) disclosed to third-party controllers or (b) used for a purpose that is materially different from the purposes for which the information was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. We may obtain opt-in consent for certain uses and disclosures of sensitive data. Unless we offer you an appropriate choice, we use personal information only for purposes that are materially the same as those indicated in this Policy. To exercise your choices you may contact us as indicated in this Policy.
We may share personal information with our affiliates and subsidiaries as described above under SHARING YOUR INFORMATION. We may disclose personal information without offering an opportunity to opt out, and we may be required to disclose such information (a) to third-party processors we have retained to perform services on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions, (b) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, or (c) in response to lawful requests from public authorities, including to meet national security, public interest or law enforcement requirements. We also reserve the right to transfer personal information in the event of an audit or if we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a merger, acquisition, joint venture, reorganization, dissolution or liquidation).
SECURITY
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal data from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal data. Also see CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION below.
THIRD PARTY LINKS AND SERVICES
Our Site contains links to third party websites and services. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Site to another website or you request a service from a third party, this Policy no longer applies.
Your browsing and interaction on any other websites, or your dealings with any other third-party service provider, is subject to that website’s or third party service provider’s own rules and policies. We do not monitor, control, or endorse the privacy practices of any third parties.
This Site may integrate with social networking services. You understand that we do not control such services and are not liable for the manner in which they operate. While we may provide you with the ability to use such services in connection with our Site, we are doing so merely as an accommodation and, like you, are relying upon those third-party services to operate properly and fairly.
This Policy does not apply to these third-party websites and third party service providers.
OPT OUT AND UNWANTED COMMUNICATIONS
To opt-out of any future promotional or marketing communications or any other communications from us, you should send a request to us at the contact information in the section entitled CONTACT DETAILS. We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt. Please note that if you opt out in this manner, certain aspects of this Site may no longer be available to you.
CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We are committed to keeping the personal information you provide to us secure. We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect your personal information, including but not limited to sophisticated software and hardware that prevent personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal information.
Information regarding job applications is encrypted and transmitted in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the URL. Only employees or third parties who need the information to process a specific request are granted access to personally identifiable information.
OUR COOKIE POLICY
We use cookies and similar technologies to collect personal information from the computer or other device you use to access the Site. “Cookies” are pieces of information that may be placed on your device for the purpose of collecting data to facilitate and enhance your communication and interaction with our Site. We may also allow certain third parties to place cookies as described below.
We use cookies and other technologies on all our sites to ensure the best possible experience on our Site. These uses include:
We use analytical cookies to recognize and count users of our Site, measure the effectiveness of our content, and understand how visitors use our Site. We currently use Google Analytics for this purpose.
We may place, or allow a third party to place, functional cookies to make a website easier to use, such as cookies that maintain a user’s session.
For example, job applicants who visit our Site and apply for a job are directed to a third-party site to submit applications and that site places a cookie that is used to maintain an applicant’s session. That same third party may also place other cookies, such as a LinkedIn cookie, that may also apply to job applicants. We currently use Greenhouse for this function. You can delete these cookies via your browser settings.
We also use Vimeo to host videos, which places a cookie to allow visitors to view the videos that are embedded in posts and pages on our Site.
You can review your Internet browser settings to exercise choices you have for certain cookies. If you disable or delete certain cookies in your Internet browser settings, you might not be able to access or use important functions or features of this Sites, and you may be required to re-enter your log-in details.
To learn more about the use of cookies for Google Analytics, please visit the Google Analytics Opt-Out Brower Add-on at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
To learn more about the use of cookies placed by third parties, please see the following:
Greenhouse
https://www.greenhouse.io/privacy-policy
Vimeo
https://vimeo.com/cookie_policy
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may make changes to this Policy from time to time. This Site includes a date on which it was last updated.
To ensure that you are always aware of how we use your personal information, we will update this Policy from time to time to reflect any changes to our use of your personal information. We encourage you to review this Policy periodically to be informed of how we use your personal information.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We retain personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes described in this Policy, after which it is deleted from our systems.
RECOURSE ENFORCEMENT AND LIABILITY
We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission. Consumer Recourse: You may file a complaint concerning our processing of your personal information. You may contact us as specified below about complaints regarding our personal information handling practices.
CONTACT DETAILS
For questions or concerns about this Policy, or to ask questions or express concerns about our collection, management and processing of personal information, Consumers may by contact us by:
Sending an e-mail to privacy@oneandall.com; or
Sending us a letter:
2 N. Lake Ave.
Ste 600
Pasadena, CA 91101
©
2020					One & All. All rights reserved. Privacy