https://onestop-locks.com/content/privacy-statement-6
>
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
We will treat all your personal information as confidential, although we reserve the right to disclose this information in the circumstances set out below. We will encrypt data that you send us and keep it on a secure server.  We will take all other reasonable care to comply with applicable UK data protection and consumer legislation from time to time in place.
When you purchase products on this web-site, we and our payment service provider will ask you to input and will collect personal information from you such as your name, e-mail address, billing address, delivery address, telephone number, product selections, credit or debit card details or other payment information.
To help us improve the quality of our service, we may also collect information about where you are on the Internet (eg. the URL you came from, IP address, domain types like .co.uk and .com), your browser type, the country where your computer is located, the pages of our web-site that were viewed during your visit, the hyperlinks you clicked on, and any search terms that you entered on our web-site ("user information"). We may collect this information even if you do not purchase from us.
We do not gain access to your computer in any way nor do we collect any personal information about you without your knowledge.  When you visit our web-site, in effect you are anonymous.  However, if you opt to provide us with data about you, for example when you request further information about one of our products or sign up to receive news from us, we will use your personal information only as set out in this privacy statement. You have the option to receive information from One Stop Locks by e-mail or post about products, promotions or special offers that we feel may be of interest to you. In the event that you do not wish to be contacted for such purposes, ensure that you tick the appropriate box as you go through the order process. You may unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time by e-mailing us at enquiries@onestop-locks.com
We use your information only for the following purposes:
to process your order(s)
to improve this web-site and its services to you
to serve web-site content and information to you
to administer this web-site
if you consent, to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you.
Your personal information will not be released to any company or third party outside of Camlock Systems Limited and its trading divisions for mailing or marketing purposes without having first obtained your express permission to do so. You agree that if we are requested by the police or any other regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities to provide your personal information and /or user information we are entitled do so.
You agree that you do not object to us contacting you for the purposes of processing your order(s) whether by e-mail, in writing or by telephone, and you confirm that you do not and will not consider such contact as being a breach of any of your rights under the Telecommunications (Data Protection and Privacy) Regulations 1999.
Cookies
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better web-site.  You can choose to accept or decline cookies being placed on your computer.  Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, however you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you wish to.  If you use this web-site, we will presume that you have consented to us placing cookies on your computer.  We regret that if you opt not to accept cookies on to your computer you may not use or access this web-site.
We use cookies to enable us to deliver information to you in the way that you prefer.  We also use traffic logging cookies to identify which web pages are being viewed. This helps us to analyse data about web page traffic and tailor our web-site to customers’ needs.  We only use this information to analyse overall usage patterns and then the data is removed from our IT system.  Further detailed information about the cookies we use on this site and what these do is provided below.  All cookies identify their owner in the form of a domain name.  All the cookies on this site are ‘first party cookies’ that specify this site as the owner.
Cookie
Description
Expiration
Google Analytics cookies
__utma
Used to determine unique visitors to the site and it is updated with each page view.
2 years.
__utmb
Used to establish and continue a user session with the site. When a user views a page on the site, the Google Analytics code attempts to update this cookie.
30 minutes.
__utmc
Operates in conjunction with the __utmb cookie to determine whether or not to establish a new session for the user.
At end of session.
__utmz
Stores the type of referral used by the visitor to reach the site, whether via a direct method, a referring link, a web-site search, or a campaign such as an ad or an e-mail link. It is used to calculate search engine traffic, ad campaigns and page navigation within the site.
6 months.
__utmv
Used to create a custom user segment, which places into a group all users that visit a particular web page or perform a certain action, such as submitting an enquiry.
2 years.
Shopping cart cookie that contains the following encrypted information:
date_add
Stores the date and time the cookie was created.
20 days
id_lang
Stores selected language.
20 days
id_currency
Stores selected currency.
20 days
last_visited_category
Stores last visited category of product listings.
20 days
ajax_blockcart_display
Used to check whether the cart is "expanded" or "collapsed".
20 days
viewed
Used to check recently viewed products.
20 days
id_wishlist
Stores current wishlist displayed in the wishlist block.
20 days
checkedTOS
Used to check whether the "Terms of trading" checkbox has been ticked.
20 days
id_guest
Stores the guest ID of the visitor when not logged in.
20 days
id_connections
Stores the connection ID of the visitor's current session.
20 days
id_customer
Stores the customer ID of the visitor when logged in.
20 days
customer_lastname
Stores the last name of the customer.
20 days
customer_firstname
Stores the first name of the customer.
20 days
logged
Used to check whether the customer is logged in.
20 days
passwd
Stores encrypted password the customer used to log in.
20 days
email
Stores the email address that the customer used to log in.
20 days
id_cart
Stores the ID of the current cart displayed in the cart.
20 days
checksum
Checksum used to determine whether the cookie has been modified by a third party.
20 days
Other cookies
cookie_ue
Used to check whether the cookie information was acknowledged.
1 year
Links to other websites
Our web-site contains links to other sites that are relevant to our operations. Should you use one of these links and leave our site, we may have no control over that other web-site.  Consequently, we cannot be held responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide to such sites and it is not governed by this privacy statement.  You are advised to look at the privacy statement on the web-site(s) in question.
Access to personal data that we hold on you (if any)
Under the Data Protection Act 1998, you may request details of the personal information that we hold about you, if any. We are entitled to charge a small fee to cover the administration costs of identifying and supplying this information to you.  If you would like a copy of the information we hold on you, please send an e-mail to enquiries@camlock.com.  If you believe that any information we hold on you is incorrect or incomplete, please send an e-mail to enquiries@camlock.com and we will amend any information found to be incorrect;  there is no charge for this.
Please check back each time you use this site to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
June 2012