https://onestop-locks.com/content/terms-and-conditions-of-trading-3
>
Terms and Conditions of Trading
Terms and Conditions of Trading
By accessing or using this web-site you agree to be bound by all the terms and conditions below.  If you do not accept these terms and conditions you may not use or access this web-site.
Definitions
"Conditions" means these terms and conditions of trading.
"Cookies" means small text files which our web-site places on your computer's hard drive to identify your computer, to enhance your experience of using this web-site and to store information about your purchasing session.
"Payment service provider" means the organization One Stop Locks uses to provide a secure environment to accept credit or debit card payments over the Internet.
"Personal information" means the details provided by you.
"Product" means a product displayed for sale on the web-site.
"Product description" means that part of the web-site where certain details, specifications and user recommendations in respect of the individual product are provided.
"Users" means the users of the web-site collectively.
"We/us" means Camlock Systems Limited, trading as One Stop Locks.
"Web-site" means the web-site located at www.onestop-locks.com or any subsequent URL that may replace it.
"You" means a user of this web-site.
Use of the web-site
You are provided with access to this web-site in accordance with these conditions and any orders placed by you must be placed strictly in accordance with these conditions.
You warrant that:
the personal information that you are required to provide when you order products from us as a customer is true, accurate, current and complete in all respects; and
you will notify us immediately of any changes to the personal information by e-mail.
You agree not to impersonate any other person or entity or to use a false name or a name that you are not authorised to use.
Orders
All orders are subject to acceptance in accordance with our order acceptance policy incorporated in these conditions. We reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase by you at any time, without giving any reason or justification for doing so.
We will take all reasonable care, in so far as it is in our power to do so, to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but in the absence of negligence on our part or on the part of our payment service provider we cannot be held liable for any loss you may suffer if a third party procures unauthorised access to any data you provide when accessing or ordering from the web-site.
Order acceptance policy
To be eligible to purchase products on this web-site and lawfully enter into and form contracts on this web-site under English law you must:
provide your real name, phone number, e-mail address, payment details and other requested information
be over 18 years of age
stipulate an address to which delivery can be made without difficulty;  please note that PO box numbers, hotels and accommodation addresses are not acceptable
possess a valid credit or debit card issued by a bank acceptable to us.
By making an offer to buy a product, you specifically authorise our payment service provider and us to transmit information (including any updated information) or to obtain information about you from third parties from time to time, including but not limited to your debit or credit card number or credit reports, to authenticate your identity, to validate your credit card, to obtain an initial credit card authorisation and to authorise individual purchase transactions.
Non-acceptance of an order may be a result of one of the following:
the product you ordered being unavailable from stock
our inability to obtain authorisation for your payment
the identification of a pricing or product description error
you not meeting the eligibility to order criteria incorporated in these conditions.
Refusal of transaction
We may refuse to process a transaction for any reason or refuse service to anyone at any time at our sole discretion.
We reserve the right to withdraw any products from this web-site at any time and/or remove or edit any materials or content on this web-site.  We will not be liable to you or any third party by reason of our: -
withdrawing any product from this web-site whether or not that product has been sold
removing or editing any materials or content on the web-site
refusing to process a transaction or
unwinding or suspending any transaction after processing has begun.
Contract creation and electronic contracting
The technical steps required to create the contract between you and us are as follows.
You place the order for your products on the web-site by pressing the confirm order button at the end of the check-out process. You will be guided through the process of placing an order by a series of simple instructions on the web-site.
We will send to you an order acknowledgement e-mail detailing the products you have ordered. This is not an order confirmation or order acceptance from One Stop Locks.
Order acceptance and the completion of the contract between you and us will take place on the despatch to you of the product(s) ordered unless we have notified you that we do not accept your order or you have cancelled it in accordance with the contract cancellation instructions incorporated in these conditions.
The contract will be concluded in English.
One Stop Locks will not file the details of your specific contract. If you do require any information regarding orders you have placed with One Stop Locks please write to us at the following address:
E-commerce DepartmentCamlock Systems Ltd3 Park ViewCompton Industrial EstateEastbourneEast SussexBN23 6QAUnited Kingdom
Contract cancellation
A consumer (but not a business) is entitled by law to cancel this contract if you so wish provided that you exercise your right no longer than 14 calendar days after the day on which you receive the products.  If you wish to exercise your right to cancel this contract you are required to follow the procedure set out in our Returns Policy incorporated in these conditions.  Please note that your right to return products does not extend to goods made or assembled to your specification (for example, locks operated by the same key), unless we accept that such products are faulty.  This does not affect your statutory rights as a consumer.
Delivery and inspection of the product
You agree to the terms set out on the web-site under Delivery.
Indemnity
You agree fully to indemnify, defend and hold us, and our officers, directors, employees, agents and suppliers, harmless immediately on demand, from and against all claims, liability, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees, arising out of any breach of the conditions by you or any other liabilities arising out of your use of this web-site, or the use by any other person ordering a product or products using your credit or debit card and/or your personal information.
Our rights
We reserve the right to:
modify or withdraw, temporarily or permanently, this web-site (or any part thereof) with or without notice to you and you confirm that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification to or withdrawal of the web-site; and/or
change these conditions from time to time, and your continued use of the web-site (or any part thereof) following such change shall be deemed to be your acceptance of such change. It is your responsibility to check regularly to determine whether the conditions have been changed. If you do not agree to any change to the conditions then you must immediately stop using the web-site.
Third party links
To provide increased value to our users, we may provide links to other web-sites for you to access at your sole discretion. You acknowledge and agree that, as you have chosen to enter the linked web-site we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites, and do not review or endorse and are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for (i) the content of such web-sites, including (without limitation) any advertising, content, products, goods or other materials or services on or available from such web-sites (ii) the privacy practices of such web-sites, or (iii) the use to which others make of these web-sites, nor for any damage, loss or offence caused or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with, the use of or reliance on any such advertising, content, products, goods or other materials or services available on such external web-sites or resources.
Description of products
Each product purchased is sold subject to its product description which sets out additional specific conditions related to that product, including, without limitation, information provided by the manufacturer of the product.  We will take all reasonable care to ensure that all details, descriptions and prices of products appearing on the web-site are correct at the time when the relevant information was entered onto the system.  Although we aim to keep the web-site as up to date as possible, the information included in product descriptions appearing on this web-site at a particular time may not always reflect the position exactly at the moment you place an order. We cannot confirm the price of a product until your order is accepted in accordance with our Order Acceptance Policy incorporated in these conditions.
Payment
The total cost of your order is the price of the products ordered plus delivery charges as set out in the Delivery section of this web-site.
All prices are shown to be inclusive or exclusive of VAT (where applicable) at the current rates and are correct at the time of entering the information onto the system.  The current VAT rate will be charged on all applicable orders irrespective of whether an order is placed or delivery is made to an address in the UK or overseas.  The amount of the VAT will not be refunded on overseas orders and deliveries unless a valid VAT number is provided.
Payment can be made only by the methods specified by our payment service provider and payment will be debited and cleared from your account as set out in their terms and conditions.
You confirm that the credit or debit card that is being used is yours.
All credit/debit cardholders are subject to validation checks and authorisation by the card issuer. If the issuer of your payment card refuses to or does not, for any reason, authorise payment to our payment service provider, we will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery.
Returns policy
We hope you will be highly satisfied with any product purchased on our web-site but if you wish to return an item to us it must be returned within 14 calendar days after the day on which you receive the product(s), be in its original packaging and be in a saleable condition when received by us.  You should make clear whether you want a replacement, an exchange or a refund, and tell us the reason for the return.  We will initiate the replacement, exchange or refund only after we have received and verified the returned item.  Unless we accept that the product was faulty or we supplied the wrong item, we will not refund the charge made for delivery to you and you are required to pay the cost of returning the product to us.  We will not refund the cost of return delivery unless we accept that the product was faulty or we supplied the wrong item.  Where we accept that the product was faulty, we will refund the price of the item, the charge made for delivery to the purchaser and the cost of returning the goods to us up to a maximum of the charge made for delivery to the purchaser.  Claims for the cost of return of goods will not be accepted unless they are quantified (within the maximum limit mentioned above) and notified to us at the time of returning the goods.  Refunds will be made to the same credit card that was used for the transaction.
To minimise any delay in dealing with your returned item(s) please:-
wrap the item securely for transit, using the manufacturer's original packaging, if supplied
enclose our despatch note
ensure we receive it within 14 calendar days after the day on which you receive the product(s)
pay the full cost of return delivery (excess carriage charges incurred by us will be deducted from any refund which is due to you).
Intellectual property and right to use
You acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all material or content supplied as part of the web-site shall remain at all times vested in us or our licensors. You are permitted to use this material only as expressly authorised by our licensors or us.
You acknowledge and agree that the material and content contained within the web-site is made available for your personal non-commercial use only and that you may, if necessary to make a purchase, download such material and content onto only one computer hard drive for such purpose. Any other use of the material and content of the web-site is strictly prohibited. You agree not to copy, reproduce, transmit, publish, display, distribute, commercially exploit or create derivative works of such material and content, and agree not to assist or facilitate any third party to do so.
Compliance with laws
The web-site may be used only for lawful purposes and in a lawful manner. You agree to comply with all applicable laws, statutes and regulations regarding the web-site and any transactions conducted on or through the web-site.
Limitation of liability
While we will use reasonable endeavours to verify the accuracy of any information we place on the web-site, we make no warranties, whether express or implied in relation to its accuracy.
The web-site is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis without any representation or endorsement made and we make no warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, in relation to the web-site, or any transaction that may be conducted on or through the web-site including but not limited to, implied warranties of non-infringement, compatibility, security, accuracy, conditions of completeness, or any implied warranty arising from course of dealing or usage or trade.
We make no warranty that the web-site will meet your requirements or will be uninterrupted, timely or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the web-site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, accuracy, reliability of the web-site. We will not be responsible or liable to you for any loss of content or material uploaded or transmitted through the web-site.
To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, we disclaim any and all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, in relation to the products. This does not affect your statutory rights as a consumer, nor does it affect your contract cancellation rights.
We will not be liable, in contract, tort (including, without limitation, negligence), pre-contract or other representations (other than fraudulent or negligent misrepresentations) or otherwise out of or in connection with the conditions for:-
any economic losses, including without limitation loss of revenues, profits, contracts, business or anticipated savings, or
any loss of goodwill or reputation, or
any special or indirect losses suffered or incurred by any party arising out of or in connection with the provisions of any matter under the conditions.
Nothing in the conditions shall exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or that of our servants, agents or employees.
Severance
If any part of the conditions shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed to be severable from the conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any of the remaining provisions of the conditions.
Waiver
No waiver by us shall be construed as a waiver of any proceeding or succeeding breach of any provision.
Survival
Each provision of the conditions shall be construed as separately applying and surviving even if for any reason one or other of those provisions is held to be inapplicable or unenforceable in any circumstances.
Entire agreement
These conditions govern our relationship with you. Any changes to these conditions must be in writing and signed by both parties. In this way, we can avoid any problems surrounding what One Stop Locks and you are expected to do.
You confirm that, in agreeing to accept the conditions, you have not relied on any representation save insofar as the same has expressly been made a term of these conditions and you agree that you shall have no remedy in respect of any representation. Your statutory rights are not affected by these terms and conditions.
Nothing in this clause shall limit or exclude our liability in respect of any fraudulent or negligent misrepresentation whether or not such has become a term of the conditions.
Law
The conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
Contact
You can contact us by e-mail at the following address:   enquiries@onestop-locks.com
You can write to us at:
E-commerce DepartmentCamlock Systems Ltd3 Park ViewCompton Industrial EstateEastbourneEast SussexBN23 6QAUnited Kingdom
You may also phone us on 01323 418105 (please ask for the E-commerce Department) to make an enquiry, however you will normally find that your enquiry will be dealt with sooner if submitted by e-mail.
November 2014