https://onesourcerelocation.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
OneSource Relocation
PRIVACY POLICY
OneSource Relocation (“OneSource Relocation,” “we,” or “us”) understands how important your privacy and the protection of your personal data is to you. The following Privacy Policy explains how we protect personal data that we collect, store, use, transfer, and otherwise process.
“Personal data” means any data that relates to an identified or identifiable natural person.
“Processing” means any operation or set of operations which is performed upon personal data, whether or not by automatic means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
“Relocation Services” include destination services, visa and immigration assistance, household goods transportation, language training, temporary accommodations, education assistance,  auto leasing, banking services, cost of living data services, intercultural training, mortgage services, pet transport, real estate (home sale and home purchase services), rental assistance, spousal and family assistance, tax preparation services, translation services, and travel services.
1. Responsibility for Your Personal Data
OneSource Relocation is responsible for the processing of your personal data under this Privacy Policy. You may contact us regarding any questions or complaints as specified in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
2. Categories of Individuals About Whom We Process Personal Data
We process personal data from or about the following categories of individuals:
Individuals employed by a OneSource Relocation client, and their families, for whom the client has contracted with us to provide employee relocation management and consulting services (personal data regarding such individuals is referred to as “Transferee Data”);
Users of the OneSource Relocation website (personal data regarding such individuals and collected via our website is referred to as “Website User Data”);
Individuals who are, or are associated with, OneSource Relocation business clients, relocation service partners, vendors, or other business contacts with whom we interact or seek to establish a relationship with (personal data regarding such individuals is referred to as “Business Contact Data”).
Individuals employed (or applying for employment) with OneSource Relocation as employees, contractors, or consultants (personal data regarding such individuals is referred to as “HR Data”);
3. Types, Sources, and Purposes of Personal Data Processing
We may collect and store various types of personal data about you, depending on the category in which you fall and the reason for which the personal data is processed. The following is a general summary of the personal data about you that we may process in each category, the sources of such personal data, and the purposes and legal basis for processing:
3.1 Transferee Data
We provide employee relocation management and consulting services for designated employees (and their families) of our clients.  In performing such services, we receive Transferee Data from our clients about such designated employees and their family members, as well as directly from the designated employees and their family members, as necessary or relevant to the services we are providing to them. Our processing of Transferee Data may be summarized as follows:
Types of Transferee Data: The Transferee Data we collect and process varies with your status (e.g., whether you are a transferring employee, spouse, or family member) and the Relocation Services you will be offered.  Such personal data may include:
Basic Data:  Name, home and work address, telephone /or mobile telephone number, e-mail address, destination, gender, marital status, date of birth/age, job title, salary, bank information, social security number, visa/immigration information, passport information, nationality, citizenship, religion, driver’s license/ID card information, and employee ID number.
Special Categories of Personal Data: Nationality, religion, racial or ethnic origin, church affiliation, trade union membership, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying you, data concerning health, or data concerning sexual orientation;
Data Regarding Transactions:  Additional personal data regarding the transferring employee, spouse, and family members as necessary for, or generated or revealed in connection with, transactions involving the relocation service partners who provide a variety of Relocation Services.
Sources of Transferee Data: Most of the Transferee Data collected by OneSource Relocation relating to a transferring employee or their spouse or family members is supplied by our clients. We also obtain Transferee Data directly from the transferring employee, spouse, and family members who we are hired to assist. In addition, we work with a global network of relocation service partners who provide a variety of Relocation Services for the transferring employee, spouse, and family members. In the course of working with such service partners, we often acquire additional personal data regarding the transferring employee, spouse, and family members that is generated or revealed in connection with transactions involving the foregoing services.
Purposes and Legal Basis for the Processing: We process Transferee Data only for the purposes of providing relocation management and consulting services for our clients’ designated employees and their families. Such processing is done in furtherance of the performance of those services to fulfill our contractual obligations to our clients and their designated employees and in furtherance of our legitimate business interests. It may also be done to comply with our legal obligations (such as record-keeping obligations), compliance screening or recording obligations, and financial and credit check and fraud crime prevention and detection purposes.
3.2 Website User Data
You do not have to submit any personal data in order to use our website.
Types of Website User Data: When you visit the OneSource Relocation website, we may collect two types of data: (1) personal data about you that you voluntarily choose to provide to us, and (2) information related to your activities on the OneSource Relocation website that we automatically collect as you interact with the website (“website Usage Information”).
Information You Voluntarily Provide: We collect personal data that you voluntarily provide in response to requests we may make at various places and through various mechanisms on OneSource Relocation website. The personal data we collect is usually limited to contact information necessary for the relationship, such as name, company name, job title, and email address. We may collect such information, for example, when you fill out and submit a form, such as if you register for an account with us, register for an event, or register to receive a newsletter or email communications, when you submit an inquiry or request to us using a form or e-mail address link on our website, and when you send an email to a OneSource Relocation address or mail list that is listed on OneSource Relocation website. In such case, we will collect whatever personal data you voluntarily provide in response to our request.
Website Usage Information and Cookies: The OneSource Relocation website uses cookies for analytical and functionality purposes that allow us to improve our website based on visitor experience. Cookies are small text files placed on a computer hard drive to record a visitor’s information such as user ID and browsing behavior. Our cookies do not collect any personal data such as your name or email address. We use the following types of cookies:
(a) Necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable
the website to perform as intended and to access secure areas of our website.
(b) Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and repeat visitors, to see how visitors
move around our website when they are using it, to see which search engine is being used to access our website, the region a visitor is
browsing from, and the type of device a user is visiting from. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by
ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. We may use third-party services, currently Google Analytics and
WordPress Plugins, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behavior patterns. This information is only
processed in a way that does not identify anyone. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
If you do not wish to receive cookies, most browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. Please note that if you choose to change
cookie settings you may not be able to use the full functionality of our website. These settings will typically be found in the “options”
or “preferences” menu of your browser. Further, most browsers permit individuals to decline cookies. To find out more about cookies,
including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them,
visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org .
Links to Third Party websites. The OneSource Relocation website may contain links to social media sites, such as LinkedIn, Twitter, and/or Facebook, and/or to other third-party websites. We do not control these websites. If a user follows any such links, any information that the user provides will be governed by the terms of use and/or the privacy policies of those third-party websites, and may be visible to others. You should never share or post personal, financial or sensitive information or any information you expect to be treated confidentially through those websites.
Information about Children. The OneSource Relocation website is not directed to children younger than age sixteen (16). We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of sixteen (16) via the OneSource Relocation website and we will delete any such information later determined to be from a person younger than age sixteen (16).
Sources of Website User Data: We obtain Website User Data about you: (i) directly from you if you voluntarily choose to enter personal data on the OneSource Relocation website, and (ii) from the data analytics software, cookies, and web beacons that we may use on the OneSource Relocation website.
Purposes and Legal Basis for Processing: We process Website User Data for the purposes of building relationships with existing and potential clients, the employees they have retained us to assist, and other interested parties, communicating with such parties, and analyzing and improving the OneSource Relocation website. This includes keeping such people informed of the latest updates about our products and services. Such processing is done in furtherance of and is necessary for the legitimate business interests pursued by OneSource Relocation.
3.3 Business Contact Data
As any business, we collect, receive, and process Business Contact Data regarding our clients, potential clients, and other third parties (e.g., relocation service partners, vendors, suppliers, and other business and professional contacts) with whom we may interact from time to time.
Types of Business Contact Data: The Business Contact Data that we collect and process typically consists of information such as name, title, position, employer, email address, other business related data (e.g., business card data), and similar relationship type data.
Sources of Business Contact Data: We obtain Business Contact Data about you (i) directly from you, such as when you are in contact with us, you attend a seminar or another event or sign up to receive newsletters, emails, or other information from us, or when you or your organization offer to provide or provide services to us, (ii) from others (e.g., referrals), (iii) from third parties, such as government agencies, and (iv) from publicly available sources, such as websites (e.g., LinkedIn, your business’ website, etc.).
Purposes and Legal Basis for the Processing: We process Business Contact Data for the purposes of building and managing relationships with existing and potential clients and other interested parties, communicating with such parties, and generally operating our business. This includes keeping such people informed of the latest updates regarding our products and services.  Such processing is done in furtherance of and is necessary for the legitimate business interests pursued by OneSource Relocation. It may also be done to comply with our legal obligations (such as record-keeping obligations), compliance screening or recording obligations, and financial and credit check and fraud crime prevention and detection purposes.
4. Sharing of Personal Data
We may share selected personal data about you with the following parties or in the following circumstances.
4.1 Affiliates. We may share personal data about you between or among our affiliates as appropriate for the conduct of our business.
4.2 Third Party Service Providers. We may share personal data about you with third parties who perform services for us or on our behalf, for the limited purpose of carrying out such services. This includes, without limitation, third parties that assist in managing our organization, hosting or administering our website or other systems, sending communications on our behalf, maintaining or analyzing our data, providing marketing assistance, or in providing professional services to us.
4.3 Relocation Service Partners. If you (or a family member) have been designated by one of our clients as a person to whom we are contracted to provide relocation management and consulting services, we may share personal data about you with one or more of our relocation service partners who provide a variety of Relocation Services to assist in your relocations.   A list of all such relocation service partners is available at https://onesourcerelocation.com/about-us/service-partners/.   We have contracts with such service partners requiring that they protect your data.
4.4 Our Clients. If you (or a family member) have been designated by one of our clients as a person for whom we are contracted to provide relocation management and consulting services, we share personal data about you with such client.
4.5 Corporate Change. We reserve the right to disclose and transfer personal data about you in connection with a merger, consolidation, restructuring, financing, sale of substantially all assets, or other organizational change to our business.
4.6 Legal Requirements and Law Enforcement. We may disclose personal data about you when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; at the request of governmental authorities conducting an audit or investigation; pursuant to a court order, subpoena, or discovery request in litigation; to verify or enforce compliance with our agreements or policies and applicable laws, rules, and regulations; or whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit our legal liability or to protect or enforce the rights, interests, or safety of the OneSource Relocation website, its users, or other third parties. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful.
4.7 Consent. We may also share personal data about you in accordance with any express consent you or your authorized agent give us which is specific to the purposes of the processing which you will be informed about at the time we request such consent. You do not have to give such consent. If you do give consent, you may withdraw it at any time by contacting us (see “How to Contact Us” section below), however please be aware that such withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of personal data collected and processed prior to the date of your withdrawal of consent.
5. Cross-Border Transfers of Personal Data
Whenever OneSource Relocation transfers personal data from one country to another, it will do so in compliance with applicable privacy and data protection law. For purposes of facilitating transfers of personal data from the EU to the U.S. OneSource Relocation has entered into EU Standard Contractual Clauses.
6. Data Retention Period.
All personal data retained by us will be deleted when such personal data are no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was processed, unless applicable law requires a longer retention period.
7. Your Rights as a Data Subject
If you are a resident of the EU, to the extent provided by the law applicable to the processing of your personal data, you have the following rights:
To request access to the personal data that we hold about you and to request that we rectify or erase it;
To request a copy of the personal data that we hold about you;
To request a transfer of your personal data from us to another data controller; and
To request restriction of processing of your personal data or object to its processing.
For any such request, you can contact us by e-mail, postal mail, or phone as specified in the “How to Contact Us” section below. We will endeavor to respond to all reasonable requests in a timely manner, but in no event longer than the amount of time required by applicable law.
To the extent OneSource Relocation is not the controller of your data, we will notify the controller of your request if required by applicable law.
Updating personal data about you
If any of the personal data that you have provided to us changes, for example if you change your email address or if you wish to cancel any request you have made of us, or if you become aware we have any inaccurate personal data about you, please contact us as specified in the “How to Contact Us” section below. We will not be responsible for any losses arising from any inaccurate, inauthentic, deficient or incomplete personal data that you provide to us.
Withdrawing consent
Where the lawful basis of our processing under applicable law is that you have consented to it for a particular identified purpose, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. To do so, please contact us as specified in the “How to Contact Us” section below. If you do withdraw consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing that was based on your consent before its withdrawal.
Filing a Complaint
If you are not satisfied with how we attended to your rights and requests, you can lodge a complaint with the local Data Protection Authority of your residence or place of work or the place of the alleged infringement. You can find the list of EU Data Protection Authorities here.
Your California Privacy Rights
The California Civil Code grants residents of California the right to request certain information regarding the disclosure of personally identifiable information to third-parties, if the information is used for the third-party’s direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us as specified in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
8. Security of Personal Data
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures (i) to ensure a level of
security appropriate to the risks that are presented by our processing of personal data, in particular from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to personal data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed, and (ii) to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of processing systems and services for the personal data.
9. Changes to this Privacy Policy
Our business and the laws that regulate us change from time to time, and we reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. The current version of this Privacy Policy will be published on our website.
10. How to Contact Us
For any questions about this Privacy Policy, to exercise any of your rights listed above, or for any questions or complaints regarding the manner in which we handle or protect personal data, we can be contacted as follows:
By e-mail: info@OneSourceRelocation.com
By phone: +1-470-268-3600
By postal mail:
OneSource Relocation
Attn: Privacy Policy
375 Northridge Road; Suite 270
Atlanta, Georgia 30350 USA