https://onpurpose.ca/refund-policy
Refund PolicyYou are here: Home1 / Refund PolicyREFUND POLICY
On Purpose Leadership Inc. stands behind our products and services 100% and is dedicated to providing the best possible solutions, products and services we can.   After you purchase, we offer a 14 day refund, if for any reason you are unhappy with the services – the one exception is that once a Personal profile has been completed, the cost of the Personal profile is not refundable.
ON PURPOSE LEADERSHIP INC.TERMS & CONDITIONS – PRIVACY POLICY
1 ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
1.1 Your access to and use of On Purpose Leadership Inc Services, solutions and Products purchased on this website is subject exclusively to these Terms and Conditions. You will not use the Services, Solutions or Products of On Purpose Leadership Inc. for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms and Conditions. By agreeing to purchase any Services, Solutions or Products made available on this site you are fully accepting the terms, conditions and disclaimers contained in this notice. If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions you must immediately stop proceeding with your purchase.
1.2 We reserve the right to update or amend these Terms and Conditions at any time and your continued use of Services, Solutions and Products purchased on this website following any changes shall be deemed to be your acceptance of such change. It is therefore your responsibility to check the Terms and Conditions regularly for any changes.
2 PRIVACY POLICY
We are committed to responsible data management and subscribe to the principals of the data protection legislation in Canada. We are committed to maintaining the privacy of our users and maintaining the security of any personal information received from you. If you register for or purchase any Services, Solutions or Products on this website you will be asked to provide basic personal information. The information provided by you is not available for sale or use by third parties. The information is used solely for notifying you of changes or updates to our website, these terms and conditions or matters affecting your purchase.
Information collected by our company include:
Your name
Your Email addresses are saved with all user orders and accounts.
Billing addresses are required on all orders placed for payment tax, and contact purposes.
Shipping addresses are optional depending on company and product setup and used in a variety of shipping and tax calculation processes.
Order history and order data saved per user can contain personal information including product, option and other cost associated data.
IP information is saved on order processing to help payment processors develop and implement fraud protection processes.
Cookies and session data is often stored and used for ecommerce tracking, and can include a personally identifiable signature to tie a user to their shopping cart, account, and purchasing history.
In some payment processing, the last 4 digits of a credit card and also the expiration date are saved and used in order management for authentication and verification of terminal orders.
On Purpose leadership Inc. implements several tracking code systems such as Google Analytics and Facebook Pixel which indirectly will collect user information such as order data, location, and page flow tracking.  This information is not saved directly within our system, but is directly implemented and passes personal information to those systems.
Third party applications such as Analytical page tracking and order tracking are stored along with geolocation, IP, order, and other personal information to help better provide a clear pathway our users utilize and take.
2.1 We are committed to maintaining the privacy of our users and maintaining the security of any personal information received from you. If you register for or purchase any Services, Solutions or Products you will be asked to provide basic personal information. The information provided by you is not available for sale or use by third parties. The information is used solely matters consistent with the business relationship between you and On purpose Leadership Inc.
2.2 Analytics and page data such as google and facebook are used to track and monitor visitors from our website.  These services collect anonymous tracking data and no “personal data” is being collected to identify a person or persons.
2.3 All data that is stored is retained indefinitely until the person of interest requests for data to be removed.  All data removal requests may be made by contacting us via email, mail, support, or social media requests.  We provide data removal within a timely period, not to exceed one month from request.
2.4 Some data may not be removed during requests and considered essential for us to retain.  This would include order information from a user which is identifiable personal information.  This data is required by law for us to retain for business, tax, and legal matters and is not deleted from any request made by a person or persons and considered legitimate interest.
3 ACCEPTABLE USE
3.1 In using the Website and making purchases on this website you agree not to and not to cause to:
3.1.2 post, publish, distribute or disseminate material or information that is defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent, threatening, abusive, harassing or unlawful.
3.1.3 post, publish, distribute, or disseminate material or information that incites discrimination, hate or violence towards any person or group on account of their race, religion, disability, nationality or otherwise.
3.1.4 threaten, abuse, disrupt, stalk or otherwise violate the legal rights (including rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
3.1.5 use any information or material in any manner that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary right of any party.
3.1.6 make available or upload files that contain a virus, worm, trojan or corrupt data that may damage the operation of the computer or property of another.
3.1.7 Impersonate any person or entity for the purpose of misleading others.
3.1.8 violate any applicable laws or regulations.
3.1.9 use the Website and associated Services, Solutions and products in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the Website and the Services, Solutions and products made available here or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Website;
3.1.10 post, publish, distribute or disseminate material or information that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information or confidential information disclosed in the course of employment or under a confidentiality agreement);
3.1.11 attempt to gain unauthorized access to any of the Services, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Website through hacking, password mining or any other means.
4 TERMINATION
We have the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Services at any time, without notice, for any reason, including without limitation, breach of these Terms and Conditions.
5 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
10.1 The Website and its content (including without limitation the Website design, text, graphics and all software and source codes connected with the Website and the Services) are protected by copyright, trade marks, patents and other intellectual property rights and laws. None of the content may be downloaded, copied, reproduced, transmitted, stored, sold or distributed without the prior written consent of the copyright holder. This excludes the downloading, copying and/or printing of pages of the Website for personal, non-commercial home use only.
6 INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify and hold On Purpose Leadership Inc. harmless from and against any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions and any claim or demand brought against On Purpose Leadership Inc. by any third party arising out of your use of the Website, Services, Solutions or Products and/or any Content submitted, posted or transmitted through the Services, including without limitation, all claims, actions, proceedings, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, expenses (including reasonable legal costs and expenses) howsoever suffered or incurred by On Purpose Leadership Inc. in consequence of your breach of these Terms and Conditions.
7 DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
7.1 Use of the Website and our Services, Solutions and Products is at your own risk. These are provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind whether express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy.
7.2 To the extent permitted by law, On Purpose Leadership Inc. will not be liable for any indirect or consequential loss or damage whatsoever (including without limitation loss of business, opportunity, data, profits) arising out of or in connection with the use of the Website or our Services, Solutions and Products purchased.
8 SEVERANCE
If any of these Terms and Conditions should be determined to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason by any court of competent jurisdiction then such Term or Condition shall be severed and the remaining Terms and Conditions shall survive and remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
9 TERMS OF PAYMENT
9.1 Upon payment for Services, Solutions and products purchased on this website the said purchase is considered confirmed by the user.  If unsatisfied with the Services, Solutions and Products, On Purpose Leadership Inc. may offer a refund within 14 days from the original purchase.  On Purpose Leadership Inc. reserves the right to refuse a refund for any reason but will make every effort to satisfy the needs of the customer.
9.2 Refunds will not be granted after the 14 days from original purchase.
Recent Posts
Achieving Success In A VUCA² Environment – Webinar Replay
Leadership Essentials, A Multi-Part Series; Today’s Talk On Purpose With Shad Ali.
Today’s Talk On Purpose With Shad Ali (190502) – Strategies For Managing Workplace Conflict
Today’s Talk On Purpose With Shad Ali – 190424. Today’s Topic: Strategies That Enhance Employee Engagement.
Today’s Talk On Purpose with Shad Ali – 190416: We can handle any size what if we have a large enough why
Recent CommentsArchives
April 2020
May 2019
April 2019
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
September 2017
March 2017
February 2017
Categories
Emotional Intelligence
Leadership
Management Excellence
Personal Development
Productivity
Team Excellence
Uncategorized
Get Social with Us
Online Store
Organization Growth
Hiring Top Talent
About Us
Contact Us
Refund Policy
TwitterFacebookVimeo
Scroll to top
White Paper – Big Brothers and Big Sisters
Name (First and Last)*
Organization/Company*
Email*
×