https://onsolution.com.au/policies/
Policies - OnSolution
1300 30 33 34
ABOUT
CONTACT US
FEEDBACK
NEWS
PAYMENTS
0 items - $0.00
Menu
Products search
Free Shippingon orders over $500Free Lifetime Supportfrom the expertsMoney Back GuaranteeNot happy? Send it back!
HOMEABOUTTEMPERATURE LOGGERSClever Logger Wireless LoggingSick of wasting time downloading fridge temperatures?
Introducing Clever Logger from OnSolution
No need to manually download results
Temperatures save automatically to the internet
Get scheduled reports straight to your email inbox
Get instant alerts on your phone if there's a problem
Aussie product with awesome Aussie phone support
Single fridge systems under $300
VISIT CLEVER LOGGERWireless LoggingThe set-and-forget solution
No more checking thermometers. No more retrieving loggers from fridges to read their data. Put one of these wireless logger in your fridge and then Just. Leave. It. There.
It will continuously transmit its data wirelessly to an internet-connected base station. Your fridge's current and historical temperature data is available anytime on any computer or smartphone.
MORE INFORMATIONLogTagLooking for the easiest way to monitor temperature?
LogTag is Australia's most trusted temperature logging system.
Need advice? Call 1300 30 33 34
MORE INFORMATION
ThermochronThe go-anywhere, do-anything temperature logger
Thermochrons are tiny, versatile and tough as nails
These button-sized, stainless steel devices can be placed directly into your testing environment without the need for external probes. There are Thermochron models to measure temperatures from -40°C to +140°C as well as relative humidity.
MORE INFORMATIONMinnowCompact, easy to use loggers
Huge memory - over 50,000 readings
Plugs straight into computer -no separate reader
Replaceable battery with 4 year life
Incredible 0.01°C resolution
Software that runs on Windows and Mac
TEMPERATURE ONLY
TEMPERATURE AND HUMIDITYKeepAlert Air Quality MonitorHow healthy is your workplace?
Do you feel tired all time? Maybe you're not getting enough fresh air.
Our range of portable air quality monitors test CO,
CO2, temperature and humidity in your environment.
MORE INFO200 Unit Bulk Pack of USB Single-Use Food Shipping LoggersNeed to ship temperature sensitive foods?
Single-use shipping loggers
Very competitive bulk pricing
-30°C to 70°C range
60 day memory
MORE INFORMATIONHEALTH & HYGIENEGlitterbug Hand Washing TrainingA lesson they'll never forget!
GlitterBug is a fun and interactive way to teach hand washing training anywhere from schools to hospitals to nursing homes.
With GlitterBug, your students can actually see the areas they are missing.
FIND OUT MOREThe Rotten Food CookbookRecipes guaranteed to get you social media coverage
The Rotten Food Cookbook is a parody cookbook. Each recipe contains a food safety mistake that could lead to food poisoning, along with tips on how to avoid those mistakes in your cooking.
FIND OUT MORE
Contactless Handler KeyKeeps your hands germ free
Minimise your contact with common surfaces by using this handy contactless "key" but pushing buttons and opening doors.
FIND OUT MORESTERILISATION TRACKING
LTrace provides easy barcode management of sterilisation processes for compliance and accreditation.
For hospitals, day surgeries and dental practices.
MORE INFORMATIONSUPPORTCONTACT USDOWNLOADSKNOWLEDGEBASEPOLICIESNEWS
Policies
Returns, warranties, and all that other fine print
Our Happiness Guarantee (and what to do if you're not)
We want you to be more than just satisfied – we want you to be happy. We want to make sure that you have a product that does what you need it to do, and does it incredibly well.All our products are covered by a minimum warranty, but we will generally go beyond it because we think that good products shouldn’t be measured by minimum warranties.Our “one question asked” returns policyI don’t understand a “no questions asked” returns policy. If you are returning something to us I want to know why. I want to know if it has a problem, or if it was the wrong solution for you, or if it wasn’t what you expected. It may even be that you found a better solution later.My reason for asking is simple – I want to improve what we do. That may mean making a different recommendation to someone in the future, or not selling that product for a specific purpose. Or it could be continuing to recommend it to others because it was an issue specific to you.So if you have a product and don’t think it is right then let us know.For faulty goods, please give us the chance to fix or replace it. If it wasn’t quite right, please give us the chance to make a better recommendation.Though it is up to you.“One question asked” returns policy limitationsIf you are buying a number of loggers that are going to be used in extreme environments, we ask that you test a single unit first a couple of times. We are happy to cover one damaged/broken unit but not a dozen.If we have to do a special order for a large quantity of stock (over $1,000), then please make sure that it is the right unit. A restocking fee may apply for non-standard items.Finally, if you have damaged the item, then we would normally try to replace it at cost. We can’t accept damaged items. We don’t care about lost or damaged packaging, but we do care about a physically damaged unit.Minimum warrantyAll items are covered by a one year warranty.This excludes:loggers with batteries where the sampling rate has reduced the battery life to below 1 yearbatteriesloggers heated above 100°C for extended periodsacts of Godabuse, misuse, and abnormal usagefaulty installationimproper maintenanceany alterations or repairs undertaken or attemptedItems must be returned to our Sydney office and we generally do not cover the cost of shipping back to us, but will ship a replacement or repaired unit back to you at our expense.Extended warrantyA one year warranty is pretty lame. Our products should last much longer than that. If your item fails after that then talk to us. In many cases we will cover it for two years without any issue.If you want a formal extended warranty then let us know.Our goal is simple – provide a quality product and stand behind it.
Your Privacy (and how we protect it)
Our privacy policy in plain EnglishOur privacy policy is quite simple…We treat you the way we would like to be treated.We won’t share your details with any other company.We won’t sell our database to others.We won’t allow others to use our database for their marketing purposes.We obviously need to store your details and they are stored in our cloud based accounting package as well as our in-house inventory database. This allows us to keep track of your details for warranty issues, future sales, and just because my accountant likes data.Our privacy policy in micro-detailThis privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context.What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?We collect sufficient information to complete your order, answer your question, and hopefully start an ongoing relationship.When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.When do we collect information?It is fairly obvious when we collect information.We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, respond to a survey, fill out a form, Use Live Chat or enter information on our site, provide us with feedback on our products or services, email us, fax us, or call us.How do we use your information?We use your information to do what you asked us to do, and to start what will hopefully be an ongoing relationship.We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways:To personalise your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.To quickly process your transactions.To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products.To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries).How do we protect your information?We protect your information to the best of our abilities using current best practice for small businesses.Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security issues and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.We use regular malware scanning.Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order, enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.Faxes and emails may be stored electronically or in paper form permanently.Third-party disclosureWhat happens in OnSolution stays in OnSolutionWe do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.Third-party linksWe try to hang around other reputable companies.Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.GoogleGoogle knows everything. I know which pages you go to, but don’t know that it was actually you.Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.We have implemented the following:Remarketing with Google AdSenseWe, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.Opting out: Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.California Online Privacy Protection ActWe don’t have to comply, but choose to, and here is how.While not being a US company, we still recognise that CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States and conceivably the world that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared.According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:Users can visit our site anonymously.Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above.You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes on our Privacy Policy PageYou can change your personal information:By emailing usBy calling usBy chatting with us or by sending us a support ticketHow does our site handle Do Not Track signals?We respect your right to wander through the store undisturbed!We honour Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.Does our site allow third-party behavioural tracking?If we do, it is only for the purpose of knowing what is of interest and what isn’t.It’s also important to note that we allow third-party behavioural trackingCOPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)We are primarily a Business To Business (B2B) company and have no intent in targeting the youth market.We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old. We may create posts or information pages that are relevant to youth. We do not, however, aim to provide information only directed towards youth.Fair Information PracticesIf your data is breached, we will let you know.In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:We will rectify the problem immediately, or close the site until it is rectifiedWe will notify you via email within 7 business days“NO SPAM” PolicyWe hate spam and try to make all correspondence useful.We collect your email address in order to:Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questionsProcess orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.Send you additional information related to your product and/or serviceMarket to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.We also do the following:Individually consider if an email is appropriate to the group we are sending it toIndividually decide if an email/person is appropriate for a group (with the exception of opt-in groups wihich are automated).Clearly identify ourselves and the business.Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.Honour opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.Allow users to unsubscribe by replying to emails with “unsubscribe” as the subject, or according to the requirements of the third party email serviceIf, at any time, you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, simply follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below. sales@onsolution.com.au 17/7 Hoyle Ave, Castle Hll, NSW 2154 Australia 02 9614 6417
Shipping and Deliveries
Our aim is always to get your purchase to you as quickly as possible and as reliably as possible!We know that if you are buying one of our products it is probably because you needed it yesterday. We obviously can’t deliver it to you yesterday so we will do our best to get it to you tomorrow, and in some cases, today.To achieve this, we try to have all items in stock at all times, process orders up until close of business, and use fast and reliable couriers. We then back this up with procedures to keep you informed and to keep an eye on the delivery. Finally, we end it with a call to make sure you have the product and are happy with it.When?All items are typically kept in stock and ship same day for:Local/national orders received before 4pmInternational orders received before 1pmFor orders that cannot ship same day, we will notify you with a target shipping date.Where?The majority of orders will ship from our Sydney office.How?For local and national orders we will use:Australia Post express satchels (typically)Australia PostCouriers including Go, Couriers Please, and TNTFor international orders we will use:DHL (typically)TNTAustralia PostWe will use other means if you specifically request it, and any additional fees will be passed onto you. If we doubt the legitimacy of the shipping company, we reserve the right to politely refuse.ProcessEmail with Tracking NumberOnce packed, we will send you an email confirming the courier and the tracking/reference number.Email on DeliveryWe will check the status of your order with the carrier and send you another email once we believe the item has been delivered. Occasionally, we will have an item delivered to your address but not passed on to you. So if you receive the email but don’t have the goods, please check with your receptionist or storeperson; it should be somewhere. In the unlikely event of it being delivered to the wrong address, we can follow that up.For orders that are running late being delivered, we request that you contact the courier. We can try to follow it up, but are typically fobbed off because the goods are now considered yours.Responsibility and OwnershipOnce the goods are shipped they are your responsibility.By our Terms and Conditions, they remain our property until they are paid for.And that then means shipping is always that grey area of who is responsible. For expensive orders, we request that you take the insurance option so that there is no disagreement as to who is responsible for a lost or damaged shipment.
eCommerce Terms and Conditions
Conditions of Sale(This is the fine print created by the boys in suits. If you are experiencing a problem with one of our products or our service, then please let me know. Our aim is to provide a “wow” customer service experience, even when things aren’t perfect. If you are reading this because you want to know what sort of company we are, then know this – my business grows if you are happy.)PriceAll prices are subject to change without notice and all orders are accepted by OnSolution Pty Ltd on the condition that they will be invoiced at the prices ruling at the date of dispatch. All prices shown in price lists and catalogues are recommended prices only. Distributors may resell the products at any price.Cartage, Taxes and DutiesUnless specifically stated, all prices do not include cartage, taxes and duties. A reasonable additional charge for site delivery and all government charges taxes and duties will be added to the invoice.Risk and Title ReservationGoods sold by OnSolution Pty Ltd to the Customer are at the Customer’s risk on delivery, but title in them does not pass until all money due on every account by the Customer to OnSolution Pty Ltd has been paid.Part DeliveryOnSolution Pty Ltd is entitled to progressive payment for progressive goods deliveries. Where full delivery is not possible, OnSolution Pty Ltd will contact the customer to confirm partial delivery.Stock Returns and CreditsStock made to order, or specially ordered for the Customer is not returnable unless it is faulty.Items purchased from sites offering our “one-question asked” guarantee may return the items for a full refund, minus shipping, within 3 months of receiving the items, up to the value of $1,000 AUS. This guarantee may be extended in duration or value at the discretion of OnSolution.Other undamaged stock in its original condition and packaging may be returned to OnSolution Pty Ltd within 30 days of sale provided that prior written agreement has been obtained. The Customer is not entitled to any credit for returns until an OnSolution Pty Ltd credit note is issued.An optional restocking fee of 25% of the original price may be deducted from a credit note.Duplicate payment refundsWhere a customer has made a duplicate payment, OnSolution may select which payment method will be refunded. A repayment fee of $25 will be deducted from the refund. Any additional finance fees incurred by OnSolution will also be deducted from the refund.Compensation by OnSolution Pty LtdIf OnSolution Pty Ltd does not meet its obligations, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, compensation by it is limited at its option to: Repairing the faulty goods, or Refunding their purchase price.WarrantyA twelve-month warranty applies to the majority of products. Faulty goods may be returned to OnSolution Pty Ltd for repair. They will be repaired at no charge provided that they are in the warranty period. This warranty does not cover Acts of God, dead batteries, abuse, misuse, abnormal usage, faulty installation, improper maintenance or any alterations or repairs undertaken or attempted other than by OnSolution Pty Ltd or its authorised agents. OnSolution Pty Ltd’s obligation under this warranty is limited to the repair or replacement of defective parts and it will not be liable for loss of time, inconvenience, recertification or any other damage, consequential or otherwise.SeveranceIf any part of these clauses is unenforceable, all other provisions remain intact.WaverIf OnSolution Pty Ltd fails to enforce its rights from time to time; it is not prevented from insisting on strict performance at a later time.LiabilityOnSolution Pty Ltd shall not incur any financial penalty due to delays in completion of the work within the time offered for completion as a result of non-availability of components. The goods supplied by OnSolution Pty Ltd are designed to reduce the risks of loss and/or injury to persons to the extent that is reasonably practical by use of its products. OnSolution Pty Ltd shall not be liable in the event of any particular loss, damage or injury due to malfunction or misuse of such equipment.OnSolution Pty Ltd products are not authorised for use in, or in connection with Surgical implants, or as critical components in any medical, or aircraft, or other transportation devices or systems where failure to perform can reasonably be expected to cause significant injury to the user. Such use is at the buyer’s sole risk, and buyer is responsible for verification and validation of the suitability of products incorporated in any such devices or systems. The buyer agrees that OnSolution Pty Ltd is not liable, in whole or in part, for any claim or damage arising from such use and shall have no obligation to warranty such products. The buyer agrees to indemnify, defend and hold OnSolution Pty Ltd harmless from and against any and all claims, damages losses, costs, expenses and liabilities arising out of or in connection with the buyer’s use of OnSolution Pty Ltd products in such applications.CopyrightThe Customer may use OnSolution Pty Ltd’s plans, drawings and specifications within the limits of written OnSolution Pty Ltd’s authority; copyright is otherwise reserved to OnSolution Pty Ltd.Credit FacilitiesIf a credit arrangement has been offered to a customer, full payment must be made within the agreed upon days after delivery of the goods. Unless specifically agreed to in writing, a default of 14 days credit will be provided to customers. OnSolution Pty Ltd may at any time deny credit, or refuse to complete orders.Default in PaymentInterest is payable on overdue amounts from the dates they were each first incurred in accordance with Section 58 of Supreme Court Act 1986.
Anything we missed?
We are a small company who cares about our customers. If you have an issue, pick up the phone and call us and we will do our utmost to sort it out.
ProductsClever Logger
Glitterbug
Thermochron
LogTag
Wireless Temperature Logger
Minnow
PagesAbout
Downloads
Blog
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Returns and Refunds
Shipping and Deliveries
Contact Us
Tell us Your Story
Payments
Recent Articles
The Ultimate COVID-19 Checklist for Cafes and Restaurants!
The Ultimate COVID-19 Checklist for Schools and Centers!
The Ultimate COVID-19 Checklist For GPs and Clinics!
Creating the “Ultimate COVID-19 Checklists”
In hindsight, how was 2019?
OnSolution Pty Ltd ABN 36 093 811 271
p: 1300 30 33 34
f: +61 2 9614 6891
PO Box 1007,
Baulkham Hills,
NSW 2153, Australia.
OnSolution
Home PageTemperature Loggers
Wireless Temperature LoggersLogTagThermochronsMinnowKeepAlert Back
Health & Hygiene
Glitterbug Hand Washing TrainingThe Rotten Food Cookbook – Printed Back
Support
Contact UsDownloadsKnowledgebasePolicies
Terms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicyReturns and Refunds Back
Back
News