https://onsolution.com.au/privacy/
Privacy Policy - OnSolution
1300 30 33 34
ABOUT
CONTACT US
FEEDBACK
NEWS
PAYMENTS
0 items - $0.00
Menu
Products search
Free Shippingon orders over $500Free Lifetime Supportfrom the expertsMoney Back GuaranteeNot happy? Send it back!
HOMEABOUTTEMPERATURE LOGGERSClever Logger Wireless LoggingSick of wasting time downloading fridge temperatures?
Introducing Clever Logger from OnSolution
No need to manually download results
Temperatures save automatically to the internet
Get scheduled reports straight to your email inbox
Get instant alerts on your phone if there's a problem
Aussie product with awesome Aussie phone support
Single fridge systems under $300
VISIT CLEVER LOGGERWireless LoggingThe set-and-forget solution
No more checking thermometers. No more retrieving loggers from fridges to read their data. Put one of these wireless logger in your fridge and then Just. Leave. It. There.
It will continuously transmit its data wirelessly to an internet-connected base station. Your fridge's current and historical temperature data is available anytime on any computer or smartphone.
MORE INFORMATIONLogTagLooking for the easiest way to monitor temperature?
LogTag is Australia's most trusted temperature logging system.
Need advice? Call 1300 30 33 34
MORE INFORMATION
ThermochronThe go-anywhere, do-anything temperature logger
Thermochrons are tiny, versatile and tough as nails
These button-sized, stainless steel devices can be placed directly into your testing environment without the need for external probes. There are Thermochron models to measure temperatures from -40°C to +140°C as well as relative humidity.
MORE INFORMATIONMinnowCompact, easy to use loggers
Huge memory - over 50,000 readings
Plugs straight into computer -no separate reader
Replaceable battery with 4 year life
Incredible 0.01°C resolution
Software that runs on Windows and Mac
TEMPERATURE ONLY
TEMPERATURE AND HUMIDITYKeepAlert Air Quality MonitorHow healthy is your workplace?
Do you feel tired all time? Maybe you're not getting enough fresh air.
Our range of portable air quality monitors test CO,
CO2, temperature and humidity in your environment.
MORE INFO200 Unit Bulk Pack of USB Single-Use Food Shipping LoggersNeed to ship temperature sensitive foods?
Single-use shipping loggers
Very competitive bulk pricing
-30°C to 70°C range
60 day memory
MORE INFORMATIONHEALTH & HYGIENEGlitterbug Hand Washing TrainingA lesson they'll never forget!
GlitterBug is a fun and interactive way to teach hand washing training anywhere from schools to hospitals to nursing homes.
With GlitterBug, your students can actually see the areas they are missing.
FIND OUT MOREThe Rotten Food CookbookRecipes guaranteed to get you social media coverage
The Rotten Food Cookbook is a parody cookbook. Each recipe contains a food safety mistake that could lead to food poisoning, along with tips on how to avoid those mistakes in your cooking.
FIND OUT MORE
Contactless Handler KeyKeeps your hands germ free
Minimise your contact with common surfaces by using this handy contactless "key" but pushing buttons and opening doors.
FIND OUT MORESTERILISATION TRACKING
LTrace provides easy barcode management of sterilisation processes for compliance and accreditation.
For hospitals, day surgeries and dental practices.
MORE INFORMATIONSUPPORTCONTACT USDOWNLOADSKNOWLEDGEBASEPOLICIESNEWS
Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy in plain English
Our privacy policy is quite simple:
we treat you the way we would like to be treated.
We won't share your details with any other company. We won't sell our database to others. We won't allow others to use our database for their marketing purposes. We obviously need to store your details and they are stored in our cloud based accounting package as well as our in-house inventory databsae. This allows us to keep track of your details for warranty issues, future sales, and just because my accountant likes data.
Our privacy policy in micro-detail
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
We collect sufficient information to complete your order, answer your question, and hopefully start an ongoing relationship.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
It is fairly obvious when we collect information.
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, respond to a survey, fill out a form, use Live Chat or enter information on our site, provide us with feedback on our products or services, email us, fax us, or call us.
How do we use your information?
We use your information to do what you asked us to do, and to start what will hopefully be an ongoing relationship.
We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products.
To follow up with you after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries).
How do we protect your information?
We protect your information to the best of our abilities using current best practice for small businesses.
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security issues and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Faxes and emails may be stored electronically or in paper form permanently.
Third-party disclosure
What happens in OnSolution stays in OnSolution
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
Third-party links
I try to hang around other reputable companies.
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google knows everything. I know which pages you go to, but don't know that it was actually you.
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Remarketing with Google AdSense
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out: Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
We don't have to comply, but choose to, and here is how.
While not being a US company, we still recognise that CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States and conceivably the world that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared.
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page
You can change your personal information:
By emailing us
By calling us
By chatting with us or by sending us a support ticket
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We respect your right to wander through the store undisturbed!
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
If we do, it is only for the purpose of knowing what is of interest and what isn't.
It's also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
We are primarily a Business To Business (B2B) company and have no intent in targetting the youth market.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old. We may create posts or information pages that are relevant to youth. We do not, however, aim to provide information only directed towards youth.
Fair Information Practices
If your data is breached, we will let you know.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will rectify the problem immediately, or close the site until it is rectified
We will notify you via email within 7 business days
"NO SPAM" Policy
We hate spam and try to make all correspondence useful.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
Send you additional information related to your product and/or service
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
We also do the following:
Individually consider if an email is appropriate to the group we are sending it to
Individually decide if an email/person is appropriate for a group (with the exception of opt-in groups wihich are automated).
Clearly identify ourselves and the business.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by replying to emails with "unsubscribe" as the subject, or according to the re3quirements of the third party email service
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, simply follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
onsolution.com.au
38/5 Anella Ave,
Castle Hll, NSW 2154
Australia
02 9614 6417
ProductsClever Logger
Glitterbug
Thermochron
LogTag
Wireless Temperature Logger
Minnow
PagesAbout
Downloads
Blog
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Returns and Refunds
Shipping and Deliveries
Contact Us
Tell us Your Story
Payments
Recent Articles
The Ultimate COVID-19 Checklist for Cafes and Restaurants!
The Ultimate COVID-19 Checklist for Schools and Centers!
The Ultimate COVID-19 Checklist For GPs and Clinics!
Creating the “Ultimate COVID-19 Checklists”
In hindsight, how was 2019?
OnSolution Pty Ltd ABN 36 093 811 271
p: 1300 30 33 34
f: +61 2 9614 6891
PO Box 1007,
Baulkham Hills,
NSW 2153, Australia.
OnSolution
Home PageTemperature Loggers
Wireless Temperature LoggersLogTagThermochronsMinnowKeepAlert Back
Health & Hygiene
Glitterbug Hand Washing TrainingThe Rotten Food Cookbook – Printed Back
Support
Contact UsDownloadsKnowledgebasePolicies
Terms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicyReturns and Refunds Back
Back
News