https://opentuition.com/privacy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarIssues with the ACCA remote exams >>
& Official ACCA response >>LatestACCAAsk ACCA TutorOBUCIMAAsk CIMA TutorFIABuy/SellQualifiedForum RulesWho we areOur website address is: https://opentuition.com.What personal data we collect and why we collect it:ProfileIf you register on our website, then we store the information that you choose to provide, which is limited to your username, your email address, your location, and the qualification that you are studying for.CommentsWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.MediaIf you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.CookiesIf you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an post, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.We use tracking software to monitor site usage to help us develop the website and the study material that we offer. This software does not enable us to capture any personal information.Learn more about cookies >>Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.Who we share your data with:We do not share your data with anyone, unless required to do so for legal reasons.How long we retain your data:If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.What rights you have over your data:If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.Where we send your data:Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.Security of your personal data:We follow strict security procedures in the storage of your personal data, and to protect it against accidental loss, destruction or damage.Advertisements:The advertising on our website is provided by third parties. If you choose to interact with any such advertising then the advertiser may provide you with targeted advertising based upon your interests. If you click on or tap on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.Contact information:If you have any questions or concerns about any of the information in this Policy, or any other issues, you may contact us at: admin@opentuition.comPrimary SidebarDonateDonateIf you have benefited from our materials please donateDonate nowYou can also “donate your time” and help out other students on the Students Forums