https://opexresources.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions - OPEX Resources
Skip to content
twitterlinkedinEmail
Sign up for our newsletter
Search for:
HomeProductsLean Six Sigma & Minitab bookCustomised booksOPEX Minitab menuResourcesData files & downloadsAcademic UseDMAIC Structure SlidesArticlesVideosLinkedIn GroupNewsContactShop
Terms and ConditionsDavid Haggett2019-10-08T14:36:36+00:00
Privacy Policy, Terms and ConditionsIn this document, the term ‘OPEX Resources’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website (the Site) and the business itself, OPEX Resources Ltd, whose registered office is 8 Southgate Street, Winchester, Hampshire, SO23 9EF, United Kingdom. Our company is registered in England and Wales, Number 7184630.  The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website and/or our business customer.
By continuing to browse and use this website, or place orders with us, you are accepting and agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following Privacy Policy, Terms and Conditions, which govern OPEX Resources’ relationship with you in relation to this website. Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Scotland and Wales.
1. Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy sets out how OPEX Resources uses and protects any information that you give OPEX Resources when you use this website. OPEX Resources is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy. OPEX Resources may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 18th May 2018.
1.1      What we collect.
We may collect the following personal information; Name, email address, location, organisation, telephone number, billing address, delivery address, credit card payment details.
1.2       How we collect it.
We collect personal information directly when you provide it to us, automatically as you navigate through our Site, or through other people when you use services associated with the Site.
We collect your personal information when you provide it to us when you buy items or services on our Site, subscribe to a newsletter, email list, submit feedback, fill out a survey, or send us a communication.
1.3      What we do with the information we gather.
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
For Internal record keeping.
Where it is necessary for purposes which are in our, or third parties, legitimate interests, including the operation of our Site, the provision of advice, services and the fulfilment of orders.
Where you give us consent, to periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address you provide.
For purposes which are required by law.
1.4      Security.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
1.5      Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
1.6      Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
if you have previously agreed to us using your email address for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@opexresources.com or by using the unsubscribe function on one of our emails to you.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting, but we shall never disclose your email address to those third parties.
You may request details of any personal information which we hold about you by contacting us at info@opexresources.com
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
2. Terms and Conditions2.1      Use of this website
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material and downloads that are owned by us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited without our express, written permission.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
2.2      Delivery Policy
We will despatch all orders within 2 working days but typically the same day, and your order should then be delivered within the following timescales:
Within the UK, small orders (<6) will arrive within 3 working days and larger orders will be delivered next day.
Within Europe, small orders (<6) will arrive within 6 working days and larger orders within 4 days.
Within USA and Canada, small orders (<6) will arrive within 8 working days and larger orders within 3 days.
For the rest of the world, small orders (<6) your order should arrive within 10 working days and larger orders within 6 working days.
Fulfilment of the contract is deemed to be when the goods leave our facility.
2.3      Returns Policy
We guarantee that if for any reason you are unhappy with your purchase, you can return it to us in its original condition within 30 days, and we will issue a full refund for the price you paid for the item(s). The cost of returning the product will be paid by you (the purchaser).
2.4      Shipping and Handling, Incoterms, Duties and Taxes
The cost of delivery is included in the total order price. The value of which will depend on your delivery location. If a delivery that requires a signature is not signed for and is returned to us, or if the supplied address is incorrect, the customer will be liable for any additional shipping costs.
Our terms of delivery are based upon the Delivery At Place (DAP) Incoterms.  This means that we are responsible for the delivery of the products to the delivery address provided by you.  Risk and responsibility for the products passes to you at the point of delivery.
We are responsible for all export documentation and formalities, but please note that you (the Buyer) are responsible for the customs clearance of the products into the country of your specified delivery address including all customs duties and taxes.  We will complete and provide Commercial Invoices for customs purposes, in order to facilitate the delivery, but you may be required to provide further information to the relevant authorities and/or to pay customs import duties and taxes.
2.5      Online Payment
For transaction security you will be directed to a secure ordering server at the point of entering your personal data.
Your credit card will be billed immediately after purchase.
Your credit card will be billed as OPEX Resources Ltd.
We (OPEX Resources Ltd) use SagePay to process payments.
2.6      Credit
All Invoice and Purchase Orders are Payment in Advance, unless we grant you credit.  We reserve the right to refuse or withdraw credit at any time, at our sole discretion.   Where we grant credit, you agree that:
All goods shall remain the property of us (OPEX Resources Ltd) until paid for in full.
We reserve the right to charge a late payment penalty of 10% of the invoice value, if payment is made after the expiry of the payment terms.
Unless agreed otherwise in advance, our standard payment terms are 30 days from date of invoice.
2.7      Help and further information
For enquiries, delivery information, refunds, returns and/or exchange of goods, please contact OPEX Resources Limited directly at orders@opexresources.com or telephone +44 (0)345 388 5835.
Quick LinksCustomised books
Data files & downloads
OPEX Minitab menu
Testimonals
It’s an excellent reference book – I wish I knew about it years ago!
Gilles Bélanger, Canada
Well organised and easy to understand. I always have this handy for quick reference.
Rodney Graham, Tustin, USA
It’s refreshing to see a book aimed for those actually using the tools and techniques of Six Sigma.
Six Sigma Today Magazine
A must have reference for anyone that uses Minitab. Buy this before you attend your Black Belt or Green Belt course.
Stephen Morley, USA
In my opinion the most useful Lean Six Sigma book on the market.
P C Rudge, UK
Excellent resource for Lean Six Sigma training. I have been using various versions of this book for the past 10 years.
Will Cox, USA
Widely referenced by my colleagues and I for Six Sigma. Aligns with Minitab. We’re buying more copies!
Conor Brady, UK
Not only useful for SS practitioners but also for anyone involved in quality management, as well as for academic students.
TQM Magazine
This book is an extremely valuable resource. I highly recommend this book!
Adam Harding, USA
This is a great guide, easy to use for a beginner or someone who has more experience. Worth the investment.
Dawn Pine, UK
Excellent book for both gaining LSS knowledge and as a reference text.
Jeffrey McDaniels, USA
This is a great resource – I was swayed by the positive feedback from other readers, and I wasn’t disappointed.
J Stevenson, UK
Exactly the kind of quick reference guide needed to make Minitab work even better!
Robert A Brown, USA
This is a fantastic book that is easy to use. It presents the statistics in Six Sigma in a easy to understand layout.
Caroline, UK
OPEX Resources
Contact
About us
Our partners
Sign up for our newsletters
×Signup for our newsletter and get our latest articles, updates and offers.
Your First Name: (required)
Your Last Name: (required)
Your email: (required)
Organisation name:
Your Country:
You are subscribing to our email newsletters.
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of the emails or by emailing us at info@opexresources.com.
Please check here to confirm you accept our Privacy Policy/Terms & Conditions.
×
© Copyright 2010 - 2019 OPEX Resources Ltd.
| Privacy, terms and conditions
twitterlinkedinEmail