https://opia.com/legal-notice/
Terms of website usePlease read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using this site.
These terms tell you the rules for using our website www.opia.com (our site). By using our site you accept and agree to abide by all polices in conjunction with these terms and conditions. These terms apply to all users and visitors of our site.
We amend these terms from time to time. Every time you wish to use our site, please check these terms to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time.
Who we are
www.opia.com is a site operated by Opia Limited (“We”). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 06021170 and have our registered office at Priory House Pilgrims Court Sydenham Road Guildford GU1 3RX.
By using our site you accept these terms.
By using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them. These terms relate to the Privacy and Cookie Policy which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us and the information about the cookies on our site.
We may make changes to our site
We may update and change our site from time to time to reflect changes to our products, our users’ needs and our business priorities.
We may suspend or withdraw our site
Our site is made available free of charge. We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our site for business and operational reasons.
How you may use material on our site
You may only use our site for lawful purposes. You agree not to interfere, damage or disrupt our site.
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors. If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Do not reply on information on this site
The content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up to date.
We are not responsible for websites we link to
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
We are not responsible for viruses and you must not introduce them
We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software.
Rules about linking to our site
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you.
Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
Which country’s laws apply to any disputes?
If you are a consumer, please note that these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction.
If you are a business, these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site. To find out more read our privacy policy.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree