https://optisure.com/privacy
(833) 444-OPTI
info@optisure.com
Facebook
LinkedIn
Facebook
LinkedIn
COVID-19
Blog
Pay a Bill
Get a Quote
Home & Auto
Life Insurance
Unmanned Aerial System (UAS)
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: September 15, 2016
We at Optisure Risk Partners, LLC, Optisure Risk Holdings, Inc. and their affiliates, subsidiaries, and related companies (collectively, “Optisure”, “we”, “us” and/or “our”) respect your concerns about privacy and value the relationship we have with you. This privacy policy describes how we collect, use, share and protect information obtained from you via this website (the “Site”).
Information We Collect
Personal Information. You may visit our Site without disclosing any personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”). However, you may also choose to provide certain Personal Information, such as your name, address, telephone number and/or email address on this Site. We use Personal Information provided to us through this Site for the purpose for which it is provided, such as, for example, to process your request to register for an event. We may also use your Personal Information to provide you with information we think may be of interest to you. This information may include details about our legal services, publications we offer and/or events that we sponsor. Some events offered by Optisure may be co-sponsored by Optisure and another company and/or organization. If you register for a co-sponsored event, the co-sponsor’s treatment of your information will be governed by its own privacy policy, for which we cannot be responsible.
Each of our marketing emails includes an automated way for you to opt out (unsubscribe) from that particular communication or from all marketing emails sent by us. To opt out, please follow the instructions on the e-mail you receive.
Please note that if you reply to a Optisure address in one of our marketing emails, the communication you send to us will not create a client relationship. Please do not send us any information that you or anyone else considers to be confidential or secret unless we have first agreed to be your legal representatives in that matter. Any information you send us before we agree to provide you with legal representation cannot be protected from disclosure.
Non-Personal Information. We may collect certain aggregate and non-personal information when you visit the Site. Aggregate and non-personal information does not relate to a single, identifiable visitor. It tells us such things as how many users visited our Site and the pages of the Site that were accessed. By collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor our Site to the needs of our visitors.
Information We Share
We share Personal Information between our offices so that information submitted to one office may be accessed, stored or processed by another office in any other location where we have offices, including countries outside the European Economic Area which may not have privacy (data protection) legislation and regulation comparable to the country in which you reside.
We do not sell, rent, trade or otherwise disclose Personal Information concerning visitors to the Site, except as described herein. We may share Personal Information provided by our website visitors with third parties we have retained to perform services on our behalf. In addition, we may disclose Personal Information about you if we are required to do so by law or pursuant to legal process, in order to respond to a request from law enforcement authorities or other government officials, and/or when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity. We also reserve the right to transfer any Personal Information we have about you in the event that we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets.
Security
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration or destruction of the Personal Information you provide to the Site. However, no security system can be completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the complete security of your Personal Information. Please exercise caution when determining what Personal Information you disclose via the Site.
Links to Third-Party Websites
This Site may contain links to external websites operated by third parties. Please be aware that these third-party websites are governed only by their own privacy policies. We cannot be responsible for these policies.
Email Monitoring
While every employee of Optisure has a unique firm provided email address, email which you send to us or which we send to you may be monitored by Optisure to ensure compliance with professional standards and our internal compliance policies. Monitoring is not continuous or routine, but may be undertaken where there are reasonable grounds for doing so.
Your Rights
You are entitled to request details of the Personal Information we have about you and to have it rectified or deleted as required by applicable data protection legislation. All such requests must be made in writing using the contact details specified below. We reserve the right to make a small charge to meet our costs in providing you with details of the Personal Information we have about you where that is permitted by local law.
Updates to This Privacy Policy
We may update or change this Privacy Policy from time to time and without prior notice to you. Please review the Privacy Policy each time you use the Site. By your continued use of the Site, you implicitly consent to the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us by emailing to or writing to Peter Milnes at Optisure Risk Partners, LLC, 40 Stark Street, Manchester, NH 03101.  pmilnes@optisure.com
Use of this site means you have read and accepted the Privacy Policy Read MoreACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.