https://opti-lube.com/policies.html
Home
Privacy Policies
Privacy Policies
Privacy
Opti-Lube respects our customer's privacy. All phone numbers, fax numbers, email addresses, and other contact information is used solely for the purpose of successful ordering and shipping of Opti-Lube products. We will never release or sell your information to any company or organization.
Web site visitors: In common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor's IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit. Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website. Where registration is required, the visitor's email and a username will be stored on the server.
How the Information is used: The information is used to enhance the visitor's experience when using the website to display personalized content and possibly advertising. E-mail addresses will not be sold, rented or leased to 3rd parties. E-mail may be sent to inform you of news of our services or offers by us or our affiliates.
Visitor Options: If you have subscribed to one of our services, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions which are included in e-mail that you receive. You may be able to block cookies via your browser settings but this may prevent you from access to certain features of the website.
Cookies: Cookies are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser that allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting the website. Also they may be used to track your return visits to the website. 3rd party advertising companies may also use cookies for tracking purposes.
Security
Form Submission security: When you submit a form on this website a secure server is used. We use industry standard data encryption for transmission of any personal information including credit card details you provide online. Known as TLS (Transport Layer Security) protocol, you can check this is active by looking for the padlock symbol on many browsers. TLS allows a secure connection between your web browser and our web server, using a private (or secret) key to encrypt the information. Only those pages of our site that capture customer data are encrypted. Since it is not necessary to encrypt every page (and if we did it could slow down our website) we only encrypt website pages that transmit sensitive customer information to our web server.
Ecommerce Security: We use PCI Compliant third party payment gateways (PayPal, Amazon Pay, Google Pay, Apple Pay) to process credit cards online. We do not store your credit card details online. All credit card transactions are processed online in real time and protected by industry established security standards. When you purchase products via our website, a secure server is used. We use industry standard data encryption - TLS (Transport Layer Security) - protocol for transmission of any personal information including credit card details you provide online.You can check this is active by looking for the padlock symbol on many browsers or by checking that the first part of the page url starts with https. TLS allows a secure connection between your web browser and our web server, using a private (or secret) key to encrypt the information. This encryption provides greater consumer protection than many forms of offline credit card payments.
×
OK