https://optimalmonitoring.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
1.       Introduction
1.1    We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and service users.
1.2    This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
1.3    We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website.
1.4    Our website incorporates privacy controls which affect how we will process your personal data. By using the privacy controls, you can specify whether you would like to receive direct marketing communications and limit the publication of your information. You can be removed from this list at any time by emailing mailto://remove@optimalmonitoring.com from the registered email address.
1.5    In this policy, “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Optimal Monitoring Ltd.
2.       Credit
2.1    This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (https://seqlegal.com).
3.       How we use your personal data
3.1    In this Section 3 we have set out:
(a)    the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b)    the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(c)    the legal bases of the processing.
3.2    We may process data about your use of our website and services (“usage data“). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
3.3    We may process information that you post for publication on our website or through our services (“publication data“). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
3.4    We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services (“enquiry data“). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
3.5    We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters (“notification data“). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
3.6    We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
3.7    We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
3.8    In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 3, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
3.9    Please do not supply any other person’s personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
4.       Providing your personal data to others
4.1    We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
4.2    We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
4.3    We may disclose your enquiry data to one or more of those selected third-party suppliers of goods and services identified on our website for the purpose of enabling them to contact you so that they can offer, market and sell to you relevant goods and/or services. Each such third party will act as a data controller in relation to the enquiry data that we supply to it; and upon contacting you, each such third party will supply to you a copy of its own privacy policy, which will govern that third party’s use of your personal data.
4.4    In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 4, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
5.       International transfers of your personal data
5.1    In this Section 5, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
5.2    You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
6.       Retaining and deleting personal data
6.1    This Section 6 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
6.2    Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
6.3    We will retain your personal data as follows:
(a)    Name, email address, telephone number, Company Name, enquiry, date of provision will be retained for a minimum period of 1 year following the date of provision, and for a maximum period of 3 years following the date of provision.
6.4    Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
7.       Amendments
7.1    We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
7.2    You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
8.       Your rights
8.1    You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you; provision of such information will be subject to:
(a)    the payment of a fee (currently fixed at GBP 10); and
(b)    the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity [(for this purpose, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a solicitor or bank plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address)].
8.2    We may withhold personal information that you request to the extent permitted by law.
8.3    You may instruct us at any time not to process your personal information for marketing purposes.
8.4    In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
9.       About cookies
9.1    A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
9.2    Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
9.3    Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
10.    Cookies that we use
10.1  We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a)    analysis – we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services (cookies used for this purpose are: Google Analytics, Facebook Pixel and Linked-in insight tag); and
11.    Cookies used by our service providers
11.1  Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
11.2  We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
11.3  We use Facebook pixel to analyse the use of our website. Facebook pixel gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Facebooks privacy policy is available at: https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/.
11.4  We use LinkedIn insight tag to analyse the use of our website. LinkedIn insight tag gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Facebooks privacy policy is available at: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.
12.    Managing cookies
12.1  Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a)    https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
(b)    https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
(c)    http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
(d)    https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
(e)    https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and
(f)    https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
12.2  Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
12.3  If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
13.    Our details
13.1  This website is owned and operated by Optimal Monitoring Ltd.
13.2  We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 03788490, and our registered office is at 1st Floor, 7-10 Chandos Street, London, W1G 9DQ.
13.3  Our principal place of business is at Prospect House, Crendon Street, High Wycombe, HP13 6LA England.
13.4  You can contact us:
(a)    by post, to the postal principal business address shown above.
(b)    using our website contact form;
(c)    by email, using the email address published on our website from time to time.
14.    Data protection officer
14.1  Our data protection officer’s contact details are: Simon Bottomley. Prospect House, Crendon Street, High Wycombe, HP13 6LA England. Email info@optimalmonitoring.com
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Your Contact number (required)
Tell me about (required)
---EMMA AIthe risk free pilotwhat you are up to (mail list)the empty building offercareersgeneral Energy Management
Your Message
Search for:
Recent News
New Normal isn’t coming -it’s here, now
Accelerate Digitilisation
Embrace Sustainability
Optimal Monitoring are specialists in the design, creation and delivery of Energy Monitoring, Analytics and Reporting Software. With over twenty years of industry experience, UK based Optimal Monitoring enables organisations to make smarter decisions about utilities, energy consumption and the impact on corporate social responsibilities.
T: +44(0)1494 435 106
E: info@optimalmonitoring.com
About UsAbout Optimal Monitoring
Contact Us
Case Studies
Careers
Accreditations and Awards
Energy Monitoring Products
Energy Management Platform Login
LegalTerms and Conditions of Service
Privacy Policy
End User Licence Agreement
Useful contacts
News