https://orckid.com/privacy-policy/
T: 01784 426 999
E: hello@orckid.com
Products
Process
Case studies
Blog
About
Contact
Social
LinkedIn
Facebook
Instagram
Legal
Privacy
Directions
Staines-Upon-Thames
Farringdon
We are ORCKID, your creative engine
Privacy, Cookies & Legal Disclaimer
ORCKID understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used and shared online.
We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits this website, ORCKID.com. We do not collect personal data about you unless you contact us. Any personal data we do collect will only be used as permitted by law.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of Our Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of Our Site. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using Our Site immediately.
Definitions and Interpretation
In this Policy, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
data”: means any and all data that relates to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified from that data. In this case, it means personal data that you give to Us via Our Site. This definition shall, where applicable, incorporate the definitions provided in the Data Protection Act 1998 OR EU Regulation 2016/679 – the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”); and“We/Us/Our”: means ORCKID, a limited company registered in England under company number 2234363, whose registered address is The Old Station, Moor Lane, Staines-upon-Thames, TW18 4BB, and whose main trading address is the same.
What Does This Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of Our Site. Our Site may contain links to other websites. Please note that We have no control over how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites and We advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
Your Rights
As a data subject, you have the following rights under the GDPR, which this Policy and Our use of personal data have been designed to uphold:
The right to be informed about Our collection and use of personal dataThe right of access to the personal data we hold about youThe right to rectification if any personal data We hold about you is inaccurate or incompleteThe right to be forgotten – i.e. the right to ask Us to delete any personal data We hold about you (We only hold your personal data for a limited time, however if you would like Us to delete it sooner, please contact UsThe right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal dataThe right to data portability (obtaining a copy of your personal data to re-use with another service or organisation);The right to object to Us using your personal data for particular purposesRights with respect to automated decision making and profiling.
What Data Do We Collect?
Subject to section 5.2, We do not collect any personal data from you.If you send Us an email, We may collect your name, your email address, and any other information which you choose to give UsCookies (Google Analytics) When someone visits www.orckid.com we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. We collect only anonymous, aggregate statistics. For example, we do not tie a specific visit to a specific IP address. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. We also provide our visitors the option to opt out should they wish to do so.
How Do We Use Your Data?
We do collect any personal data, it will be processed and stored securely, for no longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. We will comply with Our obligations and safeguard your rights under the Data Protection Act 1998 OR GDPR at all times.As noted above, We do not generally collect any personal data. If you contact Us and We obtain your personal details from your email, We may use them as follow up your enquiry.You have the right to withdraw your consent to Us using your personal data at any time, and to request that We delete it.We will not share any of your data with any third parties for any purposes.
How and Where Do We Store Your Data?
We only keep your personal data for as long as We need to in order to use it as described above, and/or for as long as We have your permission to keep it.Your data will only be stored in the UK.Some or all of your data may be stored outside of the European Economic Area (“the EEA”) (The EEA consists of all EU member states, plus Norway, Iceland, and Liechtenstein). If We do store data outside the EEA (this may be the case, for example, if Our email server is located in a country outside the EEA), We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated as safely and securely as it would be within the UK and under the Data Protection Act 1998 OR GDPR.Data security is very important to Us, and to protect your data We have taken suitable measures to safeguard and secure any data We hold about you (even if it is only your email address).
How Can You Access Your Data?
You have the right to ask for a copy of any of your personal data held by Us (where such data is held). Please contact Us for more details at enquiries@orckid.com.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about Our Site or this Privacy Policy, please contact Us by email at enquiries@orckid.com, by telephone on 01784 676 639, or by post at The Old Station, Moor Lane, Staines-upon-Thames, TW18 4BB. Please ensure that your query is clear, particularly if it is a request for information about the data We hold about you.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time (for example, if the law changes). Any changes will be immediately posted on Our Site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of Our Site following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.