http://oregonswildharvest.com/policies/privacy-policy
SHOP FRESH DEALSON SALETop SellersSubscribe & SaveProduct TypeCapsulesLiquid Herbal ExtractsBiodynamic Herbal TonicsAlcohol-Free GlyceritesBulk HerbsALL PRODUCTSBY HEALTH CONCERNImmune SupportStress and AdrenalsSleep and RelaxationEnergyMoodRespiratoryDigestive SupportJoints and Mild PainMemory SupportLiver SupportSEARCH A TO ZChildren's HealthWomen's HealthMen's HealthCUSTOMER SERVICEMy AccountMy WishlistFAQShipping & ReturnsSubscribe & SaveNew Items!Lemon Balm 180ct., Organic CapsulesSaw Palmetto 180ct., Organic CapsulesLion's Mane 90ct., Organic CapsulesOUR STORY WHAT GROUNDS USPeople & PlanetOur RootsWhole Plant PhilosophyGiving BackReducing Our ImpactFARMING PRACTICESRegenerative AgricultureBiodynamic FarmingCertified OrganicSeed SavingSEED TO BOTTLEHands-On ApproachSourcingR&DQUALITY CONTROLTesting & StandardsPurityPotencyIdentityLEARNLatest NewsFAQAsk Dr. Meletis, N.D.ResearchOn the FarmVideosHerbs 101Herbal DIYEmployee SpotlightAwardsINQUIRIESCustomer ServiceWhere To BuyShipping & ReturnsWork With UsWholesaleLooking Out for Our CommunityCustomer Service
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
FREE
SHIPPING ON ORDERS $50+
(800) 316-6869WHERE TO BUY
Privacy policy
Naturally transparent, to our roots
Privacy Notice
Overview
We believe in secure and transparent data practices.
Oregon's Wild Harvest believes in a natural and holistic approach to life and business.  Our mission is to make our products available online, directly to retail customers across the United States, and in stores throughout the country through select wholesale partnerships.
We go to great lengths to ensure the quality and purity of our products.  In the fields, that means certified organic and Biodynamic® farming with total control from seed to bottle.  In the labs, that means adherence to rigorous testing practices and standards to ensure the purity and potency is accurately described on the label. And with our data handling practices, that means delivering information that you are interested in, complying with laws applicable to our business, and respecting the information you share with us by keeping it secure and confidential. This Privacy Notice addresses the lifecycle of your information: how we collect, use, store, disclose, and delete information we hold.
When you visit our website, contact our customer service team, or provide information about your use of our natural products, we will receive information about you.  The Privacy Notice below provides more detail about how we gather information, how we use it, and how we support your rights to your data.  This is just an overview; the full text of our Privacy Notice provides more detail and we strongly suggest you read it.
We collect personal information:
·         When you provide it on our website or to our customer service team
·         From third-parties, like social media platforms
·         Through automatic information collection technologies, like cookies
We use personal information:
·         To fill orders and answer customer service questions
·         To provide marketing information
·         To improve and enhance our website and products with the help of our vendors
We secure personal information:
·        Through encryption technology
We respect your choices:
·         To opt-out of marketing communications
·         To respond to Do-Not-Track Requests
We keep our policy updated:
·         You can find the most recent update on the Privacy Notice main page
You have options.
If you decide you don’t want to continue to receive our promotional information, you can unsubscribe at any time – either through the unsubscribe link in the message or by contacting us here:
Oregon’s Wild Harvest, Inc.
1601 NE Hemlock Ave.
Redmond, OR 97756
United States
privacy@owharvest.com
Toll Free: 1-800-316-6869
Privacy Notice
Effective Date May 1, 2017; Last Updated April 12, 2019
INTRODUCTION AND SCOPE
Oregon’s Wild Harvest, Inc. (“OWH”) is a United States-based business and we market and sell our products to individuals located throughout the United States. We maintain a family run business, which requires a balanced approach to business, effort and transparency.  This Privacy Notice follows those same themes: we take a balanced approach to our collection and use of your personal information, a hands-on approach into ensuring your data is kept secure and that we are transparent about our data handling practices in accordance with standards and laws applicable to us.  This Privacy Notice addresses the lifecycle of how we collect, use, store, disclose, and delete information we hold.
More specifically, this Privacy Notice applies to https://www.oregonswildharvest.com (the “Website”) and any OWH websites and products that display these terms.  It does not apply to any website, service or product that does not display or link to this statement or that contains its own privacy statement.  This Privacy Notice applies to our treatment of personal information collected through our Website and when you submit personal information to OWH through third parties like social media channels that is made available to us through our advertising partners.  This Privacy Notice also applies to personal information collected through offline interactions with OWH, such as phone calls with our customer service team.
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
We may collect information from you in two different ways: directly or indirectly.  First, we collect information you provide to us directly.  Second, we use technologies that collect certain data (including personal information) automatically as you use the Website.  This section addresses each of these types of collection.
Information you provide directly.
You may provide us with certain personal information when making a purchase (online or over the phone), logging into your account, registering for an account, requesting a catalog, signing up to receive our marketing emails, participating in a survey, or otherwise interacting online and offline with OWH (via social media, chat, web form, email, phone, and yes, even postal mail).
The personal information you may provide us includes:
·      First Name and Last Name
·      Contact information, such as mailing/billing address, email address, and phone number
·      Reviews, e-mails, chat content, and other feedback you submit
·      Your geolocation, if you use our map to find a retailer near you to shop locally
·      Purchase History and Passwords [KS17] you create if you register on the Website
Some of this information is optional; for example, when you purchase products from the OWH website, you must provide your name, email address, shipping/billing address, and payment card data, in order for us to complete your purchase, but you are not required to create an account.
[KS18] Where you submit your information as a prospective employee, we will use your personal information to contact you regarding the position for which you have applied
Information collected through automated technologies.
When you use our Website, we use automated technologies to collect information, which sometimes includes personal information.  We may use cookies to aggregate personal information collected automatically with data previously stored from other interactions with our Website and third-party sites. We examine metrics such as what pages you visit on our Website, what links you click on and resources you view, how you shop on our Website, the performance of our marketing efforts, and your response to those marketing efforts.  This allows us to provide the best shopping experience and products possible as well as to provide relevant and useful information to our customers.
The nature of personal information collected through automated technologies falls into these categories:
·
Abandoned cart data: For example, when a shopper does not complete a pending purchase but has provided their email address through the partial checkout, we automatically notify them that they still have items that remain in their cart.
Out of Stock products.  When shopping on our site where a user has requested to be notified when a product is back in stock, we will notify you via email, when an out of stock item becomes available for purchase.
·
Location data: We collect location data, which helps us understand where our customers are located and provide customers, at their election, with information on local retailers who might carry our products. The OWH Store Locator tool available at https://www.oregonswildharvest.com/community/store-locator may collect your device’s geolocation information to allow you to locate stores that sell our products.
·
Website Interactions data: We maintain a record of your activity on our Website, including how you use our website, and which products you view. We also collect information about the site you visited before navigating to our website.
You can delete cookie files from your hard drive, or avoid them altogether, by configuring your browser to reject them or to notify you when a cookie is being placed on your hard drive. Not all features of the Website will function as intended if you reject cookies.
The information we collect automatically is statistical information and may include personal information, or we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. If you do not want us to collect this information, do not use the Website.
Some automatically collected information is collected through cookies; please review the details of our Cookie Notice for more information. There are more than organic oatmeal raisin cookies discussed there, so check it out.
Do-not-track requests.
Your Internet browser and mobile device may allow you to adjust your browser settings so that "do not track" requests are sent to the websites you visit. The OWH Website responds to "do not track" requests by respecting the request and not tracking the user’s interactions with the Website.
Not intended for children under 16.
We will never knowingly request personal information from anyone under the age of 16 without prior verifiable parental consent.  All children's products we sell are for purchase by adults only. In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, if we become aware that personal information of an individual under the age of 16 has been provided to OWH, for any purpose without prior verifiable parental consent, we will delete the information from our files.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
Being transparent about our data collection practices is important to us because we know it’s important to you.  We feel it’s equally important to be transparent about how we use your personal information once we have access to it.  Here are the ways we use personal information:
·
To fulfill your order, including order confirmation, processing, and to maintain your purchase history.
·
To contact you as a reminder of items left in your cart or to let you know items previously out of stock are available again.
·
To provide access to the Website, including maintaining the security and integrity of the Website.
·
To share questions, feedback, or other content you have elected to provide.
·
To provide marketing information regarding website and product updates, special promotions, etc.
·
To comply with legal and regulatory requirements applicable to our business and internal policies for maintaining records.
·
To conduct reviews of our Website and to help us better understand your use our Website to tailor the Website, our product offerings, and marketing promotions to make your shopping experience more enjoyable and convenient.
·
To comply with court orders and legal process, and to enforce our Terms of Use and this Privacy Notice.
·
For any other legal, business, or marketing purposes that complies with the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
We respect that you may want to know more about how and when we share your information.  This section provides detail on how we share information collected through the mechanisms detailed in the prior sections of this Privacy Notice.
We will not sell your personal data.
We will not sell, rent, or trade your personal information to third parties for their own marketing purposes.
We do use some vendors to help us out.
We excel in providing the highest quality of organic herbal supplements, not website operations.  So, in order to facilitate our business needs, we may share your personal information with our third-party service providers who help us with business operations such as operating and supporting the Website, performing Website analytics, marketing or consulting services, assisting us with the preparation and mailing of our business and marketing communications.
We also use third party payment processing services for transactions you elect to complete through our Website; OWH does not process payment card information directly. The personal data those payment processors receive includes name, email address, mailing address, billing address, phone number, and payment card information.
We use targeted advertising.
Some of the vendors we use to help us operate our Website and promote our products also serve ads on our behalf through the Internet. These third parties may use cookies to collect information about your Website visits, as described in our Cookie Notice. They may also use information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements that are more relevant to you, which may appear on other sites that you visit.
Our vendors help with Website analytics too.
OWH uses Google Analytics to study how users interact with our Websites. To learn more about Google's privacy practices, visit Google's Privacy & Terms at https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.  OWH may engage other analytics providers from time to time. These third parties may combine your information with the information of other consumers for analytics purposes. Some analytics providers use cookies, and you may opt out of those cookies by visiting https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout to manage your cookie preferences.
Additional information on opt-out options are available below.
If you make a public post, other users may see it.
If you  make a post on a third-party social media site (for example, on our Facebook page at https://www.facebook.com/oregonswildharvest/) or by identifying us in your social media feed using by tagging us using a hashtag (#) or “at” (@) indicators on your social media platform, your personal information may publicly available and subject to the privacy policies of those third-party social media sites.  This Privacy Notice describes how we will treat your data collected once it is in our control.
We strongly recommend you review the privacy policies of any third-party sites you visit to understand the data collection and use practices of that third party.
We may share feedback you provide to us.
We appreciate hearing from our customers.  Our business started when the founders of OWH had a life changing experience with herbal supplements, and we would love to hear how our products are improving your life.  If you submit information through the Website, we may use your product feedback or reviews in accordance with our Terms of Use.
Eventual successors may access information.
We love our family business, but we have also taken steps to evaluate how data will be treated, accessed, or shared in the event our business structure or ownership needs to change.  This paragraph describes what may happen to your data in such an instance.  In the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy or other sale of all or a portion of our assets, any user information owned or controlled by us may be among the assets transferred to third-parties as successors in interests. As part of this type of transaction, we reserve the right to transfer or assign your personal information to third-parties. Other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court, or as otherwise agreed to by you, the use and disclosure of all transferred user information will be subject to this Privacy Notice.
We need to comply with legal requirements.
We may disclose your information to government authorities or other third parties if any lawful circumstance arises, including where:
·
you have given us permission to share your information;
·
we are required to do so by law, or in response to a subpoena or court order;
·
we believe in our sole discretion that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect against fraud, or to protect our property or other rights or those of other users of the Website, third parties or the public at large; or
·
we believe that you have misused the Website by using it to attack or gain unauthorized access to a system or to engage in spamming or other conduct that violates applicable laws or our Terms of Use.
HOW WE SECURE INFORMATION
We understand the importance of securing your personal information.  We have implemented industry accepted administrative, physical, and technology-based security measures to protect against loss, misuse and alteration of data in our systems.  We also ensure that any employee, contractor, or vendor who has access to personal information in our systems is subject to contractual and professional obligations to safeguard that data.
We use a third-party payment processor, which is PCI DSS compliant and uses SSL/TLS (Secure Sockets Layer) technology to encrypt your order information, such as your name, address, and credit card number, during data transmission.
Our customer service center and Website also operate over a private, secure network. We follow generally accepted industry standards, including implementing Microsoft bitlocker encryption, to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
YOUR CHOICES
We understand that most of our customers would like to have control of their data.  With this in mind, we have worked with our vendors to build our Website in a way that gives you the ability to review, update, or delete your information.  This section details how.
Viewing or Updating your personal information.
If you have created an account with us, you may access your information by clicking on the User Account icon at the top of the Website or directly using this URL: https://oregonswildharvest.com/account. You may make changes to personal contact information, including contact details such as mailing address and email address on this page. Be sure to click the "Update" button to save your changes.
You can also contact customer service to access or make changes to your information by calling 1-800-316-6869 or sending an email to privacy@owharvest.com.
Deactivating your account.
You may elect to deactivate your account at any time after you create it.  In order to deactivate your account, please contact our customer service administrators by calling 1-800-316-6869 or sending an email to privacy@owharvest.com.  Upon receiving your request, OWH will deactivate your account and delete personal information where allowed or required by applicable law.
Please note, our systems may retain some personal information, like email address, associated with transactional history on our Website, which we may be required to store for other compliance purposes.
Opting-Out.
If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails from us, including our e-newsletters, you may follow the unsubscribe process at the bottom of the promotional e-mail you received or by emailing us at privacy@owharvest.com. Please keep in mind that you may still receive transactional e-mails from us (e.g., e-mails related to the completion of your registration, correction of user data, password reset requests, reminder e-mails that you have requested, and any other similar communications essential to your transactions on the Website) which may be necessary for us to process orders, make the Website available to you, or respond to your enquiries.
You can set your Internet browser to refuse some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being set. Some cookies are required to use the Services.  To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit our Cookie Notice.  If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based ads. However, you can opt-out of receiving interest-based ads from third party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the NAI or who follow the DAA’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages of the NAI and DAA websites. If you opt-out, you may still see general advertising from us, meaning you may still see advertisements about our products, including ads provided by us or others on other third-party websites; they will just not be based on your particular interests or targeted to you based on the technologies we described above. Also note that your opt-out will be managed through the use of cookies, so if you delete these cookies or use a different Internet browser or computer, you will have to make this same election again.
BREACH OF PRIVACY PROTOCOLS
If you have received unwanted, unsolicited e-mail from us or purporting to be sent by us, please forward a copy of that e-mail with your comments to privacy@owharvest.com for our review.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
Like our fields, our business continues to grow and evolve.  As we offer new products or services, this Privacy Notice will grow with us to reflect our data handling practices.  We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Notice at any time, for any reason, without additional notice to you, other than the updated Privacy Notice at this Website.  We invite you to periodically return to this page to ensure you are informed of any updates we make here about how we collect, use, and protect customer information. You can see when this Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the beginning of this Privacy Notice.
Naturally transparent, baked in
COOKIE NOTICE
& other automated collected technologies
Updated April 12, 2019
Automated collection technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts are used by us in analyzing trends, administering the Website, and tracking users’ movements around the Website.  We, and our third-party vendors, also use these technologies to gather demographic information about our user base as individuals and in the aggregate.
WHAT IS A COOKIE?
A “cookie” is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer and downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies then send information back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that same cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user’s device.
Cookies perform many different jobs, like allowing you to navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improving a user’s experience on a website. They can also help to ensure that the advertisements you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.  We use different types of cookies on our website, as explained below.
YOU CAN OPT-OUT.
If you wish to opt out of allowing certain cookies, you may do so by changing your browser settings so that cookies from our Website cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. Please note that if you delete, block or otherwise restrict cookies, or use a different computer or Internet browser, you will need to renew your cookie management choices.
OWH’s COOKIES.
OWH uses both session cookies (which track a user's progression during one site visit) and persistent cookies (which track a user over time). The specific cookies associated with our Website change regularly depending on the type of browsing behavior we are analyzing, the third party we have engaged to perform analytics on our behalf or the third-party advertising company we are working with to generate digital behavioral ads.
All of this technology is used to deliver a more relevant and convenient experience for you. You have the choice to refuse functional and/or advertising cookies by turning them off in your Internet browser.  Please note, if you change Internet browsers, you will need to make the same setting change in your new browser.
Performance and Functional Cookies
Performance or functional cookies allow us to count visits and sources of traffic on our Website so we can measure and improve the performance and functionality of our Website. They help us to know which pages of our Website are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around our Website. The information collected by these cookies is used to create aggregated, anonymous analytics reports. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, what pages you have visited and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookie
Author
__atuvc
__atuvs
AddThis
__atssc
Twitter
OGPC
OTZ
_ga
_gat
_gid
__utma
__utmb
__utmc
__utmt__hni_gapt
__utmz
Google
Targeted Advertising Cookies
Advertising cookies may be set through our Website by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites.
These cookies do not store directly identifiable personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising, but you will not stop receiving general advertising.
Cookie
Author
bt2
di2
loc
mus
na_id
ouid
ssc
uid
um
uvc
vc
AddThis
DSID
IDE
DoubleClick
c_user
datr
fr
pl
sb
_fbp
Facebook
1P_JAR
APISID
DV
HSID
NID
SAPISID
SID
SIDCC
SSID
UULE
Google
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are used to allow you to share information using a social media sharing button (such as the Facebook “Like”) or where you choose to link your account with us to your social media networking site such as Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter.  The social media site will record that you have linked your social media account to your account with us.  This information may then be used by the social media network to deliver targeted advertising to you.
Cookie
Author
__atssc
Twitter