https://orlybeauty.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Get Color Pass
orly-logo
Created with Sketch.
®
Featured
Holiday 2020: Metropolis
Fall 2020: Desert Muse
Complete Gel Manicure System
Holiday Hand Sanitizer Bundles - 75% Alcohol
New Breathable: All Tangled Up
Nail Color
Nail Lacquers
Breathable Treatment + Color
Gel Nail Color
French Manicure
Treatments
Basecoats
Topcoats
Strengthen, Repair, Treat
Tools + Accessories
Removers
Cuticle Care
BB Crème
Builder In A Bottle®
Overview
Buy ORLY GELFX Builder In A Bottle
Video Tutorials
Take Our Online Mini Course
Professionals
Salon Wholesale Login
Salon Wholesale Signup
Education Calender
Hands • Feet • Body
Pedicure
Scrubs
Rich Renewal
Company
Our Story
Browse Our Catalog
Take A Tour
Contact Us
Careers
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
Connect
Contact
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
shipping & return policy
privacy policy
contact us
newsletter sign up
employment
international distributors
online resellers
Privacy Policy
ORLY International, Inc. (“ORLY”) respects your privacy. Because we gather important information from our users, visitors, subscribers and customers (collectively “you” or “your”), we have established this Privacy Policy as a means to communicate our information gathering and dissemination practices. By accessinghttp://www.orlybeauty.com (the “Website”), you acknowledge and agree to this Privacy Policy and also agree to the Terms of Use of the Website located at: http://www.orlybeauty.com/privacy.php. We may share information among our subsidiaries or sites that we own or control, but such sharing of information is always governed under the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Website Visitor/User Data a) We collect personal information which may include but is not limited to the your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, cookies, IP logs, and other information (collectively “Personal Information”), you provide that is required to process your order or respond to a request. When you place an order with us, we will also collect payment information which is necessary to fulfill your order. If you fill out a Contact Us form or email us, we will use that information to respond to your request. Your Personal Information will not be distributed or shared with third parties unless it is to transact such business as you have contracted us to do, to comply with any legal processes and/or law enforcement requests, or in order to conduct any business as we, in our sole subjective discretion, deem reasonable.
b) We collect and store Personal Information automatically and in the aggregate. We use the information that we collect to provide and maintain the Website as we deem appropriate in our sole discretion. When you visit the Website, we may store some or all of the following: the IP address from which you access the Website, the date and time, the IP address of the web site from which you linked to the Website, the name of the file or words you searched on our website, items clicked on a page, the browser and operating system used. This information is used to measure the number of visitors to the various sections of our site and identify system performance.
c) We use Persistent Cookies to gain aggregate metrics on site usage to understand how people are using the site and how we can make it better. You may have software on your computer that will allow you to decline or deactivate Internet cookies, but if you do so, some features of the Website may not work properly for you. For instructions on how to remove cookies from your hard drive, go to your browser options for detailed instructions. In addition, further information regarding cookies may be available on other websites or from your Internet service or browser provider.
We use web metrics services to track activity on the Website. We use this information to help us develop the Website, analyze patterns of usage, and to make the Website more useful. This information is not used for associating search terms or patterns of site navigation with individual users.
Rakuten Advertising may collect personal information when you interact with our digital property, including IP addresses, digital identifiers, information about your web browsing and app usage and how you interact with our properties and ads for a variety of purposes, such as personalization of offers or advertisements, analytics about how you engage with websites or ads and other commercial purposes. For more information about the collection, use and sharing of your personal data and your rights, please use the below links.Rakuten AdvertisingPrivacy Policy : https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-policy/Your Rights : https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/subject-requests/
Children We do not knowingly allow any visitors or users under the age of fourteen (14) to use or otherwise access to the Website. We do not wish to collect any Personal Information (or any information at all) from any persons under 14 years old. If you are under 14 years old, you may not use the Website.
Site Security Please note that data that is transported over an open network, such as the Internet or e-mail, may be accessible to anybody. We cannot guarantee the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted via such open networks. When disclosing any personal information via an open network, you should remain mindful of the fact that it is potentially accessible to others, and consequently, can be collected and used by others without your consent. Your data may be lost during transmission or may be accessed by unauthorized parties. We do not accept any liability for direct or indirect losses as regards the security of your Personal Information or data during its transfer via Internet. Please use other means of communication if you think this is necessary or prudent for security reasons.
For network security purposes and to ensure that our website remains available to all users, we employ commercial software programs to monitor network traffic and attempt to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. All payment information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, encrypted into our payment gateway, and accessible only by those authorized with special access rights to such systems who are required to keep the information confidential.
External Site Links ORLY may link to websites created and maintained by public and private organizations which may include or offer third party products or services. When you access a linked site you may be disclosing private information. It is your responsibility to keep such information private and confidential. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. ORLY does not control or guarantee the accuracy, relevance, timeliness, or completeness of information contained on a linked website and does not have responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. If you click a link to an outside website, such as Facebook orYouTube, you will leave the Website and are subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website. ORLY cannot authorize the use of copyrighted materials contained in linked websites. Users must request such authorization from the sponsor of the linked website. ORLY is not responsible for transmissions users receive from linked websites.
Social Media Sites and You While ORLY may link to or otherwise utilize social media sites (e.g. Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram, etc.) in order to share information and engage with the public, we do not collect Personal Information through those sites without your consent. In addition, we also do not use Personal Information made available by the user to these third-party sites without the user’s consent.
Google Analytics + Cookies This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer and allow for an analysis of your use of the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on a server in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also pass this information on to third parties insofar as that is required by law or insofar as third parties process these data on behalf of Google. Under no circumstances will Google associate your IP address with any other data held by Google You may prevent the installation of cookies by selecting an appropriate setting in your browser software; however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you declare your agreement to the processing of the data collected about you by Google in the manner described above and for the above-mentioned purpose.“
Marketing Partners ORLY distributes data to marketing companies to facilitate email marketing, on-site promotions, and social media, search, and display advertising campaigns.
Data Retention ORLY retails personally identifiable information for the maximum period allowable by law, where there is a reasonable business need to retain such data. You may contact us at contact@orlybeauty.com if at any time you would like to see the Personally Identifiable Information we hold about you, or to ask us to correct or update this information, or to ask us to delete it. Please contact us if you have questions or wish to take any action with respect to information to which this Privacy Policy applies. (see below for contact information)
Live Chat When you send email or message ORLY via our live chat system, ORLY will collect and store your name, location, email address and the content of your message so we can provide customer support.
Analytics and Reporting ORLY distributes data to analytics platforms to better understand user behavior and track key business metrics, in order to provide a better service to its users.
Prohibitions ORLY will not willfully or intentionally link to any website that exhibits hate, bias, or discrimination. ORLY reserves the right to deny or remove any link that contains misleading information or unsubstantiated claims, or is determined to be in conflict with ORLY’s mission or policies. We seek to protect the integrity of our site at all times and welcome any feedback.
Additional Rights, Ruels, And Provisions For European Economic Area Users If you are the resident of a country in the EEA, you may have additional privacy rights available to you under applicable laws. We will process your requests in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Right not to provide or withdraw consent: you have the right not to provide or withdraw your consent at any time.
Right of access: you may have the right to access the Personal Data that you provided Us.
Right of erasure: you may have the right to the erasure of Personal Data that we hold about you.
Right to object to processing: you may have the right to request that ORLY stop processing your Personal Data and/or to stop sending you marketing communications.
Right to rectification: you may have the right to require ORLY to correct any of your Personal Data.
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you feel the above conditions aren’t being met.
To make such requests regarding your personal data, please email the customer success team at contact@orlybeauty.com with the term “privacy” in the subject line. Please contact us if you have questions or wish to take any action with respect to information to which this Privacy Policy applies (see below for contact information).
ORLY is an online shopping destination. Users located in EEA countries may choose to enter personal data relating to their race or ethnicity, trade union membership, gender and sexual orientation when using the service. This type of information is considered to be a part of the “Special Categories of Personal Data” under Article 9 of the GDPR. By choosing to enter the above categories of personal data on the ORLY site, you are giving explicit consent to the processing of this personal data for purposes referenced in this privacy policy on ORLY.
In order for users from EEA countries to use ORLY websites, users must accept cookies. Users will be prompted at the beginning of their session to accept cookies. Users may withdraw consent by deleting their cookies from their browser settings at any time.
Data Protection Rights
Depending on where you live and subject to applicable data protection law, you may also have the following rights:
The right to request access to personal information that we collect, use, disclose and sell, which enables you to receive confirmation as to whether or not we are processing your personal information and access to such personal information. Please note if you are a Californian resident, under California law, you have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection, use and sale of your personal information over the past 12 months, including the specific pieces of information we collected.  You have the right to make a request for free two times in any 12-month period.
The right to change and/or correct inaccurate personal information.
The right to block or suppress the processing of your personal information.
The right to object to our processing of your personal information (including any processing for direct marketing purposes).
The right to request that we delete your personal information in certain circumstances.
If you are a Californian resident, the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information.
The right to request portability of your personal information.
The right to withdraw your consent, if applicable. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Under the California Civil Code Section 1798.83, if you are a resident of California, you may request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information regarding our disclosure (if any) of your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year.  To make such a request, please send an e-mail to contact@orlybeauty.com.
If you exercise any of your data protection rights detailed in this section, we will not discriminate against you and we will not deny you goods or services, charge you a different price or provide you with a lesser quality of goods or services.
If you are located in the European Economic Area, you have a right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.
We have a strict policy where we do not rent or sell your personal information. We can confirm that we have not sold any California residents’ personal information to third parties in the preceding 12 months.
You can exercise these rights by contacting us. To do so, please send an e-mail to contact@orlybeauty.com. We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.  In order to verify your identity and so that we can locate your personal information in our systems, we require you to provide us with a copy of either your passport or driver’s license when you make a request.  In some circumstances, we may require additional documentation to verify your identity such as a utility bill to confirm proof of address and/or a customer reference number relating to your purchase and/or product you used.
You can exercise these rights yourself or designate an agent (such as a solicitor) to make a request on your behalf by executing a notarized power of attorney to enable that person to act on your behalf.
If you have any questions or concerns about how we use your personal information, please do not hesitate to let us know.
Security of Your Data ORLY is committed to protecting the security of Your Personal Data. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect Your personal data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We attempt to follow policies and procedures that will protect against unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information. No amount of measures is 100% secure, however. We cannot make any promises or guarantees that your data will be safe, and you provide information to us at your own risk.
How To Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Website, please contact us. You may contact us, for any reason, by emailing us at contact@orlybeauty.com.
Consent and Opt Out By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy. This privacy policy applies to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline. If there are any questions regarding this policy, or wish to Opt Out from receiving any messages we may send you, contact us using the following information:
Call: 818-998-1111
Email: contact@orlybeauty.com
US Mail:
ORLY International
7710 Haskell Avenue
Van Nuys, CA 91406
Changes To Our Privacy Policy We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as we add new features or as laws change that may affect our services. When we make changes to our privacy policy, they are reflected on this page. Any revised Privacy Policy will apply both to information we already have about you at the time of the change, and any personal information created or received after the change takes effect. We strongly recommend that you periodically reread this Privacy Policy, to see if there have been any changes to our policies that may affect you.
This policy was last modified on 6/30/20.
shipping & return policy
privacy policy
contact us
newsletter sign up
employment
international distributors
online resellers