https://orrandassociates.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Business Insurance 800-311-3081
Privacy Policy – ORRANDASSOCIATES.COM This privacy policy sets out how Orr & Associates Insurance Services uses and protects any information that you give Orr & Associates Insurance Services when you use this website. Orr & Associates Insurance Services is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.  We ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website; you can be assured that it will be used in accordance with this privacy statement. What we collect We may collect the following information:
Name, Job title, Company name Contact information including email address Business projections such as gross sales, payroll, subcontracting costs and description of work performed. Insurance history including past policies and claims.
What we do with the information we gather We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping. We may use the information to improve our products and services. We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. We may provide you with an insurance quote on a monthly basis or before your current policy expires.
Security We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998.  If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to 3065 Rosecrans Place, Suite 105, San Diego, CA 92110. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.