https://ottawakent.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Please review this information carefully.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Ottawa Kent collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Ottawa Kent’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Ottawa Kent’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Ottawa Kent may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Ottawa Kent also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Ottawa Kent does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Ottawa Kent’s websites choose to interact with Ottawa Kent in ways that require Ottawa Kent to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Ottawa Kent gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for an account at this website to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Ottawa Kent are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Ottawa Kent collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Ottawa Kent Ottawa Kent does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Use of Personal Data
Ottawa Kent may collect aggregated statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Ottawa Kent may monitor the most popular website account on this site. Ottawa Kent may display this information publicly or provide it to others. Ottawa Kent does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Ottawa Kent discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Ottawa Kent’s behalf or to provide services available at Ottawa Kent’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Ottawa Kent’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Ottawa Kent will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Ottawa Kent discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Ottawa Kent believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Ottawa Kent, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Ottawa Kent website and have supplied your email address, Ottawa Kent may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Ottawa Kent and our products. We expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Ottawa Kent takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Ottawa Kent uses cookies to help Ottawa Kent identify and track visitors, their usage of Ottawa Kent website, and their website access preferences. Ottawa Kent visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Ottawa Kent’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Ottawa Kent’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Ottawa Kent may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Ottawa Kent’s sole discretion. Ottawa Kent encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is available under a Creative Commons Share-alike license.
The next step is easy, call 616-797-3401
Or, Contact Us
About Ottawa Kent We are an outsource risk management company and independent insurance agency focused on offering a comprehensive suite of insurance solutions to protect you from the unexpected.
We don’t just sell insurance. We take a consultative approach, working closely with our clients to help them make important and informed decisions every day when it comes to protection and their future.
We offer comprehensive insurance solutions throughout Michigan, with offices in Jenison, Sparta, Holland and Byron Center.
Our Mission At Ottawa Kent we are built on unique principles that have provided us success for over 40 years. Our mission is to provide individuals and businesses with well informed and cost effective risk management and insurance solutions that protect people, their property and their prosperity.
© 2020 Ottawa Kent.
All rights reserved. | Privacy PolicyPowered by Forge3 ActiveAgency.
Personal
Auto Insurance
Home Insurance
Business
About Us
About Us
Ottawa Kent Cares
Meet Our Team
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Contact Us
Locations
Refer a Friend
Join Our Newsletter
Careers
Client Portal
Client Portal
OSHA Logs
Policy Review
Refer a Friend
Provide Feedback
Request Auto ID Card
Request Certificate
Think-HR
Wellness 401k
Work With Us
View Power Panels
Our offices are Staffed to serve you, however we have restricted public access until further notice
Our offices are Staffed to serve you, however we have restricted public access until further notice
More Office Info
Contact us!