https://outsource.ie/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy
Privacy & Cookies
Privacy Policy - Outsource Transcription Service
This Privacy Policy details the privacy practices of Outsource Transcription Service as it pertains to the information we collect through our website, as well as any other communications with us. By willingly providing personal and other information to us, you are consenting to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
We have the utmost respect for the privacy of all our customers and understand the importance of privacy to you. To this end, and in accordance with current privacy legislation, we will only use your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to read this policy, to understand what types of information we collect, and how we use or disclose it.
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with GDPR and any other relevant data protection legislation.
Personal Information We Collect
We collects only the personal information we require to effectively respond to your requests for our customised products and services and to enable you to use the resources available on our website. This personal information includes, but is not limited to, your name, company name, physical address, email address, phone number(s) and any other information that itself can identify or, when tied to the above information, may identify you as a specific individual.  We may also collect your IP address as part of our website security measures.
How We Use & Share Your Personal Information
Outsource is the sole owner of any information collected on this site. We will not, under any circumstances, sell, share, or rent this information to any other organisation in any way other than what has been detailed in this Privacy Policy.
If a user contacts us with a general enquiry, we may require you to provide us with personal information such as your contact details so that we can appropriately address your needs. We use other information we hold about you for the following general purposes: to supply you with the products and services you request; to give you confirmations and updates; to manage your account, including issuing invoices and providing notifications; to communicate with you; to respond to any questions and comments; to follow up on our customer service, if necessary; to gain feedback on our products, services, and website; to tackle disputes, collect payments due, or resolve outstanding issues; to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities.
If you enter into correspondence with us regarding a booking, enquiry or complaint, we may also keep records of that correspondence.
In addition to the circumstances described above, we may disclose your information if required to do so by law, court order, as requested by other government or law enforcement authorities, or in the good faith belief that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable, including (without limitation) when we have reason to believe that disclosing the information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing interference with our rights or properties, whether intentionally or otherwise, or when anyone else could be harmed by such activities.
External Links and Social Plug-Ins
If you click on a link on our website that takes you to an external website, those websites are not covered by our Privacy Policy. We recommend that you read the privacy policies on each individual website you visit to understand their own approach to collecting, utilising, and sharing personal information.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies in several ways. Cookie files are used to appreciate how you go through our website so that we may personalise your experience at our website. Cookies are also used to determine whether you have visited our website before, and track the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing by monitoring whether you came to our website from a particular Internet address or advertisement.
Cookies can also be used to assist you to save and retrieve passwords and any other information and preferences you use on our website, so that you do not have to re-enter these details every time you visit our website.
Cookies cannot and will not be used by us to uncover any additional personal information from your computer that you have not previously and voluntarily given us. The majority of web browsers will allow you to disable the cookies you don’t want should you wish to opt out of using them on our site. Please be aware that changing your cookie settings will affect all websites you visit unless you specify otherwise. Disabling cookies may also affect your browsing experience as some website functionalities, such as logging in, will cease to work without them.
Third Party Cookies
Our website may use third party embedded content from external providers such as Facebook, YouTube and Google. Cookies may be put in place by these sites in order for this content to function, however these cookies are not managed by us and data collected from them may be stored outside the EEA.
You can find out more about our third parties privacy policies by reading their Privacy Policies:
Facebook: https://en-gb.facebook.com/policy.php
Google and YouTube: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyse our website’s performance. The information Google Analytics gathers using our website’s cookies generates generic reports about the use of our website.
Google’s Privacy Policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Outsource Transcription Service
Ashford
County Wicklow
Ireland
If you have any queries in relation to our privacy policy please contact us.
Last Updated: May 2018
We use cookies to give you the best experience on our website.I AgreePrivacy Policy