https://oxyfresh.com/privacy-policy/
Call Us! 1.800.333.7374 | Hours: Mon-Fri 7am-4pm PSTYes! We're Open and Shipping!
Call Us! 1.800.333.7374 | Hours: Mon-Fri 7am-4pm PST
Your Account
Your Cart
FREE SHIPPING ON RETAIL ORDERS OVER $49! (US Only)
Yes! We're Open and Shipping!
Privacy Policy
Oxyfresh Worldwide, Inc. and its affiliates (“we” or “Oxyfresh” herein) recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of information provided by users of our website, Oxyfresh.com (the “Site”). Our privacy policy was created with a fundamental respect for the right of privacy of our distributors, customers and all others who may visit our Site. This Privacy Statement informs you of our privacy practices and of the choices you can make as to the way your information is collected online and how that information is used.
Automatically Collected Information: Whenever you interact with our Site, certain types of information are received and stored including the internet protocol address of the computer being used, the time you accessed our Site and the internet address of the site from which you linked to our Site. Similar to other websites, we use “cookies” that are identifiers transferred to your hard drive through the web browser. However, we use only a “session cookie” that can not identify the user until you log in and is used solely for tracking one session by linking the pages as you use the “shopping cart.” Most browsers have features allowing you to limit or disable “cookies.” However, we recommend you leave it in place to take advantage of our Site’s “shopping cart” feature after you log in.
Information that you voluntarily provide: We do not collect personal information unless you choose to provide it to us when you log in on our Site. If you provide us with such information, for example, by sending an e-mail or by filling out a form and submitting it through our Site, we use that information to respond to your message and to help us provide you with the information, products and services that you request.
Submitting voluntary information constitutes your consent to the use of the information for the stated purpose. When you log in or “submit” any of the web forms on our Site, you are indicating your voluntary consent to use of the information you submit for the purpose stated.
Personal Information: This is defined as information that can personally identify you and is retained to enable us to contact you whether related to an order, your distributorship or other matters. Your personal information may include: (a) name; (b) credit card number; (c) mailing address; and (d) e-mail address; and (e) telephone/cell phone numbers. Some or all of your personal information may be required to conduct business with you or answer questions you may have regarding our business. Your permission to use such information is most important and can be provided directly or implicitly by the orders or requests you make on our Site.
Tracking pixels: Tracking pixels are being used to collect information and the information collected will be shared with our advertising agencies to provide targeted advertisements.
To opt-out from receiving targeted ads please contact us by phone at 1-800-333-7374 or by emailing to smiles@oxyfresh.com.
How information is used: The personal information collected on our Site will not be used by us or shared in any way that is unrelated to the purpose for which you provided this information. The information we collect is used for a variety of purposes (e.g., to fill your order or to respond to requests for information). We make an effort to clearly disclose how information is used at the point where it is collected so you can determine whether you wish to provide such information. In that context, credit card transactions are handled by third-party financial institutions and their vendors, which receive the credit card number and personal information only to verify the credit card numbers and process transactions. General information, defined as information that can not personally identify you, is retained only to the extent necessary to serve you.
In your supporting network, it is necessary that we share specific personal information with your sponsor and upline organization (your “organization”) who will not disclose such information with third parties outside of Oxyfresh’s network. Information on you and your orders must be shared with your organization in supporting your Oxyfresh business, but we will limit disclosures to the greatest extent possible.
We do not sell or otherwise disclose personal information to other companies except for those that may act as our agents in providing our products or services, and which agree to use it only for that purpose and to keep the information secure and confidential. We will also disclose personal information when required to do so in response to a court order or subpoena or other legal obligation. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe may be unlawful or may be necessary to protect the rights of others and ourselves.
Protecting Personal Information: We are committed to take reasonable precautions to protect personal information you provide online or otherwise from loss, misuse or unauthorized access. We employ appropriate processes to safeguard and secure your information. On our Site, we use secure sockets layering (“SSL”) to encrypt certain personal information such as your credit card number prior to sending it over the internet. Since SSL technology is the industry standard for securing online transactions, placing an order on our Site is as safe as giving your credit card number on the phone. We may disclose such information you provide to our Site when we reasonably believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law; to enforce our Terms of Use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of our website or others.
Retention of Information: We may destroy the information we collect when the purpose for which it was provided has been fulfilled unless we are required to keep it longer by law or governmental policy.
Remove tracking technologies: To opt-out of receiving behavioral advertising visit DAA or NAI.
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
For questions or comments regarding the Privacy Policy please email us at smiles@oxyfresh.com
100% Money Back Guarantee
Oxyfresh has complete confidence in the excellence of its products.
That’s why we offer a 100% money-back guarantee (minus the cost of shipping) within 30 days of purchase if you’re not happy.
Oxyfresh is the only Authorized Seller of Oxyfresh products on Amazon.com
Browse
My Account
Track Your Order
Contact Us
FAQs
About Oxyfresh
Meet Our Team
Media
Our Partners
Oxyfresh Careers
Shipping Policy
Returns Policy & Feedback
Terms of Use
Professional & Retail Partners
Oxygene® Science
Why Choose Oxyfresh?
Reviews
Coupons & Specials
Blog
Review Us on Google
Dental
Bad Breath Products
Alcohol-Free Mouthwash
Cavity Treatment
Post Oral Surgery Care Products
Sensitivity Gel
Low-Abrasion Toothpaste
Sore Gums
Tongue Scrapers & Cleaners
Toothbrushes
Brush Picks
Pet
Dog Oral Care Products
Dog Ear Cleaners
Dog Deodorizer
Dog Shampoo
Cat Oral Care Products
Cat Ear Cleaners
Cat Deodorizer
Cat Shampoo
Pet Oral Care Products
Pet Toothpaste/Gel
Pet Bad Breath Oral Hygiene Product
Pet Ear Cleaners
Pet Deodorizer
Pet Crate & Cage Cleaner
Pet Shampoo
Nutrition
VIBE Meal Replacement
MIND Nootropic
Motion Joint Supplement
LS Vitamin Supplement
Spa & Home Care
All-Purpose Deodorizer
Unscented Face & Body Wash
Heavenly Face & Body Wash
Face & Body Wash Bundle
©
Oxyfresh.com / Privacy Policy / Terms of Use