https://pacificcoastproducers.com/privacy-policy/
COVID-19 UPDATE Read more
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Pacific Coast Producers Website Privacy Notice
Pacific Coast Producers (the “Company”) recognizes that its members, visitors, users, and others (collectively or individually “Users”) who use www.Canned-Fresh.com (the “Website”) value their privacy. This Privacy Notice details important information regarding the use and disclosure of User information collected on the Website. Company provides this Privacy Notice to help you make an informed decision about whether to use or continue using the Website.
This Privacy Notice is incorporated into and is subject to our Terms of Use. Your use of the Website and any personal information you provide on the Website remains subject to the terms of this Privacy Notice and our Terms of Use.
Please note that any audio recording, composition, video, image, or other content posted at the direction of Users onto the Website becomes published content and is not considered personally identifiable information subject to this Privacy Notice.
The Information We Collect User Provided Information: In order to operate the Website and to provide you with information about services that may be of interest to you, we may collect “personal information” (i.e., information that could be used to contact you directly (without using the Website) such as full name, postal address, phone number or email address, a social security number and any other identifier that permits the physical or online contacting of a specific user), “demographic information” (i.e., information that you submit, or that we collect, that is neither personal information nor financial information; this may include but is not limited to your zip code, postal code, hometown, gender, username, age/birth date, occupation, interests and the content of communications between you and other members over the Websites). Nowhere on the website do we knowingly collect personal information from minors under the age of 18, as we require that all users represent to us that they are at least 18 years old.
Cookies Information: When you visit the Website, we may send one or more cookies, a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters, to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. The Company uses both session cookies and persistent cookies. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Website may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
Log File Information: When you use the Website, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit the Website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
Clear GIFs Information: When you use the Website, we may employ “clear GIFs” (a.k.a. Web Beacons) which are used to track the online usage patterns of our Users anonymously (i.e., in a non-personally identifiable manner). In addition, we may also use clear GIFs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients.
The Way We Use Your Personal Information
If you submit personally identifiable information to us through the Website, then we will use your personal information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Website. We also use your email address and your other personal information in order to contact you in connection with your activities on the Website (including, but not limited to, confirmation emails, important news about the Website and so on). To operate the Website, including supporting your activities on the Website, we may share your personal information with our agents, reprsentatives, contractors and service providers so they can provide us with support services such as email origination, receipt or support services and customer relationship management services.
Other member Users may be able to contact you through messages and comments. Any video recordings that you submit to the Website may be viewed by the general public.
·We do not use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. We may, however, use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes to the Website or for customer service purposes).
· We use both your personally identifiable information and certain non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous User usage data, cookies, IP addresses, browser type, clickstream data, etc.) to improve the quality and design of the Website and to create new features, promotions, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, and analyzing User preferences and trends.
· We use cookies, clear gifs, and log file information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Website; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, etc.; and (e) track your entries, submissions, and status in promotions, sweepstakes, and contests.
When We Disclose Information
· We do not share your personally identifiable information (such as name or email address) with other, third party companies for their commercial or marketing use without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. · We do share non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous User usage data, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third-parties to assist them in understanding the usage patterns for certain content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on the Website.
· We may release personally identifiable information and/or non-personally-identifiable information if required to do so by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws or respond to a court order, subpoena, or search warrant.
· Company also reserves the right to disclose personally identifiable information and/or non-personallyidentifiable information that the Company believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to enforce our Terms of Use, in order to take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend Company against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement a gencies, to protect the security or integrity of our web site, and to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Company, our Users or others.
Third-party Advertisers, Links to Other Sites
The Company allows other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements within the Website. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on the Website. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens.
They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content you see.
The Company does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. However, please note that if an advertiser asks the Company to show an advertisement to a certain audience or audience segment and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach. The advertiser may also use information regarding your use of the Website, such as the number of times you viewed an ad (but not any personally identifiable information), to determine which ads to deliver to you.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or ad networks for more information on their practices and for instructions on how to opt-out of certain practices. The Company’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
Our Commitment To Data Security
The Company uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to the Company and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission of information, the Company makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
If the Company learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. The Company may post a notice on the Website if a security breach occurs.
Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive a free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice) you should notify us as provided in the section below, under the heading “Contact Information”.
Special Note to International Users
The Website is hosted in the United States and is intended for and directed to Users in the United States. If you are a User accessing the Website from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the Website, which is governed by U.S. law, this Privacy Notice, and our respective Terms of Use, you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer.
In the Event of Merger, Sale, Bankruptcy or Substantial Change of Control
In the event that the Company is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information we have collected from our Users as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors’ rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.
How to Change Your Personally Identifiable Information
After registering, you may review and request to make changes to your personally identifiable information at any time. To review and/or make changes to your personally identifiable information, login to the website and update your profile.
Changes and updates to this Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice may be revised periodically and this will be reflected by the “effective date” below. When we make any changes to our Privacy Policy, we will send a notice to your account informing you that certain changes have been made and encourage you to revisit this web page.
In general, we only use your personal information in the manner described in the Privacy Notice in effect when we received the personal information you provided. Your continued use of the Website constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Notice and any future revisions.
For revisions to this Privacy Notice that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of the personal information you have already provided to us, we will attempt to obtain your consent before implementing such revisions with respect to such information.
To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you profile access or making corrections. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times.
Please contact the Company with any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, your personal information, your consent, or your opt-in or opt-out choices using this contact form.
Privacy Policy Effective Date:
This Privacy Notice is effective as of July, 2007
Contact Information:
Please contact the Company with any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice using this contact form found at PacificCoastProducers.com/contact
Did You Know?
Canned fruits and tomatoes are packed within just a few hours of being harvested at the peak of ripeness.
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. Read our Cookie Policy.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.