https://pagesix.com/2020/09/24/doobie-brothers-threaten-bill-murray-with-legal-action/
Skip to main content
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission.
Back to Reading
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Flipboard
WhatsAppClick to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to copy URL
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Flipboard
WhatsAppClick to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to copy URL
Doobie Brothers lawyer slams Bill Murray over golf clothing commercial
By Ian Mohr
View author archive
email the author
follow on twitter
Get author RSS feed
Name(required)
Email(required)
Comment(required)
Submit
September 24, 2020 | 6:26pm
Enlarge Image
The Doobie Brothers
Courtesy
More On:
bill murray
Bill Murray's brother Ed, inspiration behind 'Caddyshack,' dies
Bill Murray to throw first pitch of the season for Athletes Unlimited softball league
How Bill Murray celebrated his 70th birthday
Bill Murray's son Caleb arrested during Black Lives Matter protest
Classic rockers the Doobie Brothers are “Takin’ It To The Streets” in a potential legal fight with Bill Murray.
The band has accused the comedy star of using its music without permission in ads for his golf apparel line in a legal letter obtained by Page Six that’s more amusing than any of Murray’s recent films.
The band’s LA power attorney Peter Paterno threatens legal action while also managing to quote from “Caddyshack,” insult “Garfield” and slam Murray’s golf gear as “so damn ugly.”
The letter alleges that Murray’s brand, William Murray, has been using the Doobies’ song, “Listen to the Music” in ads for shirts without paying up. “It’s a fine song,” the letter to Murray reads. “I know you agree because you keep using it in ads for your Zero Hucks Given golf shirts. However, given that you haven’t paid to use it, maybe you should change the company name to ‘Zero Bucks Given.’”
The letter also accuses Murray’s line of cribbing tunes from other unnamed acts. “We understand that you’re running other ads using music from other of our clients. It seems like the only person who uses our clients’ music without permission more than you do is Donald Trump,” Paterno alleges. (Artists including the Rolling Stones, Neil Young, Elton John and more have objected to the Trump campaign using their music at rallies.)
The Doobies’ rep adds: “This is the part where I’m supposed to cite the United States Copyright Act, excoriate you for not complying with some subparagraph that I’m too lazy to look up and threaten you with eternal damnation for doing so. But you already earned that with those ‘Garfield’ movies. And you already know you can’t use music in ads without paying for it. We’d almost be OK with it if the shirts weren’t so damn ugly. But it is what it is. So in the immortal words of Jean Paul Sartre, ‘Au revoir Golfer. Et payez!’”
Paterno also reps Dr. Dre and Metallica. Murray’s rep did not get back to us.
Seems the Doobie Brothers think using unlicensed music is only, “What a Fool Believes.”
Filed under
bill murray
,
classic rock
,
golf
,
9/24/20
Share this article:
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Flipboard
WhatsAppClick to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to copy URL
Read Next
Ellen DeGeneres selling $10 million worth of artwork in th...
Most Popular This Week
1
'Today' contributor Bobbie Thomas' husband dead at age 42
2
Rich Miami parents losing minds over Ivanka and Jared's school choice
3
Ivanka and Jared buy $30M lot on high-security Miami island
4
Matthew McConaughey slams Hollywood 'hypocrisy' over 2020 election results
5
Blac Chyna scores legal victory against Kardashians in 'Rob & Chyna' suit
6
Inside Karlie Kloss and Joshua Kushner's new $23.5M Miami estate
Share Selection
This story has been shared 49,592 times.
49,592
Tom Brady and Gisele Bündchen
to move to Miami's 'billionaire's bunker'
This story has been shared 10,337 times.
10,337
Dorinda Medley's daughter Hannah raises concerns over 'thigh gap' video
This story has been shared 9,937 times.
9,937
'Tiny' Lister, beloved LA character actor, dead at 62
This story has been shared 5,941 times.
5,941
NYC comedy club owner slams COVID-19 'double standard' for 'SNL'
Now On
Now on Page Six Style
Two celebrity-loved brands team up for a charitable collaboration
Two celebrity-loved brands team up for a charitable collaboration
Sofia Richie models for Drake’s new OVO campaign
Sofia Richie models for Drake’s new OVO campaign
Teddi Mellencamp’s children want new shoes — and siblings — for Christmas
Teddi Mellencamp’s children want new shoes — and siblings — for Christmas
SEE ALL
Popular Shopping
Best Christmas gift baskets 2020: 28 ideas for unique holiday bundles
Best Christmas gift baskets 2020: 28 ideas for unique holiday bundles
Sur La Table takes up to 55% off luxury cookware for holiday sale
Sur La Table takes up to 55% off luxury cookware for holiday sale
Beats Solo3 headphones discounted 40 percent off for Amazon holiday deal
Beats Solo3 headphones discounted 40 percent off for Amazon holiday deal
Rocketbook smart notebooks are 25 percent off for Amazon deal
Rocketbook smart notebooks are 25 percent off for Amazon deal
Learn how you can effectively invest in Cryptocurrency with this expert-led training
Learn how you can effectively invest in Cryptocurrency with this expert-led training
Now On
Now on Decider
‘The View’ Destroys “Entitled Brat” Olivia Jade After ‘Red Table Talk’ Interview
‘The View’ Destroys “Entitled Brat” Olivia Jade After ‘Red Table Talk’ Interview
SEE ALL
More Stories
nypost
Harrison Ford to reprise 'Indiana Jones' role for fifth and final movie
page six
Tom Brady and Gisele Bündchen
to move to Miami's 'billionaire's bunker'
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
click to copy