http://pagepark.co.uk/privacy-policy
Close
Search
Popular
Architecture (97)Community (41)Conservation (34)Landscape (30)Heritage (28)Social (28)design (26)Teaching (23)Historic (23)Interior (20)
Page\Park
Menu
Projects
Practice
Thinking
Publications
News
Contact
Close
Instagram
Twitter
Follow Us
HOME
\
Privacy Policy
Back
This website is operated by Page\Park. By using and visiting our website and by submitting your personal information to us you agree to us using your personal information as set out in this privacy policy.
We respect the privacy of users of our website and recognise that when you choose to provide us with information about yourself, you trust us to act in a responsible manner with that information. This privacy policy contains important information about how we use your personal information.
What information do we collect?
At times we may request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information. Generally this information is requested when you want us to provide you with information. We may gather the following information about you:
– Name
– Email address
– IP address (a unique identifier for your computer or other device)
– Mobile device ID
– Information provided by you in relation to submitting a job application to us
How do we use it?
We will use this information in the following ways:
– To provide you with information that you have requested, e.g., newsletters
– To provide you with better ways of accessing information from this website
– To process and consider your job application
Do we pass your information to third parties?
We will not pass your information on to any third party unless we reasonably believe we are required by law, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual unlawful or otherwise prohibited activities, including, but not limited to, fraud.
How do we use your information for marketing?
We will only provide information to you that you have asked for via the website.
Where do we send your information?
Your information will be stored with Mailchimp in compliance with their privacy policy
How long do we keep your information?
We will keep your information for a reasonable period for the purposes set out above.
Cookies
We may use information obtained from cookies or similar technology. Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which we download onto your computer or device when you visit our website. Therefore, when we refer to “you” in this section we mean your computer. We can recognise these cookies on subsequent visits and they allow us to remember you.
Our website links to third-party sites which we do not operate or endorse. These websites may use cookies and collect your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies. This privacy policy does not apply to third-party websites and we are not responsible for third-party websites.
How do we protect your information?
We take appropriate measures to ensure that your personal information disclosed to us is kept secure, accurate, and up to date and kept only for so long as is necessary for the purposes for which it is used.
How to obtain a copy of your information
You are entitled to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you (for which we may charge a small fee) and to have any inaccuracies in your information corrected. Please contact us using the details set out below.
How to contact us if your information or choices change
If your personal information or your preferences change, you don’t want us to send you the information you have requested, or if you have any queries about how we use your personal information, please let us know by contacting us using the details set out below.
Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this privacy policy at any time. You are encouraged to review this privacy policy from time to time.