http://palmerind.com/privacypolicy.html
Palmer Industries Inc. Outdoor Mobility since 1973
800 847 1304
PO Box 5707 Endicott NY 13763 palmer@palmerind.com
Follow @Palmervehicles
Monday through Friday 9am-4:00pm EST
Toggle navigation
Home
Electric Mobility Scooters
Twosome Scooter
Independence Scooter
Threesome Scooter
Foursome Scooter
Hybrid Scooter
YardKart Scooter
Palmer Lite FWD
Pedal Electric Bikes and Trikes
Commander Electric Trike
Shopper Trike
Electaride Bike
Bare Adult Tricycle
Motors for Bikes and Trikes
Small Mobility Scooters
Accessories
Accessory Prices
Accessories 1
Accessories 2
Custom Colors
Contact
Contact Us
Brochure Request
Images
Testamonials
Company
FAQ
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of Palmer Industries Inc..
Our postal address is:
Palmer Industries Inc.
P O Box 5707
Endicott, NY, 13763
We can be reached via e-mail at palmer@palmerind.com or you can reach us by telephone at 800-847-1304 or 607-754-1954.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address.
With respect to cookies: We do not set any cookies. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed. We do not take orders on-line.
We do not share any information with other companies. With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically. Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them, financial information (e.g., credit card account information) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them. Consumers can access this information by e-mailing or phoning us and we will respond by phone or postal mail but we will not respond by e-mail.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, financial information and transaction information. Consumers can access this information by e-mailing or phoning us and we will respond by phone or postal mail but we will not respond by e-mail.
With respect to security: We do not transfer or receive sensitive information on our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above address or phone numbers or at state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau.
Children's Privacy Policy
Information Collected:
No area of our site is directed at children under 13 years of age, but our site asks for age-identifying information from our visitors.
We respect the privacy of children, and do not collect any more personal information than reasonably necessary to enable us to send them literature we offer on our Web site.
With respect to our online information collection practices from children under 13 years of age: We do not collect personally identifiable information.
With respect to the collection by other organizations of personal information from children at our site, our policy is: We do not have any agreements with outside organizations to collect personal information at our site.
Use and Sharing of Information:
The information we collect from children is used for fulfillment of a requested transaction and for marketing.
With respect to sharing information: We do not share children's personal information with anyone other than those who provide support for the internal operations of the Web site and our agents (e.g., contractors who provide fulfillment services or technical support to the Web site); they have agreed to maintain security and integrity of personal information.
We do not share information with third parties.
Parental Review:
Parents can review the information that we have collected from their children online, prevent the further use or maintenance of such information, or direct the deletion of their children's personal information by: calling us at the telephone number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address or writing to us at the above address.