http://palsol.com/privacy_policy.htm
Privacy Policy
PAL Solutions Ltd, its advertisers and
affiliates are committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users. Your right
to privacy is very important to us. When you choose to provide us with
information about yourself, we recognize that you trust us to act in a
responsible manner. It is our belief that this information should only be used
to help us provide you with better products and services. At times our privacy
statement might change, but the usage of the information we collect and the
policies regarding the sharing of that information will not. All updates to our
privacy statement will appear in this location. It is important to us that your
experience using our Network of sites is positive.
Cookies
We may track your visit to our site by giving
you a "cookie" when you enter. Cookies are pieces of information that
websites transfer to your computer's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. The
use of cookies is now an industry standard, and you'll find them used on most
major websites. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you
prefer, you can reset your browser either to notify you when you've received a
cookie or to refuse to accept cookies.
Use of Information
Any information you provide to our Network of
sites is maintained and accessible only by our Network. PAL Solutions uses this
information to send you information such as product updates and special offers.
PAL Solutions will not disclose any information about any individual user to
entities outside of those partners except to comply with applicable law or valid
legal process.
Sharing of Information
PAL Solutions does not sell user information
that it has collected over this website.
Opt-Out
At any time you may request to be removed from
our mailing list database. You may send e-mail to info@palsol.com.
Advertisers
This site (PAL Solutions), uses the services of
Advertising companies for the serving and/or targeting of ads, promotions and
other marketing messages. To do this, this company collects anonymous data
through the use of cookies.