https://pandhs.co.uk/legal/data-privacy-policy
Home
About
Featured Projects
Sectors
Services
News
Contact
Search
Data & Privacy Policy
Your personal data - what is it?
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data. Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controller’s possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by [the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the “GDPR”)].
Who are we?
P+HS Architects is the data controller (contact details below). This means it decides how your personal data is processed and for what purposes.
How do we process your personal data?
P+HS Architects complies with its obligations under [the GDPR] by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
What is our legal basis for processing your personal data?
Under Article 6 Para 1(f) of the GDPR gives us a lawful basis of processing data where;
“processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data, in particular where the data subject is a child”
Under Article 9 Para 2(d) of the GDPR we are permitted to process sensitive data when it is;
“carried out in the course of its legitimate activities with appropriate safeguards by a foundation, association or any other not-for-profit body with a political, philosophical, religious or trade union aim and on condition that the processing relates solely to the members or to former members of the body or to persons who have regular contact with it in connection with its purposes”
Sharing your personal data
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential, and will be shared only with P+HS Architects employees. We will only share your data with third parties outside of the P+HS Architects with your consent.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We keep your data for no longer than reasonably necessary.
We use automated processing to help inform our decision regarding this.
Your rights and your personal data
Unless subject to an exemption [under the GDPR], you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
The right to request a copy of your personal data which P+HS Architects holds about you; The right to request that P+HS Architects corrects any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for P+HS Architects to retain such data; The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office.Further processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Data Protection Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
Contact Details
To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints, please in the first instance contact use at enquiries@pandhs.co.uk.
You can contact the Information Commissioners Office on 0303 123 1113 or at the Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire. SK9 5AF.
Website cookies
In common with most other websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to help us understand how people use this website. We have created this Cookies Policy for P+HS Architects to provide you with clear and explicit information about the technologies we use on this website, and your choices when it comes to these technologies.
If you choose to use this without blocking or disabling cookies or opting out of other technologies, you will indicate your consent to our use of these cookies and other technologies and to our use of any information that we collect using these technologies. If you do not consent to the use of these technologies, please be sure to block or disable them using your browser settings.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. These text files can be read by these websites and help to identify you when you return to a website. Cookies can be “persistent” or “session” cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your computer when you have gone offline, while session cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to block and delete cookies, please visit www.aboutcookies.org/
P+HS Architects Cookies
We use our own cookies to recognise you when you visit our website. This means that we can track usage information across the areas of this website. In addition to our own cookies, we work with various reputable companies to help us analyse how the website is used, and to optimise our website to deliver the best possible experience.
The following companies help us achieve this through use of cookies:
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyse how users use our website. The information generated by these cookies (including your truncated IP address) is transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your, and other users’, use of our website, compiling reports for us on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Please note that Google only receives your truncated IP address. This is sufficient for Google to identify (approximately) the country from which you are visiting our site, but is not sufficient to identify you, or your computer or mobile device, individually.
Google cookies are those beginning “__ut”.
You can find more information here, including a link to Google’s privacy policy.
Opting Out
We think it’s important that you are able to control the collection of data relating to your use of this website, and have therefore made sure that you can opt out of any personal data collection using cookies or other technologies as set out below.
You can use the settings within your browser to control the cookies that are set on your computer or mobile device. However, please be aware that cookies are important to many aspects for the site – if you set your browser to reject cookies, you may not be able to enjoy all of the features of the site. To find out how to see what cookies have been set and how to reject and delete cookies, please visit www.aboutcookies.org.
To opt-out of analysis by Google Analytics on our website and other websites, please visit tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finding Results...