https://paperbox.org/ppc-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home > PPC Privacy Policy
The Paperboard Packaging Council (“PPC”) has adopted this Privacy Policy (“Policy”) to govern the collection, use, and storage of data.  PPC is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Policy applies to all forms of Personal Data collected by PPC whether electronic, written or oral.  By using the PPC website or providing your information to us, you consent to the data practices described in this Policy.
Collection of your Personal Data
We collect a variety of information when you visit our website and engage with our service.  This information may identify you as an individual or is information that can be linked to you as an individual (“Personal Data”). PPC collects Personal Data, such as your e-mail address, name, Company name, title, home or work address or telephone number and spouse or guest name. Paperboard Packaging Council also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by PPC. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by PPC for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the PPC Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose Personal Data or personally sensitive data through PPC public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: PPC does not read any of your private online communications.
How We Collect Personal Data
In general, a visitor will know when Personal Data is being collected because he or she will have to fill out a form, enter the data, or speak to someone on staff. In addition, we may collect Personal Data through your use of the website(s) and Apps, or any discussion boards or chat rooms.
Visitors may generally browse public portions of the PPC website anonymously without providing any detailed information.  However, Personal Data is required in connection with registering with the site or logging in to the member’s only section.  In addition, Personal Data will be requested in connection with membership registration, event activities, purchasing products or services, requesting additional information, signing up for newsletters, or submitting questions through this site.
PPC does not knowingly collect or use any Personal Data from users under 13 years of age.
Use of Your Personal Data
PPC collects and uses your personal information to operate the Web site and deliver the services you have requested. PPC also uses your Personal Data to inform you of other products or services available from PPC and its affiliates. PPC may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
PPC keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within PPC in order to determine what services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within PPC to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
How We Share Information
Except as otherwise provided herein, PPC does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.  PPC may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. PPC may provide personal information to third party agents that have been hired to help provide a requested good or service. Unless directed otherwise at the time of collection, we may also share collected personal information with third parties who may have information or services that we believe could be helpful to members or visitors.  Visitors may opt-out from the sharing of collected information by contacting PPC staff at +1-413-686-9191.
PPC does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
PPC  may disclose your Personal Data, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Paperboard Packaging Council or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Paperboard Packaging Council; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Paperboard Packaging Council, or the public.
External links
This Policy only addresses PPC’s use and disclosure of your Personal Data. The Websites and Apps may contain links to other websites, so please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites, and we are not liable for their misuse of Personal Data. We encourage you to be aware that when you go to another website you should carefully read their privacy policy.
Use of Cookies
This website uses “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you register with PPC, a cookie helps to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the PPC features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the PPC services or web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
We are committed to taking reasonable efforts to secure the information that you choose to provide us, and we use a variety of security procedures to help protect against unauthorized access to or alteration, disclosure, or destruction of Personal Data. We restrict access to Personal Data to our employees, contractors and servicers who need to know the information to operate, develop, or improve our services.
PPC secures your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.  PPC secures the Personal Data you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When Personal Data (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Unfortunately, no transmission of Personal Data over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  Accordingly, and despite our efforts, PPC cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, or to or from our online services. PPC has no responsibility or liability for the security of information transmitted via the Internet. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or the security of your Personal Data, please contact us as indicated under the “Contact Us” section below.
We retain your Personal Data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Rights in the European Economic Area
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your Personal Data.
You have the right to:
Request access to your Personal Data. This enables you to receive a copy of your Personal Data and to verify that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of your Personal Data. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your Personal Data. You may have the right to request that Personal Data we hold about you is deleted.
Object to processing of your Personal Data. You may have the right to prevent or restrict processing of your Personal Data.
Request restriction of processing of your Personal Data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your Personal Data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your Personal Data. Where technically feasible, we will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
Withdraw your consent.  However, if you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us.
How You Can Access and Change Information
PPC acknowledges that you have the right to access your Personal Data. We respect your privacy and recognize your right to limit how we contact you and share information.  We will endeavor to correct, update or remove collected Personal Data if contacted.  In case you request us to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
Upon request, PPC will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your Personal Data. You can update or correct your Personal Data or remove it from our system by making a request to us at the contact information provided below. Requests typically receive a response within thirty (30) days. If access cannot be provided within that time frame, we will provide the requesting party with an estimated date by which the information will be provided. If for some reason access is denied, we will provide an explanation of why access has been denied.
Changes to this Policy
PPC will occasionally update this Policy to reflect company and customer feedback.  PPC encourages you to periodically review this Policy to be informed of how PPC is protecting your information. Your continued use of this website shall constitute your acceptance of the Policy.
Contact Us
Questions or comments about this Policy should be directed to:
Bennett Markens, President
Paperboard Packaging Council
1350 Main Street, Suite 1508
Springfield, MA 01103
+1 (413) 686-9191
Last updated December 17, 2019
We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience.
Please read our cookie and privacy policies.Ok, I AcceptNo, give me more info