https://papersourceonline.com/meet-the-founders/guarantee-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
HomeAbout UsGuarantee & Privacy Policy
Our Guarantee
We want you to be absolutely comfortable ordering from us.  If you are not happy with anything you order, just tell us and we’ll send your money back. If it’s a printed book, we ask that you mail it back to us, and it must
be in re-saleable condition (so don’t mark it up, bend it, etc. until
you know you want to keep it).  If it’s a subscription to THE PAPER
SOURCE JOURNAL, you’ll get a pro-rated refund for the balance of your
subscription if we have sent you more than your first issue.
The
Paper Source, Inc. Online Privacy Policy
The Paper Source, Inc. is committed to maintaining your confidence
and trust, and accordingly maintains the following privacy policy
to protect personal information you provide online.
Basic Confidentiality
Policy
It is our policy
that personal information, such as your name, postal and
e-mail address or telephone number, is private and confidential.
Accordingly, the personal information you provide is encrypted stored
in a secure location, is accessible only by designated staff,
and is used only for the purposes for which you provide the
information (such as to reply to your request, or to send you information
you have asked us to send you).
We Never Keep Your Credit
Card Information
Your credit
card information is encrypted by the highest security technology
available. It is permanently deleted immediately after your order
is processed. We do not keep credit card information. That is
why, when you place another order, we ask for your credit card information
again. We do not store that information.
We May Occasionally Send
You E-Mails, But Will Not If You Do Not Want Them
If at any time
you change your mind and would like to remove your name from our
mailing list, use the “unsubscribe” link in the e-mail you received, or tell us to unsubscribe you by using the “Contact” tab at the top of the website.
No Release
of Information to Third Parties
Personal information
will not be released to third parties except to further the
purpose for which you provide the information (such as sending your name and address to a publisher so they can ship you a product) or if release is
required by law. There are no other circumstances under which
we will provide or sell personal information to third parties. We
do not rent, sell, give away, loan or make available in any way
your e-mail address or any other personal information about you.
No Computer
Tracking of Identifiable Information
Our system does
not track, collect or distribute personal information about its
visitors.  You may use a credit card for products you order
or download from our sites.  We have established the most secure
ordering process available on the Internet.
Gordon Moss’ Zoom seminar on Dec. 12, 2020!
CLOSE
Powered by WishList Member - Membership Software
Scroll to Top