http://paritor.com/index.php/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Our Terms & Conditions
Software Terms & Conditions
A copy of our latest terms and conditions can be found by clicking the button below.
View PDF
Last updated: 25/11/2020
Website Terms & Conditions
This page explains how we use any information you give to us, and the ways in which we protect your privacy. We are committed to protecting your privacy in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. Under the Data Protection Act, we have a legal duty to protect any information we collect from you. We take appropriate security measures to safeguard your data and apply security standards & controls to prevent any unauthorised access to it.
When you visit this website, your IP address, browser and version, operating system and the site you came from are stored in a log file. This information is only used for statistical purposes to help improve this site. Log files do not contain any personal information. Please refer to our Cookie Policy which details how we use cookies to sometimes collect personal information in order to improve your experience of our website and to help us make improvements to our website. If you send us an e-mail message or complete an on-line form, we will use your e-mail/postal address and any information you provide to deal with and respond to your query or comments. This information may be disclosed to the appropriate person in order to deal with or respond to your message.
We may collect information that you give to us in consultations, surveys, competitions or questionnaires. Whenever we do this we will inform you of what your information will be used for and to whom it will be disclosed. We may share non-personal, statistical or summary information with organisations working in partnership with us, such as health authorities or local councils. This privacy statement applies only to websites belonging to and operated by Paritor Ltd. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of third party web sites that may be linked to our web pages.
1
M+
Lessons Managed
200
K+
Users
9000
Teachers
90
Customers
Compton House, Exeter, Devon, EX2 7HU
info@paritor.co.uk
+44 (0)1392 796575
www.paritor.com
Site
Features
Products
Register
Company
About us
Blog
Careers
Caring for your Data
Contact us
FAQ
Support
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
© 2020 Paritor. All Rights Reserved
Home
Features
Modules
Register
Contact
Company
About Us
Blog
Your Data
Support
System Requirements
Training
FAQ