http://paritor.com/index.php/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Our
Privacy Policy
Who We Are
Paritor Ltd gather and process your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice and in compliance with the relevant data protection Regulation and laws. This notice provides you with the necessary information regarding your rights and our obligations, and explains how, why and when we process your personal data.
Paritor Ltd registered office is at Ground Floor, Compton House, 11 Park5, Exeter, Devon EX2 7HU and we are a company registered in England and Wales under company number 11026754.
Information That We Collect
Paritor Ltd processes your personal information to meet our legal, statutory and contractual obligations and to provide you with our products and services. We will never collect any unnecessary personal data from you and do not process your information in any way, other than as specified in this notice.
The personal data that we collect from you is:-
Name,
Job Title,
Business Email,
Business Telephone Number,
Organisation,
Organisation address.
We collect information in the following ways:
Face-to-Face,
Telephone,
In Writing,
Email/SMS,
Electronic (i.e. via website form).
How We Use Your Personal Data (Legal Basis for Processing)
Paritor Ltd takes your privacy very seriously and will never disclose, share or sell your data without your consent; unless required to do so by law. We only retain your data for as long as is necessary and for the purpose(s) specified in this notice. Where you have consented to us providing you with promotional offers and marketing, you are free to withdraw this consent at any time.
The purposes and reasons for processing your personal data are detailed below:-
We collect your personal data in the performance of a contract or to provide a service and to ensure that orders are completed and can be sent out to your preferred address
We will occasionally send you marketing information where we have assessed that it is beneficial to you as a customer and in our interests. Such information will be non-intrusive and is processed on the grounds of legitimate interests
Your Rights
You have the right to access any personal information that Paritor Ltd processes about you and to request information about:
What personal data we hold about you. The purposes of the processing.
The categories of personal data concerned.
The recipients to whom the personal data has/will be disclosed.
How long we intend to store your personal data for.
If we did not collect the data directly from you, information about the source.
If you believe that we hold any incomplete or inaccurate data about you, you have the right to ask us to correct and/or complete the information and we will strive to do so as quickly as possible; unless there is a valid reason for not doing so, at which point you will be notified.
You also have the right to request erasure of your personal data or to restrict processing (where applicable) in accordance with the data protection laws; as well as to object to any direct marketing from us. Where applicable, you have the right to data portability of your information and the right to be informed about any automated decision-making we may use.
If we receive a request from you to exercise any of the above rights, we may ask you to verify your identity before acting on the request; this is to ensure that your data is protected and kept secure.
Sharing and Disclosing Your Personal Information
We do not share or disclose any of your personal information without your consent, other than for the purposes specified in this notice or where there is a legal requirement. Paritor Ltd uses a third party to provide the below services and business functions; however, all processors acting on our behalf only process your data in accordance with instructions from us and comply fully with this privacy notice, the data protection laws and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
Third Parties
We use Microsoft PLC to provide data hosting and management services via use of their Office 365 product. They act in the capacity of a processor on our behalf. The only information we provide them with is your name, address and order details to meet business and legal requirements. Please note below the Privacy Notices of all third party organisations we use operationally:
For more information about Microsoft PLC, please read their Privacy Notice at
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/trustcenter
For more information about Xero Ltd, please read their Privacy Notice at
https://www.xero.com/uk/about/terms/privacy/
Safeguarding Measures
Paritor Ltd takes your privacy seriously and takes every reasonable measure and precaution to protect and secure your personal data. We work hard to protect you and your information from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction and have several layers of security measures in place.
Transfers Outside the EU
Personal data in the European Union is protected by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) but some other countries may not necessarily have the same high standard of protection for your personal data. Paritor Ltd does not transfer or store any personal data outside the EU.
Consequences of Not Providing Your Data
You are not obligated to provide your personal information to Paritor Ltd however, as this information is required for us to provide you with our services, we will not be able to offer all our services without it.
Legitimate Interests
As noted in the ‘How We Use Your Personal Data’ section of this notice, we occasionally process your personal information under the legitimate interests’ legal basis. Where this is the case, we have carried out a thorough Legitimate Interests’ Assessment (LIA) to ensure that we have weighed your interests and any risk posed to you against our own interests; ensuring that they are proportionate and appropriate.
An example of when we would use the legitimate interests’ legal basis for processing your personal information, would be in the event of direct marketing within the legislation’s scope. This would include contacting you with regards to commercial interests that would be directly beneficial to your business.
Paritor Ltd will occasionally send you information by which has have been identified as being beneficial to our customers and in our interests. Such information will be relevant to you as a customer and is non-intrusive and you will always have the option to opt-out/unsubscribe at any time.
How Long We Keep Your Data
Paritor Ltd only ever retains personal information for as long as is necessary and we have strict review and retention policies in place to meet these obligations.
Where you have consented to us using your details for direct marketing, we will keep such data until you notify us otherwise and/or withdraw your consent.
Special Categories Data
Paritor Ltd will not process sensitive personal information (known as special category data) about you.
Marketing
Occasionally, Paritor Ltd would like to contact you with information regarding products and services that we provide. If you consent to us using your contact details for this purpose, you have the right to modify or withdraw your consent at any time by using the opt-out/unsubscribe options or by contacting Paritor Ltd directly.
If you would like to receive this information please confirm using the provided consent options.
Lodging A Complaint
Paritor Ltd only processes your personal information in compliance with this privacy notice and in accordance with the relevant data protection laws. If, however you wish to raise a complaint regarding the processing of your personal data or are unsatisfied with how we have handled your information, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
1
M+
Lessons Managed
200
K+
Users
9000
Teachers
90
Customers
Compton House, Exeter, Devon, EX2 7HU
info@paritor.co.uk
+44 (0)1392 796575
www.paritor.com
Site
Features
Products
Register
Company
About us
Blog
Careers
Caring for your Data
Contact us
FAQ
Support
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
© 2020 Paritor. All Rights Reserved
Home
Features
Modules
Register
Contact
Company
About Us
Blog
Your Data
Support
System Requirements
Training
FAQ