http://parkell.bspny.us/terms-conditions#legal
Home
Terms & Conditions
TERMS & CONDITIONSTrial Period  |  Warranty  |  Return Policy  |  Privacy Policy  |  Legal  |  Other Policies   PRICESPrices shown do not include delivery charges, insurance or local sales tax. Since we continually improve and update our products, we reserve the right to make changes in product design without prior notice, and we have no obligation to accept prior models for alteration, exchange or credit. Orders will always be filled with the latest available model. Discounts are valid only on merchandise purchases made directly through Parkell. Possession of this catalog does not constitute an offer to sell. We reserve the right to correct any clerical omission or error. Moreover, unless you are viewing the most recent version of Parkell Today, the prices indicated may not reflect current prices.ACCOUNT TERMSCredit cards are accepted for payment only at the time the order is placed. Overdue accounts will be subject to a 1.5% monthly interest charge.TRIAL PERIODOur "Risk-Free” trial period is designed to encourage dental professionals to see how our products work in their own hands. The trial period applies only to a single unit of a product purchased for the first time by a customer (“new product”) and only if the new product is purchased directly from Parkell. The trial period does not apply to certified, refurbished products purchased from Parkell (though all standard warranties apply). Moreover, different delivery systems and/or different shades or colors of a previously-purchased product do not constitute new products that are eligible for the trial period. Credits/refunds will be issued for returned trial period items if they are returned within their allowed trial period, are in their original packaging with all accessories, and are undamaged and unaltered. Devices returned should be suitably cushioned and protected against internal rattling, scuffing, and damage in transit, and should be over-packed in a corrugated shipping carton (never use paper envelopes or padded “jiffy” bags as outer packing). Failure to properly protect the product during shipping could result in the return not being accepted by us and the customer will not receive credit. (Please note: Express shipping will not be reimbursed). The trial period does not apply to the following Parkell products: mixing tips, hedgehog burs, scaler inserts, and separately-ordered accessories for any Parkell devices (such as, but not limited to, electrodes and batteries).WARRANTYProducts claimed to be defective and found by us, on inspection, to be defective due to a manufacturing defect or other fault of ours will be repaired or replaced at our option according to the terms of the original warranty. Repairs or parts replacements made during a warranty period do not extend the warranty beyond the original expiration date. Warranty repairs must be returned by customer, carefully packed in the manner described in the "Trial Period" section of the “Terms of Sale”, with shipping charges prepaid. Unauthorized alterations, misuse, abuse or failure to follow operating instructions supplied with any given product automatically voids all warranties extended at time of sale.The 2-year power unit warranty for Parkell® curing lights covers the unit, the charging stand, and the power transformer; however, the clear plastic lenses, barrier sleeves, tacking lenses, and batteries of the curing light are not covered under the warranty.The 5-Year power unit warranty for Parkell digital and analog pulp vitality testers covers the units themselves. Probes, probe tips, ground wires, and ground lip clips for Parkell pulp testers have 1-year warranties. Batteries for Parkell pulp testers are not covered under the warranty.The 5-Year power unit warranty for Parkell apex locators covers the unit itself. Reamer holders, cables, lip clip grounds, test plugs, and quick-test probes for Parkell apex locators have 1-year warranties. Batteries for Parkell apex locators are not covered under the warranty.The 5-Year power unit warranty for Parkell’s Sensimatic® covers the unit itself and foot pedal. Handpieces and cables, indifferent plates, and cables for the Sensimatic have 1-year warranties. Electrodes for the Sensimatic are not covered under the warranty.The 1-Year power unit warranty for Parkell Periosonic covers the unit itself; however, bottles and filters are not covered under than warranty.The 5-Year power unit warranty for Parkell scalers covers the unit themselves. Scaler handpieces, foot pedals, external cables, and power transformers for Parkell scalers have 1-year warranties. Batteries, water filters, hand piece sheaths, and fluid bottles for any Parkell product are not covered under the stated warranties.Parkell® scalers which are claimed to be defective based on improper performance with non-Parkell® inserts, and found by us to function properly with Parkell® inserts, will not be repaired, replaced, or considered for return, exchange, replacement or credit/refund; such devices will be returned to the customer at the customer’s cost and the customers shall be responsible for Parkell’s costs associated with inspecting the device.WARRANTY vs TRIAL PERIODDo not confuse warranty period with trial period. Extended warranties of one to five years do not extend the duration of any trial period.THE WARRANTIES DESCRIBED ABOVE ARE IN LIEU OF ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PURPOSE OR OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. Parkell does not accept liability for any loss or damage, direct, consequential or otherwise, arising out of the use of or the inability to use any of our products. Before using any product, the user shall determine the suitability of the product for its intended use and the user assumes all the risk and liability whatsoever in connection with such use.PoliciesPRIVACY POLICYParkell knows that your privacy is important. We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. We may collect personally identifiable information when you visit our Site. We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page(s) you visited. We also collect personally identifiable information when you place an order on our Site. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to anyone and will only give that information to a third party in order to process payment of an order, unless otherwise required by law.SECURITY NOTICEWhen you submit personal information to Parkell through the Site, Parkell encrypts the information using SSL (secure sockets layer) encryption technology, which is the industry standard for protecting information that passes over the web. In turn, we use SSL encryption to ensure that none of your personally identifiable information, including credit card information, name and address, can be read by any third party, other than our credit card processor.RETURN POLICYParkell offers a 45 day risk-free trial period on most of our products, as noted on each product page. Parkell’s risk-free trial period is designed to encourage dentists to see how products work in their own hands. The program only applies to products purchased for the first time, and only to products purchased directly from Parkell. “On trial” products must be returned punctually within the trial period allowed. Unless carefully packed in the original inner and outer packaging (or equivalent), the return will not be accepted by us.Products will only be considered for refund, credit or exchange if authorized by Parkell prior to their return. If appropriate, exchanges or credits are issued, and refunds are made generally by the method in which payment was received, only after the product has been received and inspected by Parkell. To arrange for a return, please call our Customer Service department at 1-800-243-7446.Do not confuse warranty period with trial period. Extended warranties of one to five years do not extend the return privilege offered in a trial period. Special products, for example, ultrasonic inserts or autoclavable sheaths, as noted, are not available for trial, return or refund. They are considered expendable products. Products outside the trial period claimed to be defective, and found by us on inspection to be defective due to a manufacturing defect or other fault of ours, will be repaired or replaced at our option according to the terms of the original warranty. Overage products near to or outside the expiration date for usage will not be considered for return, exchange, replacement or credit/refund.RETURN POLICY (for NON-trial period purchases)Most Parkell products that are purchased directly from Parkell and which are returned to Parkell in unused, unopened condition within 30 days of the invoice date qualify for a credit or refund for the product. Note that it is the purchaser’s responsibility to pay return shipping costs and Parkell will not credit or refund the shipping costs on the original invoice. Products returned to Parkell must be carefully packed by the customer in the manner described in the "Trial Period" section of the “Terms of Sale”.OTHER POLICIESSince our products are continually updated, we reserve the right to make changes in product design or handling without prior notice, without the obligation to accept prior models for alteration, exchange or credit. Orders will always be filled with the latest available model of any given product.Prices shown on this Site are for US customers only and are in US dollars. They do not include delivery charges, insurance or local sales tax.We reserve the right to correct any clerical omissions or errors in the Site. Prices are subject to change without notice.Unauthorized alterations, misuse, abuse or failure to follow operating instructions supplied with any given product automatically voids all warranties or trial period privileges extended at time of sale.LegalParkell, Inc. (hereinafter "Parkell") maintains this site (the "Site") for your personal entertainment, information, education and communication. Please feel free to browse the Site. You may download material displayed on the Site for noncommercial, personal use only. You should assume that everything you see or read on the Site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, repost or use the content of the Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio and video without Parkell's written permission.While Parkell uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information in the Site, Parkell makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. Parkell assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the Site, including the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, reliability or availability of any information you receive as a result of your use of the Site.Your use of and browsing in the Site are at your risk. Neither Parkell nor any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, special or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site.Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site and data available to you through the Site is provided to you "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Parkell also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable, for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from the Site.The trademarks, logos and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed on the Site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Parkell and others.Parkell has not reviewed all the sites linked to the Site and is not responsible for the content of any other sites linked to the Site. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk, and is subject to these terms and conditions.This Site may from time to time contain information relating to various medical, health and fitness conditions. This is for informational purposes only and is not meant to be a substitute for the advice provided by your own dental professional or other medical professional. You should not use the information contained herein for diagnosing a health problem or disease. You should always consult your own dental and medical advisors.  Back to Top