https://part11solutions.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home / Privacy Policy
We collect information from you when you fill out a form.
We may collect your Name, Title, Company, Street Address, City, State, Country, Zip Code, Phone, IP address and/or Email address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience.
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To send periodic emails to inform you of CIMCON products and services (you can opt out of receiving such emails)
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, as long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
Third party links
We may provide links to third party web sites that provide newsworthy events that we feel would be of interest to our visitors. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will publish a revised policy on this website.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us at:
CIMCON Software
239 Littleton Road,
Westford, MA 01886, USA
Tel: +1 (978) 464 9180
Email: info@cimcon.com
© Copyright 2020 CIMCON Software. All rights reserved.
|
Privacy Policy