https://patons.com.au/privacy-policy/
No products in the cart.
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Application
This privacy policy applies to Patons Macadamia Plantations Pty Ltd ACN 007 170 943 and each of its subsidiaries and related bodies corporate (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) who are collectively referred to as “Patons” in this policy.
Privacy
Patons respects your right to privacy under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and is required to comply with the Australian Privacy Principles in respect of the collection of personal information from individuals. Set out below is our policy regarding the collection and storage of your information.
The information we collect
The sort of personal information we might collect from you includes your name, gender, age, address, email address, third party services login (e.g. Facebook, Google+, Microsoft or LinkedIn user names), telephone number, fax number, credit card information, order and purchase history with us and information about your areas of interest. For current and prospective employees, we will also collect information including emergency contacts, bank and superannuation accounts and prior employment history.
Consequence of not providing information
You have no obligation to provide personal information which you do not wish to disclose. In some circumstances, however, if we do not have the required  personal information we may  be unable to provide you with employment or access to goods or services that require the collection of that information.
How you can access, delete or correct personal information
Patons will take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information it collects, uses or discloses is accurate, complete and up-to-date. You may request access to the personal information we hold about you. If you believe that the personal information we hold about you is incomplete or inaccurate, then you may ask us to amend it. You may at any time request us to delete the personal information that we hold about you. If you ask us to delete any personal information that we hold about you, then this may affect our ability to provide you with goods or services, either in whole or in part.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about our policy, wish to access or change your personal information or have any complaint regarding treatment of your privacy by us, please contact us at privacy@patons.com.au.
Use of Cookies
Our website does not use cookies to collect your personal information. Cookies are only used to complete orders on our site. A ‘cookie’ is a small file which contains a piece of text identifying your browser to our site. It is quite common for online shopping sites to send such a ‘cookie’, and its purpose is to tell us that a previous visitor to www.patons.com.au has returned.
How we use the information
The information that you provide to us is generally used to enable us to provide goods or services to you. Patons may also use your personal information and aggregate it with information from other customers to better understand its customers, the effectiveness of its services or to provide you with better service such as by advising you of new products and services or information which may be of interest to you. You have the right to tell us that you do not want us to send information to you other than for the main purpose for which we have collected your personal information.
For current and prospective employees of Patons, personal information is used to decide whether to offer employment and to manage the employment relationship. It can also be used to conduct various pre-employment checks.
Disclosure to third parties
Patons does not generally disclose personal information to third parties. In some circumstances personal information may be disclosed to third parties who perform services on behalf of Paton’s for the purpose of providing you with goods and services or, in the case of current and prospective employees, to assist Patons in the management of the employment relationship. Patons requires third parties who receive your personal information to comply with Australian Privacy laws. Patons does not sell or rent any personal information.
Credit collection
This statement below sets out important information about credit reporting that is relevant to you if you are an individual applying for credit or we deal with you in connection with credit applied for by, or provided to, another customer – for example, if you are a guarantor or proposed guarantor for the credit.
We may disclose personal information about you in connection with your credit related dealings with us to credit reporting bodies. Those credit reporting bodies may include that information in reports that they provide to other credit provides to assist them in assessing your credit worthiness.
For example, if you fail to meet your payment obligations to us in relation to consumer credit, or if you commit a serious credit infringement in relation to consumer credit provided by us, we may be entitled to disclose this information to credit reporting bodies.
Storage of information
The personal information obtained by Patons is stored electronically on servers either controlled by Patons or by its contracted third parties who are also bound to comply with the Australian Privacy Principles.
Patons takes measures to ensure your personal information is protected from unauthorised access, loss, misuse, disclosure or alteration. We also take measures to destroy or permanently de-identify personal information when it is no longer required. The types of measures we take vary with the type of information, and how it is collected and stored.
Overseas storage
Most personal information held by Patons is held on computer systems located within the Commonwealth of Australia. From time to time information may be stored on servers which are located overseas. When this occurs, Patons ensures that the third party web storage provider will not use the information other than to assist us in the providing the services to you and that they are bound to comply with the Australian Privacy Principles or more stringent standards. The countries in which such servers are located are typically either Singapore or the United States of America.
Links
This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by Patons and may differ from the policies from other sites that you may link to from this site. We recommend that you read the privacy policy of any site that you link to from this site.
More Information
More information about privacy law and privacy principles is available from the Privacy Commissioner. The Privacy Commissioner may be contacted at www.oaic.gov.au or by emailing enquiries@oaic.gov.au.
Security Policy
At Patons we consider the security of your information to be of paramount importance. We have implemented security measures designed to provide the peace of mind you should expect when purchasing goods over the internet.
From our website we use a payment gateway called SecurePay. Patons Online uses SecurePay’s Internet Payment Gateway to provide a secure environment for the authorisation of credit card transactions over the Internet. Confidential information including client credit card details are encrypted the moment they are transmitted from the client’s browser to the banking network using industry standard SSL 128-bit RC4 encryption technology.
A client’s credit card details are not stored anywhere on the Internet and the only company who has access to this data is the merchant’s bank. The bank also sends confirmation information via the same encryption technology back to the client’s browser. These secure processes provide clients with peace of mind when purchasing on-line. Patons does not have access to a customer’s credit card number that is entered via the on-line store.
© Patons Group 2018 | Website by Emote
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions