https://pattestingservices.com/privacy-policy/
sales@pattestingservices.com
PAT Testing Services Ltd.211 Uxbridge Road, Ealing, W13 9AA
Privacy Policy
Pat Testing Services Ltd understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about  how your personal data is used. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits this website, www.pattestingservices.com. (“Our Site”) and will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a way that is consistent with our obligations and your rights under the law.
How Do You Use My Personal Data?
Under the GDPR, we must always have a lawful basis for using personal data. This may be because the data is necessary for our performance of a contract with you, because you have consented to our use of your personal data, or because it is in our legitimate business interests to use it. Your personal data may be used for all the following purposes:
Providing and managing your Account;
Personalising and tailoring your requirements & needs
Contacting you when retests are due
We will not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. Your personal data will therefore be kept for  no fixed period.
Do You Share My Personal Data?
We will not share any of your personal data with any third parties for any purposes, subject to two  important exceptions.
In some limited circumstances, we may be legally required to share certain personal data, which might include yours, if we are involved in legal proceedings or complying with legal obligations, a court order, or the instructions of a government authority.
We may use a sub contractor, but only with your knowledge & permission
What Data Do We Collect?
Depending upon your use of Our Site, we may collect some or all of the following personal and non-personal data.
Name;
Gender;
Address;
Email address;
Telephone number;
Business name;
Job title;
Profession;
Payment information;
4. How Can I Access My Personal Data?
If you want to know what personal data we have about you, you can ask us for details of that personal data and for a copy of it. This is known as a “subject access request”.
All subject access requests should be made in writing and sent to the email or postal addresses shown below and be addressed ‘\subject Access Request’
Email address: manny@pattestingservices.com
Telephone number: 0800 458 5041
Postal Address: 211 Uxbridge Road Ealing London W13 9AA
Before any information is provided, we will contact you first & check the information we provide is going to the correct person, & not trying to be accessed by someone else.
Widget Footer
Please use widget to setup this text box. Please use widget to setup this text box. Please use widget to setup this text box. Please use widget to setup this text box.
Widget Footer
Please use widget to setup this text box. Please use widget to setup this text box. Please use widget to setup this text box. Please use widget to setup this text box.
Widget Footer
Please use widget to setup this text box. Please use widget to setup this text box. Please use widget to setup this text box. Please use widget to setup this text box.
© 2012 Simple Grid Theme
All Rigts Reserved. Design and Developed by Dessign.net Inspired by
el-studio.co.uk
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By continuing to browse this site you give consent for cookies to be used.
Continue
Find out more »