https://pavesemccormick.com/privacy-policy/
732-247-9800
info@pavesemccormick.com
Distracted Driving
Account Claims & Service
Get a Quote
Pay Now
Home
Commercial
Commercial Insurance
Business Insurance
Commercial Property
General Liability
Commercial Auto
Workers’ Compensation
Commercial Umbrella
Business Owners Policy
Surety Bonds
Business Flood Insurance
Earthquake Insurance for Business
Industries Served
Personal
Personal Insurance
Vehicle
Auto
Classic Car
Boat
Motorsport and ATV
RV and Mobile Home
Home
Renters
Condo
Landlord Protection
Flood Protection
Earthquake Insurance
Personal Umbrella
Life Insurance
Health Insurance
Resources
Resources
Companies We Represent
Testimonials
Glossary
Helpful Links
Knowledge center
Careers
Why PMA
About Us
Our Team
Blog
Contact Us
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website or one of our blogs. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Pavese-McCormick Agency, Inc.
3759 US Highway 1, Suite 200
Monmouth Junction, NJ 08852
erica@pavesemccormick.com
Our mission is to help you find the right combination of tailored, personalized insurance coverage at just the right price to fit your needs.
3759 US Highway 1, Suite 200, Monmouth Junction, NJ 08852
732-247-9800
info@pavesemccormick.com
Main informationHome
Commercial
Personal
Resources
Why PMA
Blog
Contact Us
Recent posts
April 30, 2020 0Welcome to our new website!
April 15, 2020 0What is an Ice Dam and How do They Form?
April 1, 2020 0Pavese-McCormick, A Founding Member of ANE!