http://paymentonline.com/onlinepayment/creditcardprocessing/privacy.php
Contact Sale Manager David Ashbourne
(646) 770-1440
at paymentonline.com
Toggle navigation
Home
Pricing
Credit Card Processing
Accept Online Payment
Merchants
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Our Pledge:
Payment Online Credit Card Processing Credit Card Processing is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy
of others.
The following policies apply to our website visitors, our newsletter
subscribers, our customers, individuals or groups on our opt-in
announcement list, and individuals or groups who order or download
guides or white papers from our web pages.
We pledge to guard your personal
information in accordance with our privacy policy and respect the
confidentiality of all visitor or subscriber data submitted to Payment
Online.
We respect the privacy and confidentiality of all information and
pledge not to sell, loan or give any personal data to third parties.
Website browser cookies that anonymously remember your computer or mobile
device when you visit our website which is used to keep track of browsing options, choices, and patterns
and help us to build up a blue print of how you use our website will be limited to non personal use and will not be shared in an inappropriate way. We will also not use such information to directly target advertising to you, other than what Google would already use for Google ad servers.
If and when we would use login or account service cookies that help us to make our website work as
efficiently as possible for instances in senarios where we need to track
registration and login information or sessions, we will do so responsibly and remember your settings preferences; and meter the number of pages you
view for the purpose of enhancing Payment Online Credit Card Processing.
We do use google
advertising and analytics javascripts and cookies, which are placed
by or on behalf of independent advertisers who are advertising on our
site via the advertising syndication and Adwords. These cookies may be placed within the advertisement and elsewhere
on our site without any direct involvement or even knowledge or recording by us. They are anonymous – they cannot identify individuals specifically or directly or in any manner to disclose your personal information.
They are used for statistical analysis by allowing metrics and actuarial science to be applied for and on behalf of the advertiser to
count how many people have seen their advertisement or have seen it more
than once, sessions and bounce rate ratios. They might also allow the advertiser to tailor advertising
to you when you visit other websites.
All personal and communications data will be kept confidential
and secured from any third party marketing use.
On occasion, you may be requested to evaluate the content and quality
of our periodicals to better tailor our newsletters and information
items to subscriber needs.
We may also use the information you provide for such purposes as
responding to requests, improving our website, and direct communication
with subscribers.
Again, your personal data will not be shared with any third party,
except where you have already signed agreement with the other party
- such as your merchant account bank, if it applies to the services
that you procure from Payment Online Credit Card Processing.
We respect the intention and purpose
for which our clients submit any personal data. In
accordance with our policy, we will not use any information for
any means other than stated or implied (i.e., customer care, technical
support, account management, etc.).
On occasion, we may contact select individuals who have requested
information for marketing/sales/research purposes.
If, upon contact, an individual expresses a desire to receive no
further contact from the company, these wishes will be respected.
We do not ask our Web site visitors with the choice to have their
names added to a marketing list.
We respect the right of our clients. All computer files that contain
our customers business information will be stored in protected areas
accessible only to necessary personnel. We
take this very, very seriously.
Payment Online, L.L.C.
450 W 17th Street
New York, NY 10011 U.S.A.
About
Our Services
Executive Team
Solutions
Payment Methods
About Us
Contact Us
Blog
Credit Card Integration
Credit Card Processing
Merchant Credit Cards
Industry Regulations
PCI Compliance
Risk Insurance Payment Processing
VISA Regulations
MASTERCARD Regulations
American Express Regulations
Payment Processing Regulations
Newsletter
Join Payment Online Newsletter Community
Legal
Fraud Protection
VISA Acceptance
Breach Protection
Terms
Privacy