https://paysage.com/privacy-policy/
SIGN IN YOUR ACCOUNT TO HAVE ACCESS TO DIFFERENT FEATURES
USERNAME
PASSWORD
Remember Me
CREATE AN ACCOUNT
FORGOT YOUR PASSWORD?
FORGOT YOUR DETAILS?
USERNAME OR EMAIL
CREATE ACCOUNT
USERNAME
EMAIL
PASSWORD
CONFIRM PASSWORD
ALREADY HAVE AN ACCOUNT?
DON’T MISS OUT! SUBSCRIBE OUR E-MAILSBe the first to get the latest updates for new products, sales, newsletters, blog posts and so much more straight to your email inbox.
Leave this field empty if you're human:
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Paysage, Inc. ("Company", "We" and “us”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website www.paysage.com (our "Website") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect through our Website and in email, text and other electronic messages between you and our Website. It does not apply to information collected by us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using our Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of our Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number; credit card and other financial information; and content reviews ("personal information");
that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as product preferences;
about people to whom purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone numbers; and/or
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
From third parties, for example, our business partners.
Information You Provide to Us.
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, posting material, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website.
Your search queries on the Website.
Whether or not you provide such information is completely your own choice. But if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to purchase products, or access certain services, offers, and content on our Website.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, "posted") on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, "User Contributions"). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. We cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies.
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including (i) details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website; and information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). For example, our Website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help us analyze how users use our Website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our Website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our Website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of our Website. By using our Website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For more information on how Google uses data you may visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. You can also opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics with effect for the future by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for your current web browser: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
The information we collect automatically may include personal information, or we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to estimate our audience size and usage patterns, store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests, speed up your searches, and/or recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
Web Beacons. Pages of our the Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your account.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third-parties' goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please opt-out by sending us an email stating your request to website@paysage.com. For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them such as for credit card clearance, order fulfillment, delivery, data analysis or customer support.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Paysage, Inc.'s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Paysage, Inc. about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have consented to these disclosures. We contractually require these third parties to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them. For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us an email address to use the "email a friend" feature of our Website, we will transmit the contents of that email and your email address to the recipients.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information (i) to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request; (ii) to enforce or apply our Website Terms of Use [URL LINK TO WEBSITE'S TERMS OF USE] or Terms of Sale [URL LINK TO WEBSITE'S TERMS OF SALE] and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; and/or (iii) if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Paysage, Inc., our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Disclosure of Your Information for Third-Party Advertising. If you do not want us to share your personal information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional purposes, you can opt-out by sending us an email stating your request to website@paysage.com.
Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your email address/contact information used by the Company to promote our own or third parties' products or services, you can opt-out by sending us an email stating your request to website@paysage.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions. This opt out does not apply to information provided to the Company as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions.
We may need to contact you via phone, email or mail to address questions or issues specific to your order, entry, etc., even if you have opted out of receiving marketing communications from us.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer technology (SSL). SSL encrypts your credit card number, name and address so only we are able to decode your information. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Website like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on our Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of our Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at website@paysage.com.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to website@paysage.com or write us at: 1908 Eastwood Road, Suite 116, Wilmington, NC 28403.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You can review and change your personal information by logging into the Website and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at website@paysage.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
If you delete your User Contributions from the Website, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Website users. Proper access and use of information provided on the Website, including User Contributions, is governed by our Website Terms of Use [URL LINK TO WEBSITE'S TERMS OF USE].
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may change this privacy policy at any time. Please take a look at the "Last Modified" legend at the top of this page to see when this privacy policy was last revised. Any changes to this privacy policy will become effective on the "Last Modified" date indicated above. By using our Website or providing information to us following such changes, you will have accepted the revised privacy policy.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
1908 Eastwood Road, Suite 116
Wilmington, NC 28403
website@paysage.com
NEWSLETTER
Leave this field empty if you're human:
PAYSAGE HOMEBOUTIQUEINTERIOR DESIGN SERVICES
CONTACT USPaysage Wilmington:1908 Eastwood Road,Wilmington, NC 28403910-256-6050                                                Mon-Sat: 10 am-6 pm
Paysage Raleigh:4151 Main at North Hills Street, Suite 120,Raleigh, NC 27609984-200-9113                                                         Mon- Sat: 10 am-6 pm - Sun: 12 pm-5 pm
website@paysage.com
FOLLOW US
© Paysage | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Shipping Information | Design Interventions
TOP