https://pcforms.com/privacy?osCsid=7276be6aeb0f9b6e03f783c38ea97d9f
Cart Contents
Checkout
My Account
800-982-3676
Menu
LABELSBlank Shipping LabelsIntegrated LabelsBlank Return Labels
Laser & Inkjet Labels
White Permanent Uncoated
Color Permanent Uncoated
Fluorescent Permanent Uncoated
Poly Laser White
11x17 White Permanent Uncoated
Direct Thermal LabelsThermal Transfer Labels
POSTCARDS
Four-of-a-Kind (4up)
Jumbo (2up)
Utility (4up)
Single (1up)
Double Postcards (2up)
Eight-of-a-Kind (8UP)
DOOR HANGERS
DH3UP-CIR (perfed circle)
DH3UP-MP (perfed 'x')
DH3UP-POC (punched out circle)
DH3UP-POP (pop-out circle)
DH6UP-CIR (perfed circle)
Hangers with Cards
Hangers with Postcards
DH2UPP-CIR (perfed circle)
IRS TAX FORMS
W2's
1099MISC
1099NEC
1099INT
1099R
1099S
ACA FORMS
MAILING
EDDM
Fundraising Sets
Inserts
Invoice Forms
Mailers w/Reply Card
Note Cards, Greeting Cards
Survey Sets
OTHER PRODUCTS
Church Bulletins
PrinTable POP Cards
PrinTable Tent Cards
Veterinary Prescription Labels
BiFolds
Bookmarks
Brochures
Chain of Custody Forms
Inventory Tags
Membership / ID Cards
Pharmacy Labels
Programs, Menus, Tent Cards
Seasonal Products
Tags
Recycled Products
TEMPLATES
Packing Slip Templates
Templates For Microsoft® Office
Home
Privacy
Privacy
Privacy Policy - Burris Computer Forms1) GeneralBurris Computer Forms respects the privacy of every individual who visits our websites or responds to our guestbooks, contests, or interactive advertisements. This Privacy statement outlines the information Burris Computer Forms will collect and how we will use that information. This Statement will inform you what to do if you do not want your personal information to be shared or divulged when you visit a Burris Computer Forms website or respond to our advertising. Burris Computer Forms reserves the right to change this policy at any time by posting a new privacy policy at this location, and your continued use of our website indicates your acceptance of such changed terms.2) Personally- Identifiable InformationBurris Computer Forms will not collect any personally-identifiable information about you (that is your name, address, telephone number, or email address) unless you provide it voluntarily and knowingly.If you do submit personally identifiable information we will use it in the following ways, unless stated otherwise: we may store and process that information to better understand your needs, and how we can improve our products and services; we may use that information to contact you. We will not give or sell your individual information to any outside company for its use in marketing or solicitation and we will maintain the confidentiality of your personal information and it will only be used to support your relationship with Burris Computer Forms Unfortunately, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy statement. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us to legal liability. Therefore, although we will protect your privacy as described in this Privacy Policy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that all your personally identifiable information or private communications will remain private.3) Children (under thirteen)Burris Computer Forms has no intention of collecting any personally identifiable information (that is your name, address, telephone number, or email address) from individuals under thirteen years of age through this website. The Burris Computer Forms websites that do collect information from Children do so in accordance with the privacy policies located at such websites. Please review such privacy policies when entering those sites. Where appropriate Burris Computer Forms will instruct children not to submit information to our websites or advertisements. If a child has provided us with personally identifiable information a parent or guardian should contact us at the e-mail address listed at the bottom of this statement if they want this information to be deleted from the records. We will use all reasonable efforts to delete the child's information from our existing files.4) Non- Personally - Identifiable Information Collected AutomaticallyIn some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally-identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the internet browser you a using, the type of operating system, and the domain name of the website which linked you to our site. When you view one of our websites we may store information from time to time on your computer. These "Cookies" allow us to tailor a website or advertisement to better match your interests and preferences. With most Internet Browsers you can block, receive a warning or erase all "Cookies" from your hard drive. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. We also collect an IP address from all visitors to our website. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our website, analyze trends, track users' movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are also not linked to personally identifiable information.5) Opting Out of Receiving Communications from Us Burris Computer Forms may send you communications regarding its services, its websites or otherwise. Burris Computer Forms provides you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving such communications by indicating your desire to opt-out. If you would like to opt out of receiving communications from us please email us at or call our toll free number at 1-800-982-FORM(3676).6) Correcting or Updating InformationAt any time, you can view, update and/or remove your account information. Upon your request, we will also remove any other personally identifying information we may retain from our databases. To make any such changes or requests, please email us or call our toll free number 1-800-982-FORM(3676). Additional residual information may remain in our archives and records, but this information will not be used for any commercial purpose. We reserve the right to maintain information on users who have violated our Terms of Use or who have had their access to our website blocked.7) Security:All information provided to Burris Computer Forms is transmitted using Comodo certified encryption. Comodo is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect your information by placing it on a secure portion of our website that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of Burris Computer Forms. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
8) Reviews, Comments, Communications, and Other Content:
You may post product reviews, comments, photos, videos, and
other content; and other communications; and submit suggestions, ideas,
comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not
illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of
intellectual property rights (including publicity rights), or otherwise
injurious to third parties or objectionable, and does not consist of or contain
software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters,
mass mailings, or any form of "spam" or unsolicited commercial
electronic messages. You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any
person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other
content. Burris Computer Forms reserves the right (but not the obligation) to
remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content.
If you do post content or submit material, and unless we
indicate otherwise, you grant Burris Computer Forms a nonexclusive,
royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use,
reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, perform, translate, create derivative works
from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media.
You grant Burris Computer Forms and sublicensees the right to use the name that
you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and
warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that
you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does
not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and
that you will indemnify Burris Computer Forms for all claims resulting from
content you supply. Burris Computer Forms has the right but not the obligation
to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. Burris Computer Forms
takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you
or any third party.
9) Other Web Sites:The Burris Computer Forms website contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which Burris Computer Forms has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours. Also, you may have entered this website from an unrelated third party website. Likewise, Burris Computer Forms has no responsibility for such third party websites and you should review their privacy statements.
10
) Contacting Burris Computer Forms:
If you have any questions about this Privacy statement, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, you can contact:Burris Computer Forms2222 Electric RoadRoanoke, VA 24018You can also send an e-mail to us by clicking here
Continue