https://pearsonscandy.com/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to contentprivacy policyPearson’s Candy Company (“Pearson’s”) has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to our visitors’ and customers’ privacy (“Privacy Policy”). The following discloses the type of personally-identifying data collected, as well as the general purpose and/or use of the information gathered, via www.pearsonscandy.com (the “”Pearson’s Web Site”). We continually look to improve our features and services. As a result, this statement is updated from time to time. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on privacy practices at Pearson’s. This privacy policy was updated October, 2013. This Privacy Policy is subject to the Terms of Use, which govern your use of the Pearson’s Web Site. If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, you should not use the Pearson’s Web Site.At Pearson’s, your privacy is important to us and we want to make sure you like hearing from us. We, or an agent partner, may contact you to follow-up on requests for information we receive through the Pearson’s Web Site but we do not release personally-identifying guest information to other companies for their own marketing purposes.During the course of your use of the Pearson’s Web Site, we may collect some or all of the following information from You when you contact us with comments or feedback about our products or the Pearson’s Web Site:NameAddressEmail AddressTelephone NumberPearson’s will never collect this information from You without Your knowledge and consent. You always have the right to decline to disclose any or all of the requested information. However, if You decline to disclose certain pieces of information to Pearson’s, You may be unable to fully access all of the features of the Pearson’s Web Site.Children Under Age 13Pearson’s does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register on the Pearson’s Web Site. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Pearson’s Web Site or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Pearson’s Web Site. If we become aware that a child under 13 is attempting to submit this information, we will inform the minor that he or she is ineligible to do so. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe that we have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us using the contact information listed herein.Use and Sharing of Personal InformationThe Personal Information that you provide will be available to us, our agents and representatives. We use Personal Information to respond to your requests and answer your inquiries, to send you marketing email you have requested, for our internal operations purposes or to conduct promotional contests or send products or promotional items to You.Pearson’s will not share any personal information with any third party other than for the purposes described in this document. We may disclose your information if:we believe we are required to do so by law;we need to do so to protect someone’s safety or our rights and property; orin order to comply with this policy or other policies that may be applicable.On occasion, mergers, acquisitions, and sales of business assets occur. In the event that Pearson’s ever is involved in such a transaction, then personal information may be disclosed to the entity that acquires, is acquired by, or merges with Pearson’s or purchases any of its assets.If you ask us to delete any Personal Information we have about you, we will take all reasonable efforts to delete your Personal Information from our database within a reasonable time frame, but please be advised that we may retain some residual information about you in our backup and archival copies of our database (e.g. our records of deletion). We may use these backups to send you important service-related communications that are not promotional in nature.To contact us by postal mail:Pearson’s Candy CompanyP.O. Box 64459St. Paul, Minnesota 55164By email:dudleypnut@pearsonscandy.comBy phone:651.698.0356or800.328.6507You acknowledge and agree that this policy does not apply to non-personally-identifying information collected through the Pearson’s Web Site or for any information collected other than through the Pearson’s Web Site.Social Media Features and WidgetsOur site includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, as well as widgets, such as the ShareThis button. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.Acceptance of this PolicyBy using the Pearson’s Web Site, You agree to this policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time. Your continued use of the Pearson’s Web Site following the posting of changes to these terms on this site means you accept these changes.Other SitesThe Pearson’s Web Site may contain links to other sites. Other sites may also reference or link to the Pearson’s Web Site. Pearson’s is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites. Any information you may disclose at these other sites is not governed by this privacy policy. We encourage you to review these policies at any site you visit.AssurancesIf you feel you have a dispute with Pearson’s regarding our privacy policy procedures and practices, or you feel your privacy has been violated, please contact Pearson’s by email or by phone.SecurityIt is our intent to protect against the unauthorized use of personally-identifying information that we have collected from you. We use a variety of technologies and processes for protection of our customer data. We work to limit the personally-identifying information we provide to outside companies with whom we contract to only what they need to carry out their responsibilities.Cookies“Cookies” are pieces of information that may be placed on your computer by a Web site for the purpose of facilitating and enhancing your communication and interaction with that Web site. Almost all Web sites use cookies for these purposes.We may use cookies to: (a) customize your visit to the Pearson’s Web Site; (b) deliver content consistent with your stated interests and the manner in which you browse our site; and (c) enable social medial features and widgets to function properly.To find out more about Cookies, please visit www.cookiecentral.com. To disable and reject certain Cookies, follow the instructions associated with your Internet browser. Even in the case where a you reject Cookies, you may still use the Pearson’s Web Site. Pearson’s reserves the right to retain Cookie data indefinitely.Click-streamAs you use the Internet, a trail of electronic information is left at each web site you visit. This information, which is sometimes referred to as “click-stream data,” can be collected and stored by a website’s server. Click-stream data can tell us, among other things, the type of computer and browsing software you use, the address of the Web site from which you linked to the Pearson’s Web Site, and, in some instances, your e-mail address. We may use click-stream data for various purposes including to determine how much time visitors spend on each page of our site, how visitors navigate throughout the site and how we may tailor the Pearson’s Web Site to better meet the needs of visitors.Do Not Track is a feature offered by certain web browsers that lets you express a preference not to be tracked by websites. When a visitor to the Pearson’s Web Site has enabled the “Do Not Track” option, Pearson’s does not assign your browser a unique cookie and will not log your IP address.Pearson Candy Company (“Pearson’s”) has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to our visitors’ and customers’ privacy (“Privacy Policy”). The following discloses the type of personally-identifying data collected, as well as the general purpose and/or use of the information gathered, via www.pearsonscandy.com (the “”Pearson’s Web Site”). We continually look to improve our features and services. As a result, this statement is updated from time to time. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on privacy practices at Pearson’s. This privacy policy was updated October, 2013. This Privacy Policy is subject to the Terms of Use, which govern your use of the Pearson’s Web Site. If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, you should not use the Pearson’s Web Site.At Pearson’s, your privacy is important to us and we want to make sure you like hearing from us. We, or an agent partner, may contact you to follow-up on requests for information we receive through the Pearson’s Web Site but we do not release personally-identifying guest information to other companies for their own marketing purposes.During the course of your use of the Pearson’s Web Site, we may collect some or all of the following information from You when you contact us with comments or feedback about our products or the Pearson’s Web Site:NameAddressEmail AddressTelephone NumberPearson’s will never collect this information from You without Your knowledge and consent. You always have the right to decline to disclose any or all of the requested information. However, if You decline to disclose certain pieces of information to Pearson’s, You may be unable to fully access all of the features of the Pearson’s Web Site.Children Under Age 13Pearson’s does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register on the Pearson’s Web Site. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Pearson’s Web Site or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Pearson’s Web Site. If we become aware that a child under 13 is attempting to submit this information, we will inform the minor that he or she is ineligible to do so. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe that we have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us using the contact information listed herein.Use and Sharing of Personal InformationThe Personal Information that you provide will be available to us, our agents and representatives. We use Personal Information to respond to your requests and answer your inquiries, to send you marketing email you have requested, for our internal operations purposes or to conduct promotional contests or send products or promotional items to You.Pearson’s will not share any personal information with any third party other than for the purposes described in this document. We may disclose your information if:we believe we are required to do so by law;we need to do so to protect someone’s safety or our rights and property; orin order to comply with this policy or other policies that may be applicable.On occasion, mergers, acquisitions, and sales of business assets occur. In the event that Pearson’s ever is involved in such a transaction, then personal information may be disclosed to the entity that acquires, is acquired by, or merges with Pearson’s or purchases any of its assets.If you ask us to delete any Personal Information we have about you, we will take all reasonable efforts to delete your Personal Information from our database within a reasonable time frame, but please be advised that we may retain some residual information about you in our backup and archival copies of our database (e.g. our records of deletion). We may use these backups to send you important service-related communications that are not promotional in nature.To contact us by postal mail:Pearson Candy CompanyP.O. Box 64459St. Paul, Minnesota 55164By email:dudleypnut@pearsonscandy.comBy phone:651.698.0356or800.328.6507You acknowledge and agree that this policy does not apply to non-personally-identifying information collected through the Pearson’s Web Site or for any information collected other than through the Pearson’s Web Site.Social Media Features and WidgetsOur site includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, as well as widgets, such as the ShareThis button. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.Acceptance of this PolicyBy using the Pearson’s Web Site, You agree to this policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time. Your continued use of the Pearson’s Web Site following the posting of changes to these terms on this site means you accept these changes.Other SitesThe Pearson’s Web Site may contain links to other sites. Other sites may also reference or link to the Pearson’s Web Site. Pearson’s is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites. Any information you may disclose at these other sites is not governed by this privacy policy. We encourage you to review these policies at any site you visit.AssurancesIf you feel you have a dispute with Pearson’s regarding our privacy policy procedures and practices, or you feel your privacy has been violated, please contact Pearson’s by email or by phone.SecurityIt is our intent to protect against the unauthorized use of personally-identifying information that we have collected from you. We use a variety of technologies and processes for protection of our customer data. We work to limit the personally-identifying information we provide to outside companies with whom we contract to only what they need to carry out their responsibilities.Cookies“Cookies” are pieces of information that may be placed on your computer by a Web site for the purpose of facilitating and enhancing your communication and interaction with that Web site. Almost all Web sites use cookies for these purposes.We may use cookies to: (a) customize your visit to the Pearson’s Web Site; (b) deliver content consistent with your stated interests and the manner in which you browse our site; and (c) enable social medial features and widgets to function properly.To find out more about Cookies, please visit www.cookiecentral.com. To disable and reject certain Cookies, follow the instructions associated with your Internet browser. Even in the case where a you reject Cookies, you may still use the Pearson’s Web Site. Pearson’s reserves the right to retain Cookie data indefinitely.Click-streamAs you use the Internet, a trail of electronic information is left at each web site you visit. This information, which is sometimes referred to as “click-stream data,” can be collected and stored by a website’s server. Click-stream data can tell us, among other things, the type of computer and browsing software you use, the address of the Web site from which you linked to the Pearson’s Web Site, and, in some instances, your e-mail address. We may use click-stream data for various purposes including to determine how much time visitors spend on each page of our site, how visitors navigate throughout the site and how we may tailor the Pearson’s Web Site to better meet the needs of visitors.Do Not Track is a feature offered by certain web browsers that lets you express a preference not to be tracked by websites. When a visitor to the Pearson’s Web Site has enabled the “Do Not Track” option, Pearson’s does not assign your browser a unique cookie and will not log your IP address.