http://penneagle.com/privacy_policy.php
Home
Putters
Accessories
Apparel
View Cart
Privacy Policy
Penneagle® Golf Company
Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues
Penneagle Golf takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how Penneagle Golf treats personal information that Penneagle Golf collects and receives, including information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
Penneagle Golf collects personal information when you use Penneagle Golf online ordering capabilities through PaypalÕs secure online ordering software.
Penneagle Golf collects information about your transactions with us.
Penneagle Golf uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you and for conducting research.
We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes, but is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Penneagle Golf does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances: .
We have a parent's permission to share the information if the user is a child under age 13
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims;
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Penneagle GolfÕs terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
We transfer information about you if Penneagle Golf is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, Penneagle Golf will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.
In certain areas Penneagle Golf uses industry-standard SSL encryption to protect data transmissions.
With respect to cookies
We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site, customize Web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending e-mail to tdurnin@penneagle.com
The personal information you have provided us and information about your order will not be shared with third parties.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending e-mail to tdurnin@penneagle.com
You can, however, have your name put on our do-not-share list by sending e-mail to tdurnin@penneagle.com
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, unique identifiers.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as credit card information, we redirect visitors to Paypal utilizing a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Penneagle Golf may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WARRANTY COVERAGE:
Penneagle® Golf Company warrants its golf clubs and components purchased from an authorized Penneagle Golf retailer or distributor for two years. Penneagle Golf will, without charge to the consumer, repair or replace any product or component or part thereof that is defective or becomes defective during normal use within two years after the date of purchase from an authorized Penneagle Golf retailer or distributor. At its option, Penneagle Golf may replace the product with a new or refurbished product. Penneagle Golf does not warrant its products against damage caused by third parties. This warranty does not cover paint scratches, cosmetic blemishes or other normal wear and tear.
Penneagle® Golf
Penneagle®, Highland®, Palisade®, Atherton™, Stinson™, Oppositional Weighting System™, Balanced Accuracy™ are trademarks Penneagle Golf Company.
Copyright 2016 Penneagle® Golf Company. All rights reserved.
Home |
Contact Us |
Patent |
Privacy Policy
Palisade
Stinson
Highland
Atherton
Carmel
Headcover
Shaft
Grip
Sport Collection
Classic Headwear