http://pennfence.com/installation/privacy
Privacy Policy | Penn Fencing
Skip to main content
Home
About Us
News
Careers
Warranty
Shipping & Returns
Financing Options
Customer Login
Contact Us
Book An Appointment
Request Service
Take Satisfaction Survey
Write a Review
(888) 728-4695
Visit our Photo Gallery
FencingHandrailVinyl DecksPost CapsVinyl Post CoversCommercial ProjectsConstruction FencingCommercial Security Gates Well Perimeter Fencing
Privacy Policy
Effective April 1, 2010
Our Commitment to Privacy: Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect: This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Impactiv.com website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
Project Information
The Way We Use Information: We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. You can register with our website if you would like to receive updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form. We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. Our Commitment to Data Security:To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy: Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13. How You Can Access or Correct Your Information: You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by clicking on the Login link and sign in. Then click on the My Account link and change your information by clicking the appropriate link. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How to Contact Us: Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 1-888-728-4695 or send us an email at todd@pennfence.com.
Warranty
Shipping & Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Conditions of Use
Safety
Financing Options
HEADQUARTERS / SALES
647 PITTSBURGH ROAD
BUTLER, PA 16002
PHONE: 724.586.7906
FAX: 724.586.9430
Winter Hours:
M-F 8:00 AM - 3:30 PMSaturdays-Sundays: closed
INSTALLATION OFFICE (East)
4364 ROUTE 119 HIGHWAY NORTH
HOME, PA 15747
PHONE: 724.349.5005
FAX: 724.586.9430
* By Appointment
INSTALLATION OFFICE (North)
143 GATEFIELD ROAD
SENECA, PA 16346
PHONE: 814.677.7539
FAX: 724.586.9430
* By Appointment
Penn Fencing, Inc. fabricates and sells fence, deck and railing in our store, by phone and on-line.  We offer a lifetime warranty on all vinyl products and ship anywhere within the United States. We also install in Pennsylvania within 150 miles of Pittsburgh, PA.
Registered PA Office of the Attorney General Home Improvement Contractor: #000843
Ask the Experts
Copyright 2020 Penn Fencing, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
W
eb site by Impactiv, Inc.