http://pentair.com/en/site-navigation/global-footer/terms-of-use
Privacy Notice | Pentair
Skip To Main Content
Mobile Menu
Search
Products
Products
Pool and Spa Equipment
Pool and Spa Equipment
Pool Aboveground Systems
Pool Automation
Pool Cleaners
Pool Filtration
Pool Heaters
Pool Lighting
Pool Maintenance
Pool Pumps
Pool Valves
Pool Water Features
Pool Water Treatment
Pool White Goods
Commercial Pool and Spa Equipment
Commercial Pool and Spa Equipment
Commercial Pool Automation
Commercial Pool Deck Equipment
Commercial Pool Filtration
Commercial Pool Heaters
Commercial Pool Lighting
Commercial Pool Maintenance
Commercial Pool Pumps
Commercial Pool Sanitizers
Commercial Pool White Goods
Aquaculture
Aquaculture
Commercial Water Treatment
Commercial Water Treatment
Beverage
Foodservice
Office Coffee and Water
Filters
Filters
Marine Filtration
Commercial Pool Filtration
DIY Water Treatment
Filtration Replacement Cartridges
Pentair Everpure
Pool Filtration
Professional Water Treatment Solutions
RV Filtration
Fire Suppression
Fire Suppression
Pentair Aurora Fire Pumps and Packaged Systems
Pentair Fairbanks Nijhuis Fire Pumps and Packaged Systems
Heating & Cooling
Heating & Cooling
Commercial Pool Heaters
Marine Engine Cooling and Ventilation
Pentair Aurora HVAC and Water Supply
Pentair Fairbanks Nijhuis Commercial HVAC
Pool Heaters
Industrial Filtration
Industrial Filtration
Brewery
Dairy and Food
Oil and Gas
Spray Nozzles
Spray Nozzles
Agricultural Spray Nozzles
Industrial Spray Nozzles
Pest Control Spray Nozzles
Pressure Cleaning Nozzles
Residential Water Treatment
Residential Water Treatment
DIY Water Treatment
Filtration Accessories
Filtration Housings
Filtration Replacement Cartridges
Filtration Systems
Filtration Tanks
Filtration Valves
Pentair Everpure
Professional Water Treatment Solutions
Softening Systems
Smart Products
Smart Products
Commercial Pool Automation
Pool Automation
Systems
Systems
Filtration Systems
Pentair Aurora Fire Pumps and Packaged Systems
Pentair Fairbanks Nijhuis Fire Pumps and Packaged Systems
Pool Aboveground Systems
Softening Systems
Tanks
Tanks
Filtration Tanks
Pentair Flotec Pressure Tanks
Pentair Pro-Source Residential Products
Pentair Simer Pressure Tanks
Pentair WellMate Commercial Products
Pentair WellMate Residential Products
Water Disposal Pumps
Water Disposal Pumps
Marine Waste Evacuation
Pentair Aurora Water and Wastewater
Pentair Fairbanks Nijhuis Water and Wastewater
Pentair Flotec Effluent Pumps
Pentair Flotec Sewage Pumps
Pentair Flotec Sump Pumps
Pentair Hydromatic Commercial Wastewater
Pentair Hydromatic Municipal Wastewater
Pentair Hydromatic Residential Water Disposal
Pentair Myers Commercial Wastewater
Pentair Myers Municipal Wastewater
Pentair Myers Residential Water Disposal
Pentair Simer Effluent Pumps
Pentair Simer Sewage Pumps
Pentair Simer Sump Pumps
Pentair Sta-Rite On-Site Effluent Pumps
RV Waste Evacuation
Water Supply Pumps
Water Supply Pumps
Agricultural Application Pumps
Fluid Transfer Pumps
Industrial Spray Pumps
Marine Water Delivery
Pentair Berkeley Irrigation
Pentair Berkeley Residential Water Supply
Pentair Fairbanks Nijhuis Industrial Pumps
Pentair Flotec Jet and Sprinkler Pumps
Pentair Flotec Pool Pumps
Pentair Flotec Submersible Well Pumps
Pentair Flotec Utility Pumps
Pentair Myers Industrial
Pentair Myers Residential Water Supply
Pentair Pentek Irrigation
Pentair Pentek Residential Products
Pentair Pro-Source Residential Products
Pentair Simer Jet and Sprinkler Pumps
Pentair Simer Submersible Well Pumps
Pentair Simer Utility Pumps
Pentair Sta-Rite Specialty Pumps
Pentair Sta-Rite Water Pumps and Systems
Pest Control Pumps
Pressure Cleaning Pumps
RV Water Delivery
Valves
Valves
Filtration Valves
Pool Valves
Accessories
Accessories
Agricultural Spray Accessories
Filtration Accessories
Filtration Housings
Filtration Replacement Cartridges
Fluid Transfer Accessories
Industrial Spray Accessories
Marine Plumbing Accessories
Pentair Parts2O Accessories
Pest Control Accessories
Pressure Cleaning Accessories
RV Plumbing Accessories
Solutions
Solutions
Residential Water Solutions
Residential Water Solutions
Moving Water
Moving Water
Professional Water Movement
DIY Water Movement
Improving Water
Improving Water
Home Kitchen and Bathroom
Enjoying Water
Enjoying Water
Pool and Spa Equipment
Marine
RV
Commercial Water Solutions
Commercial Water Solutions
Moving Water
Moving Water
Beverage
Commercial HVAC
Fire Suppression
HVAC and Water Supply
Professional Water Movement
Improving Water
Improving Water
FoodService
Office Coffee and Water
Enjoying Water
Enjoying Water
Commercial Pool & Spa Equipment
Industrial Water Solutions
Industrial Water Solutions
Moving Water
Moving Water
Fire Suppression
Fluid Transfer
HVAC and Water Supply
Industrial Pumps
Industrial Spraying
Pest Control
Pressure Cleaning
Professional Water Movement
Improving Water
Improving Water
Brewery
Dairy and Food
Oil and Gas
Infrastructure Water Solutions
Infrastructure Water Solutions
Moving Water
Moving Water
Municipal & Infrastructure Water Movement
Professional Water Movement
Agriculture Water Solutions
Agriculture Water Solutions
Moving Water
Moving Water
Aquaculture
Agricultural Spraying
Fluid Transfer
Industrial Spraying
Pest Control
Pressure Cleaning
Professional Water Movement
Improving Water
Improving Water
Aquaculture
Brands
Brands
Aurora
Berkeley
Codeline
Everpure
Fairbanks Nijhuis
Flotec
Goyen Mecair
Haffmans
Hydromatic
Hypro
Jung Pumpen
Myers
Pelican Water Systems
Shurflo
Simer
Sta-Rite
Südmo
Union Engineering
X-Flow
About Pentair
About Pentair
Company Overview
What We Stand For
Corporate Responsibility
Investor Relations
Leadership
Corporate Governance
Careers
Newsroom
Locations
Our Values
Utility Navigation
map-pin-green
Find a Dealer
Contact Us
profile
Dealers & Distributors
The Pentair Blog
Privacy Notice
Main Content Starts Here
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Home
Privacy Notice
Share
Share via Email
Share via Twitter
Share via Facebook
Share via Linkedin
Print
Last Modified: July 1, 2020
Download this Privacy Notice
View Pentair's California Consumer Privacy Act Privacy Notice Addendum here
View Translations of this Notice here.
At Pentair, we believe trust is the cornerstone of all relationships. This notice describes the personal information Pentair may collect about you through websites, applications or other means, how we may use and disclose this information, and other related information that is important for you to know.
To learn more, click on each section title below.
Who We Are and How this Notice Applies to You
Pentair values your privacy. This notice describes the personal information Pentair may collect about you:
through websites operated by us, from which you are accessing this Privacy Notice (the “Websites”),
through the software applications made available by us for use on or through computers and mobile devices (the “Apps”),
through any of our Internet of Things connected or connectable devices (our “IoT Devices”), including our internet-connected water solution products,
through our social media pages and apps that we control from which you are accessing this Privacy Notice  (collectively, our “Social Media Pages”),
through HTML-formatted email messages that we send to you that link to this Privacy Notice, and
through offline interactions you have with us.
Collectively, we refer to the Websites, Apps, IoT Devices, Social Media Pages, emails and offline activities as the “Services.”
For the purposes of this notice, “Pentair” refers to Pentair plc and any of its subsidiaries who link to or otherwise provide you with this Privacy Notice.
Please note that some of our subsidiaries may post separate privacy notices on their websites, and they are subject to their own posted privacy notices rather than this Privacy Notice.
When Pentair collects your personal information, we seek to collect what is relevant, adequate, and not excessive for the purpose it is collected. We may collect, create, and observe personal information about you from a variety of sources, including directly from you, from technology such as cookies, and from third parties. These types of data may include, for example, contact information, communications and payment data, or marketing data. We will keep your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Notice unless a longer retention period is permitted by law.
How We Collect and Retain Your Personal Information
“Personal information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual.  When Pentair collects your personal information, we seek to collect what is relevant, adequate, and not excessive for the purpose it is collected.
The ways that we may collect information about you include the following:
We may collect personal information from a variety of sources, such as the telephone, our sites, our online or mobile applications or services, our transfer agent or our online advertisements.
Through the Services:  For example, we may collect personal information during the initiation or execution of business relationships, during events or tradeshows, when you subscribe to newsletters or request publications, create an account, return or exchange a product, activate a gift card, complete surveys, register for Pentair events or online services, contact us for further information, install and use our IoT Devices or Apps, or visit our sites while or before logged into a social media platform.
From other sources:  We may also collect personal information from public sources or third party data providers.  For example, our HR team may utilize LinkedIn or other social media platforms to identify employment candidates.  Each social media platform has their own policy on the way they process your personal information when you access their sites. If you have any concerns or questions about their use of your personal information, you should read their privacy policies carefully before using them.   We may also work with joint marketing partners to identify potential customers, with transfer agents to coordinate interaction with our shareholders or with other third parties to provide services to Pentair employees.
The types of personal information that we may collect about you include:
Contact information, such as name, title, phone number, mailing address, and e-mail address;
Communication information submitted by you, such as orders, questions, and feedback;
Demographic information, such as language, age, and gender;
Marketing preferences, such as e-mail subscription and frequency preferences;
Payment data, such as credit card details and account information.
Device Data,” as defined in our mobile app Terms of Service, when you install and use our IoT Devices or Apps;
For example, our Apps may include features that allow you to connect the App to on-site cameras that you have installed at your pool build site, to enable you to view photographs or video content that you capture through those cameras (such as live-streaming or time-lapse video) through the App.
User credentials, when you register to use the Services.
We need to collect personal information in order to provide the requested Services to you.  If you do not provide the information requested, we may not be able to provide the Services. If you disclose any personal information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with the Services, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
How long we retain your personal information depends on the purpose for which it was obtained and its nature. We will keep your personal information for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes described in this Privacy Notice unless a longer retention period is permitted or required by law. The primary criteria we use to determine our retention periods include:
The length of time you have an active account or relationship with Pentair;
When we are getting to know you as a potential customer or business partner;
When we need to comply with a court order, law or legal process;
When legal requirements and professional guidelines require it – such as tax and audit purposes, information on aspects of health and safety, or in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations.
Pentair may use your personal information to serve you, improve our services, or fulfill the purpose for which you gave us your personal information, such as to carry out a transaction, communicate with you, and run our business operations. Pentair relies on several legal bases, such as your consent or Pentair’s legitimate interests, for using your personal information depending on the circumstances.
How We Use Your Personal Information
Pentair may use your personal information to serve you, improve our services, and fulfill the purpose for which you gave us your personal information, and for other legitimate business purposes, including to:
Provide the functionality of the Services and fulfill your requests.
Carry out transactions you have requested, such as processing orders, registering purchased products, handling warranty claims, and providing related customer service;
Communicate with you about your account and your purchased products, respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests;
Send administrative information to you, such as changes to our terms, conditions and policies;
Service your purchased products and send information that you request regarding your products’ functionality.
We will engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you and/or to comply with a legal obligation.
Provide you with information and/or other marketing materials.
Inform you of products or services available from Pentair in which you may be interested;
Send you surveys regarding your use of Pentair products and services;
Facilitate social sharing functionality that you choose to use.
For example, our Services include social media features, such as the Facebook "Like" button and widgets, the "share this" widget, or interactive mini-programs that run on our Services.
We will engage in these activities with your consent or where we have a legitimate interest.
Analyze personal information for business reporting and providing personalized services.
Analyze or predict our users’ preferences in order to prepare aggregated trend reports on how our digital content is used, so we can improve our Services;
Better understand your interests and preferences, so that we can personalize our interactions with you and provide you with information and/or offers tailored to your interests;
Better understand your preferences so that we can deliver content via our Services that we believe will be relevant and interesting to you.
We will provide personalized services based on our legitimate interests, and with your consent to the extent required by applicable law.
Accomplish our business purposes.
Run our business operations and manage our risks, including protecting the rights and property of Pentair and others;
Comply with legal requirements and internal policies, such as audit and security policies;
Develop new products or services;
Improve, enhance or modify our products and services;
Identify usage trends, for example, understanding which parts of our Services are of most interest to users;
Determine the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, so that we can adapt our campaigns to the needs and interests of our users.
We engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you, to comply with a legal obligation, and/or because we have a legitimate interest.
Allow you to participate in sweepstakes, contests or other promotions.
We may offer you the opportunity to participate in a sweepstakes, contest or other promotion.
Some of these promotions have additional rules containing information about how we will use and disclose your personal information.
We use this information to manage our contractual relationship with you.
Aggregate and/or anonymize personal information.
We may aggregate and/or anonymize personal information so that it will no longer be considered personal information. We do so to generate other data for our use, which we may use and disclose for any purpose, as it no longer identifies you or any other individual.
Pentair may share your personal information with other Pentair entities, brands, divisions, and subsidiaries. Pentair may share your personal information with third parties for processing on our behalf, with your consent, or where permitted or required by law. Recipients of personal information may be located outside the country in which the information was collected, including in countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA). In such cases, Pentair takes measures to ensure an appropriate level of data privacy protection.
How We Share Your Personal Information
Pentair may share your personal information with other Pentair entities, brands, divisions, and subsidiaries to serve you, including for the activities listed in this Privacy Notice, and we also may share your personal information with selected third parties as described below.
We share personal information:
With our affiliated entities for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice.  You can consult the list and location of our affiliated entities here.   Pentair plc is the party responsible for the management of the jointly-used personal information.
With trusted third party service providers that carry out activities at our direction. These activities could include any of the activities that Pentair carries out as described in the above section, ‘HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.’ For example, these activities can include website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, marketing, auditing, and other services.
With third parties, to permit them to send you marketing communications, consistent with your choices.
With a third-party business partner if you accept an offer from that specific business partner that is made available through our Services;
With trusted dealers, when you configure the App to share information related to your IoT Device (including Device Data) with a specific dealer.  The dealer may use this information to monitor and service your IoT Device and offer you related products and services.  You can choose to discontinue the sharing of this information with the dealer on a going-forward basis at any time through the App settings.  This will not affect the dealer’s continued retention and use of the information received before you discontinued such sharing.
With other individuals you designate through an App as shared users of your IoT Device; such shared users will have access to information stored on the App and will be able to monitor and control your IoT Device via the App.
By using the Services, you may elect to disclose personal information on message boards, chat, profile pages, blogs and other services to which you are able to post information and content (including, without limitation, our Social Media Pages).  Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services will become public and may be available to other users and the general public.
When you connect your Services account with your social media account, you will share information with your friends associated with your social media account, with other users, and with your social media account provider. By doing so, you authorize us to facilitate this sharing of information, and you understand that the use of shared information will be governed by the social media provider’s privacy policy.
To third-party sponsors of sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions.
We also use and disclose your personal information as necessary or appropriate, especially when we have a legal obligation or legitimate interest to do so.
Other Uses and Disclosures of Your Personal Information
We also use and disclose your personal information as necessary or appropriate, especially when we have a legal obligation or legitimate interest to do so:
To comply with applicable law and regulations, which can include laws outside your country of residence.
To cooperate with public and government authorities, such as to respond to a request or to provide information we believe is important. These can include authorities outside your country of residence.
To cooperate with law enforcement, for example, when we respond to law enforcement requests and orders or provide information we believe is important.
For other legal reasons, including to enforce our terms and conditions and to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others.
We have a legitimate interest in disclosing or transferring your personal information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). Such third parties may include, for example, an acquiring entity and its advisors.
We may collect, use and disclose Other Information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an identifiable individual, including: browser and device information, app usage data, and information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies.
Other Information
“Other Information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an identifiable individual, such as:
Browser and device information
App usage data
Information collected through IoT Devices, such as data about installation, product configuration, settings, usage, geo-location, and operational data
Information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies
Demographic information and other information provided by you that does not reveal your specific identity
Information that has been aggregated in a manner such that it no longer reveals your specific identity
If we are required to treat Other Information as personal information under applicable law, then we may use and disclose it for the purposes for which we use and disclose personal information as detailed in this Notice.
Collection of Other Information
We may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
Through your browser or device:
Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Mac), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, Internet browser type and version and the name and version of the Services (such as the App) you are using. We use this information to ensure that the Services function properly.
Through your use of an App:
When you download and use an App, we and our service providers may track and collect App usage data, such as the date and time the App on your device accesses our servers and what information and files have been downloaded to the App based on your device number.
Using cookies:
Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the computer that you are using. Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Services, pages visited, language preferences, and other traffic data. We and our service providers use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience. We also gather statistical information about use of the Services in order to continually improve their design and functionality, understand how they are used and assist us with resolving questions regarding them. Cookies further allow us to select which of our advertisements or offers are most likely to appeal to you and display them while you are on the Services. We may also use cookies or other technologies in online advertising to track responses to our ads.
We do not currently respond to browser do-not-track signals. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, most browsers allow you to automatically decline cookies or be given the choice of declining or accepting a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular website. You may also wish to refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html. If, however, you do not accept cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Services. You also may not receive advertising or other offers from us that are relevant to your interests and needs.
Using pixel tags and other similar technologies:
Pixel tags. (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) may be used to, among other things, track the actions of users of the Services (including email recipients), measure the success of our marketing campaigns, and compile statistics about usage of the Services and response rates.
Analytics. We use Google Analytics and Adobe Analytics, which use cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Services and report on activities and trends.  These services may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources.  You can learn about Google’s practices by going to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ and exercise the opt out provided by Google by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.  You can exercise the opt-out provided by Adobe by visiting: https://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html.
Using Adobe Flash technology (including Flash Local Shared Objects (“Flash LSOs”)) and other similar technologies:
We may use Flash LSOs and other technologies to, among other things, collect and store information about your use of the Services. If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools contained in the Website Storage Settings Panel. You can also go to the Global Storage Settings Panel and follow the instructions (which may explain, for example, how to delete existing Flash LSOs (referred to as “information”), how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked, and how to block Flash LSOs that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time). Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications.
IP Address:
Your IP address is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. An IP address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Services, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited. Collecting IP addresses is standard practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. We use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels, diagnosing server problems and administering the Services. We may also derive your approximate location from your IP address.
Physical location:
We may collect the physical location of your IoT Device through the location of the mobile phone used by one of our trusted dealers to install the product, if you manually input the device’s physical location in the App, or if you consent to using the map features in the App.
We may collect the physical location of your device by, for example, using satellite, cell phone tower or WiFi signals.  We may use your device’s physical location to provide you with personalized location-based services for your IoT Devices.  We and our service providers may also use your device’s physical location, combined with information about what advertisements you viewed and other information we collect, to provide you with more personalized content and to study the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns.  In some instances, you may be permitted to allow or deny such uses and/or sharing of your device’s location, but if you do, we and/or our business and marketing partners may not be able to provide you with the applicable personalized services and content.
Uses and Disclosures of Other Information
We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. In some instances, we may combine Other Information with personal information. If we do, we will treat the combined information as personal information as long as it is combined.
The security of your personal information is important to us. Pentair has put in place technical and organizational safeguards to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of your personal information.
Security of Your Personal Information
The security of your information is important to us. Pentair has put in place technical and organizational safeguards to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us in accordance with the “Contact Us” section below.
You may review, and request corrections to or deletion of your personal information, where applicable, by contacting us using the contact information below. Please notify us of any change to your contact information or other personal information. You may unsubscribe from our promotional e-mails by using the unsubscribe instructions located at the bottom of the message or by contacting us.
Accessing and Making Choices About Your Personal Information
You may request to review, correct, update, suppress, restrict or delete personal information that you have previously provided to us, or request to receive an electronic copy of your personal information for purposes of transmitting it to another company (to the extent this right to data portability is provided to you by applicable law), by contacting us in accordance with the “Contact Us” section below. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law.
In your request, please make clear what personal information you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have your personal information suppressed from our database or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your personal information.
We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. We may take steps to verify your identity before providing you access to your personal information. For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the personal information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request. In some instances, we may not be able to exercise your requested choices, such as when we need to retain your contact information for contractual obligations and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion. Please notify us of any change to your contact information or other personal information.
You may unsubscribe from our promotional e-mails by using the unsubscribe instructions located at the bottom of the message or by contacting us. This action may not unsubscribe you from administrative messages regarding your account, such as security campaigns, and order fulfillment messages.
California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for their own marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to: privacy@pentair.com.
Children's Information
Our Services are not directed to individuals under the age of sixteen (16), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under the age of 16.
Sensitive Information
We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive personal information (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the Services or otherwise to us.
Third Party Services
This Privacy Notice does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any website or service to which the Services link. The inclusion of a link on the Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates.
In addition, we are not responsible for the information collection, use, disclosure or security policies or practices of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider or device manufacturer, including with respect to any personal information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the Apps or our Social Media Pages.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements regarding goods and services that may be of interest to you when you access and use the Services and other websites or online services.
Third Party Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements regarding goods and services that may be of interest to you when you access and use the Services and other websites or online services.
You may receive advertisements based on information relating to your access to and use of the Services and other websites or online services on any of your devices, as well as on information received from third parties. These companies place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser (including through the use of pixel tags). They also use these technologies, along with information they collect about your online use, to recognize you across the devices you use, such as a mobile phone and a laptop.
If you would like more information about this practice, and to learn how to opt out of it in desktop and mobile browsers on the particular device on which you are accessing this Privacy Notice, please visit:
• From Australia: http://www.youronlinechoices.com.au/
• From Canada: https://youradchoices.ca/
• From Europe: http://www.edaa.eu/
• From the U.S.: http://optout.aboutads.info/#/ and http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#/
Your personal information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you understand that your information will be transferred to countries outside of your country of residence.
For transfers from the EEA to countries not considered adequate by the European Commission, we have put in place adequate measures
to protect your personal information.
Cross-Border Transfer
Your personal information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you understand that your information will be transferred to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your personal information.
If you are located in the EEA or the UK: Some of the non-EEA countries are recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection according to EEA standards (the full list of these countries is available here). For transfers from the EEA to countries not considered adequate by the European Commission, as well as for transfers from the UK to countries not considered adequate by a competent authority with jurisdiction over such transfers, we have put in place adequate measures, such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission, to protect your personal information. You may obtain a copy of these measures by contacting Pentair’s Global Privacy Office.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or our use of your personal information, please contact us at privacy@pentair.com or by using the information below:
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or our use of your personal information, please contact us at privacy@pentair.com or by using the information below:
If you are based outside of the EEA or the UK, that data controller is:
Pentair Management Company
Attn: Global Privacy Office
5500 Wayzata Blvd., Ste. 900
Minneapolis, MN 55416
If you are located in the EEA or the UK, the data controller is:
Pentair plc
An Ireland company having its principle place of business at:
Regal House
70 London Road
Twickenham, London, TW13QS
United Kingdom
Where required by law, we have appointed a data protection officer. You can contact our data protection officer for our German entities at:
TÜV NORD Group
IT Security, Business Security & Privacy
Langemarckstraße 20
45141 Essen
Germany
Phone: +49 (0)201-8999-899
E-Mail: privacyguard@tuvit.de
You can lodge a complaint with a data protection authority for your country or region or where an alleged infringement of applicable data protection law occurs. However, before doing so, we encourage you to contact us directly to give us an opportunity to work directly with you to resolve any concerns about your privacy.
HOW WE CHANGE AND UPDATE THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We may update this Privacy Notice. When we do, we will post the current version on this site, and we will revise the version date located at the top of this page. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Notice on the Services.
Last Modified: July 1, 2020
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT PRIVACY NOTICE ADDENDUM
This California Consumer Privacy Act Addendum provides additional details regarding Pentair’s collection, use, and disclosure of personal information relating to California residents, pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). This Addendum does not apply to our job applicants, employees, contractors, owners, directors, or officers where the Personal Information we collect about those individuals relates to their current, former, or potential role at Pentair. Under the CCPA, “Personal Information” is information that identifies, relates to, or could reasonably be linked with a particular California resident or household.
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT PRIVACY NOTICE ADDENDUM
Collection of Personal Information
We plan to collect, and have collected within the preceding 12 months, the following categories of Personal Information, as listed in the CCPA:
“Identifiers.” Identifiers such as name, contact information, IP address and other online identifiers.
“Customer Records Information.” Personal information as defined in the California customer records law, such as name, contact information, and payment data.
“Protected Class Information.” Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as age and gender.
“Transaction Information.” Commercial information, such as transaction information and purchase history.
“Online Use Information.” Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our website.
“Geolocation Data.”  Geolocation data such as device location.
“Audio/Video Data.” Audio, electronic, and visual information, such as call and video recordings, as well as photographs and live streaming or time lapse video of your pool build, when you enable such features on one of our Apps.
“Inferences.” Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above to create a profile about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics.
We collect this Personal Information from you and from publicly available online sources, joint marketing partners, third party data providers, and transfer agents.
Use of Personal Information
We may use this Personal Information to operate, manage, and maintain our business, to provide our products and services, and to accomplish our business purposes and objectives, including, for example, using Personal Information to: develop, improve, repair, and maintain our products and services; fulfill your requests and transactions; personalize, advertise, and market our products and services; conduct research, analytics, and data analysis; maintain our facilities and infrastructure; undertake quality and safety assurance measures; conduct risk and security control and monitoring; detect and prevent fraud; perform accounting, audit, and other internal functions; comply with law, legal process, and internal policies; and exercise and defend legal claims.
Disclosure and Sale of Personal Information
We share Personal Information with the following categories of third parties:
“Affiliates.”  You can consult the list and location of our affiliated entities here.
“Service Providers.”  Our trusted third party service providers carry out activities at our direction, such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, marketing, auditing, and other services.
“Ad Networks.”  We share Personal Information with third-party ad networks to permit them to send you marketing communications.
“Business Partners.”  When you accept an offer from one of our trusted third-party business partners that is made available through our Services, we share your Personal Information with that specific business partner.
“Dealers.”  When you choose to share your information with one of our trusted dealers, we share your Personal Information with that specific dealer.
"Shared Device Users.”  When you designate individuals as shared users of your Pentair device, we share your Personal Information with those designated individuals.
“Contest Sponsors.”  We share Personal Information with third-party sponsors of sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions.
“Legal Authorities.”  We may share Personal Information to cooperate with public and government authorities, including law enforcement, and to protect and defend our legal rights and those of others.
In the preceding 12 months, we disclosed for our operational business purposes or sold the following categories of Personal Information to the following categories of third parties:
Categories of Personal Information
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
Identifiers
Affiliates; Service Providers; Business Partners; Dealers; Shared Device Users; Contest Sponsors; Legal Authorities
Ad Networks
Customer Records Information
Affiliates; Service Providers; Business Partners; Dealers; Shared Device Users; Contest Sponsors; Legal Authorities
None
Protected Class Information
Affiliates; Service Providers
None
Transaction Information
Affiliates; Service Providers; Business Partners; Dealers; Contest Sponsors
Ad Networks
Online Use Information
Affiliates; Service Providers
Ad Networks
Geolocation Data
Affiliates; Service Providers; Dealers; Shared Device Users; Contest Sponsors
Ad Networks
Audio/Video Data
Affiliates; Service Providers; Shared Device Users
None
Inferences
Affiliates; Service Providers
Ad Networks
We do not knowingly sell the Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age.
Your CCPA Rights
Requests to Know, Delete and Opt-Out
If you are a California resident, you may make the following requests:
(1)  “Request to Know”
You may request that we disclose to you the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such Personal Information;
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling Personal Information about you;
The categories of Personal Information about you that we sold and, for each, the categories of third parties to whom we sold such Personal Information (if applicable); and
The categories of Personal Information about you that we otherwise shared or disclosed, and the categories of third parties with which we shared or to which we disclosed such Personal Information (if applicable).
(2)  “Request to Delete”
You may request that we delete Personal Information we collected from you.
To make a Request to Know or Request to Delete, please contact us at consumerprivacy@pentair.com or 1(877)241-9958. We will verify and respond to your request consistent with applicable law, taking into account the type and sensitivity of the Personal Information subject to the request. We may need to request additional Personal Information from you, such as your name, email address, mailing address and how you interact with us, in order to verify your identity and protect against fraudulent requests. If you maintain a password-protected account with us, we may verify your identity through our existing authentication practices for your account and require you to re-authenticate yourself before disclosing or deleting your Personal Information. If you make a Request to Delete, we may ask you to verify your request before we delete your Personal Information.
(3)  “Request to Opt-Out”
You may request to opt out of any future sale of Personal Information about you by clicking here  or by contacting us at consumerprivacy@pentair.com.
Right to Non-Discrimination
You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
Authorized Agents
If you want to make a request as an authorized agent on behalf of a California resident, you may use the submission methods noted above.  As part of our verification process, we may request that you provide, as applicable:
Proof of your registration with the California Secretary of State to conduct business in California;
A power of attorney from the California resident pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000-4465;
Written permission that the California resident has authorized you to make a request on the resident’s behalf.  This permission must be signed (via physical or e-signature) by the California resident.
If you are making a Request to Know or a Request to Delete on behalf of a California resident and have not provided us with a power of attorney from the resident pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000-4465, we may also require the resident to:
Provide you with a written permission signed by the resident to make the Request to Know or Request to Delete on the resident’s behalf;
Verify the resident’s own identity directly with us;
Directly confirm with us that the resident provided you permission to submit the Request to Know or Request to Delete.
Contact Us
Please contact us at consumerprivacy@pentair.com if you have any questions regarding this CCPA Addendum.
Translations of this Privacy Notice
Arabic
Bahasa
Chinese-Simplified
Chinese-Traditional
Danish
Dutch
French-Canada
French-France
German
Hindi
Hungarian
Icelandic
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Spanish-Spain
Spanish-Latin America
Thai
Download Center
Partner & Supplier Info
Careers
Facebook
Twitter
Linked In
Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
Website Accessibility Statement
©2020 Pentair. All rights reserved.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information - CA Residents Only.
All indicated Pentair trademarks and logos are property of Pentair.  A list can be found here.
Close Modal
Close Search Modal
Close Modal
Buy Locally
Enter Location:
Geolocation Button
Or
search
No dealers found. Please try another location.
Location is disabled by your browser. Please type an address.
Loading...
Close
Filter By:
Filter
Filter By
List View
Map View
Close Modal
Close Search Modal
Type your search and press enter
Search
Close Modal
Product Quickview
Learn More
Hide items
See items