https://permobilus.com/privacy-statement/
Select Language
Danish
Dutch
English
French Canadian
French
German
Norwegian
Swedish
Who is the Controller When We Process Your Personal Information?
How Do We Collect Your Personal Information?
What information do we collect about you?
How Do We Use Your Information?
What Are the Legal Grounds for Our Processing?
Disclosure to Third-Parties
Our Products
Global Regulations
Your Rights and Choices
Data Protection for Children
How Do We Protect Your Information?
Future Changes
Contact Us
Permobil’s Global Privacy Notice
Last Updated: May 2020
Your privacy is important to us at Permobil. We want you to have the information you need to be able to make the choices that are right for you, especially when using our products or services. We created this Global Privacy Notice (“Notice”) to explain how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, store, and maintain your Personal Information for this reason. We are committed to complying with the data protection laws that are effective in the country where you live, work or otherwise reside.
This Notice applies to the Products listed in the Our Products Section as well as to our other Products that refer to this Notice. When we use the generic term “Products” in this Notice, we mean the services, websites, apps, software and devices Permobil and its subsidiaries or affiliates offer. To help you find the information you need, we have divided this Notice into the sections in the menu on the left.
You have certain rights relating to how Permobil uses your Personal Information. You can read about Your Rights and Choices section and you are also welcome to contact us.
When we talk about “Personal Information", we are considering all Personal Information as it is defined by the data protection laws that apply to us on a global basis, whether personal data, personal health information, or personally identifying information. In addition, we describe what Personal Information we collect in our “What Information Do We Collect About You?” section.
Permobil complies with the guiding principles of global data protection laws and other fair information practices, including the following principles from Europe’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”):
•	Lawfulness, Transparency and Fairness
•	Purpose Limitation
•	Data Minimization
•	Accuracy
•	Storage Limitation
•	Confidentiality and Integrity
Copyright © 2018-2020
Permobil AB / All rights reserved.