https://permaboss.com/privacy-policy/
Who we are
Our website address is: https://permaboss.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact forms
The contact forms on Permaboss.com will send emails to our employees and our CRM software which allows us to promptly respond to your queries as well as follow up with you through the different stages of your journey with Permaboss.
At any time you may request to see any and all information we have on you if you’ve submitted a request or message via our contact forms.
Cookies
This is a WordPress based website which uses a variety of anonymous cookie tracking files. A list detailing these cookies will be published soon. These cookies are in no way personally identifiable to you.
Embedded content from other websites
Pages on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
We have no control over these particular instances, but strive to only partner with websites that adhere to the strictest privacy standards.
Analytics
Permaboss.com utilizes Google Analytics to gather anonymous information on user behaviour on our website, including how a user arrives on the website, and which pages they visit, and for how long.
This information is in no way identifiable to any specific human being.
Who we share your data with
We will only ever use our data for Permaboss specific activities (sales, follow ups, service) to ensure we provide the best experience to you, both as a website visitor, and a real life customer.
Your data never leaves Permaboss control.
How long we retain your data
Messages sent through the contact forms on this site become emails that are sent to Permaboss staff. These emails may be kept indefinitely as required on a case by case basis. This is important for keeping track of conversations with potential clients, servicing current clients, and general communications.
Our CRM software will also store data, to once again, make your dealings with Permaboss seamless. This information, once established as a ‘contact’ will remain in our system indefinitely.
What rights you have over your data
You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Your data, via our contact forms, is sent via email to Permaboss staff, and via an API to our CRM.
Copyright All Rights Reserved © 1999 - 2020 Permaboss.com Inc.
Permaboss
Laser
Laser FAQ
Emboss
Emboss FAQ
Used Units
Contact Us
Connect
Permaboss.com uses cookies to ensure you have the best experience on our website. Accept Reject - Read MorePrivacy Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.