http://perrigodocs.com/legal.aspx
Terms of Use
By accessing Web site pages belonging to or operated by Perrigo, you agree to the following terms. If you do not agree to the following terms, please note that you are not allowed to use the site. This site is owned and maintained by Perrigo. These Terms of Use may be modified from time to time. By using this site, it means you accept the most recent version of the Terms of Use.
The information contained in this site (i) is for general guidance on matters of interest only and shall not be a substitute for professional advice, including but not limited to financial, legal and medical advice, and (ii) does not constitute an offer of or solicitation for the purchase of products or services.
A reference to a Perrigo product on this site does not mean that such product is or will be available in your country, where it may be subject to different regulations and conditions of use. Each country may have its own laws and regulations concerning the products Perrigo sells and, if provided, you should always rely on such local laws and regulations.
Although accessible by others, the product information on the Perrigo site is primarily intended for use by residents of the United States only unless otherwise designated. This site links to other sites produced by Perrigo's various operating divisions and subsidiaries, some of which are outside the U.S. Those sites may have information that is appropriate only to the particular originating country or region where the site is based. Nothing on any linked site should be construed as a promotion or solicitation for any product or for the use of any product that is not authorized by the laws and regulations of the country where you are located.
This site may contain information related to various health and medical conditions and products that may be used as part of their treatment. Such information is not meant to be a substitute for the advice provided by a physician or other medical professional. You should not use the information contained on this site for diagnosing a health problem or disease. You should always consult a medical professional, such as a physician or a pharmacist, to determine what courses of treatment, if any, may be appropriate for you.
The contents of these Web pages are protected by appropriate intellectual property laws. Any rights not expressly granted are reserved. Reproduction, transfer, distribution or storage of part or all of the contents in any form without the prior written permission of Perrigo is prohibited except you are permitted to view Perrigo Web pages on your computer and print copies of extracts from these pages for your personal use only. Unless consented to in writing by Perrigo, redistribution of all or part of this Web site for commercial use is strictly prohibited.
The use of this site and its content is permitted for private, non-commercial use. The contents of Perrigo Web pages are provided "as is". Perrigo does not warrant that its Web pages will be uninterrupted or error-free. Perrigo reserves the right to revise the pages or withdraw access to them at any time. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, IS MADE IN RELATION TO THE AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR CONTENT OF THESE PAGES. PERRIGO SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS OR FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SERVICE, EVEN IF PERRIGO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THE LIABILITY OF PERRIGO WOULD IN SUCH CASE BE LIMITED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
Perrigo may include links to sites on the Internet that are owned or operated by third parties. Perrigo is not responsible for the content of such other sites. By linking to such a third-party site, you shall review and agree to that site's rules of use before using such site. You also agree that Perrigo has no control over the content of linked third-party sites and cannot assume any responsibility for material created or published by such third-party sites. In addition, a link to a non-Perrigo site does not imply that Perrigo endorses the site or the products or services referenced in such third-party site. Perrigo shall not be liable for any damages or injury arising from users' access to or inability to access linked sites.
Subject to any applicable terms and conditions set forth in our Privacy Policy, any communication or other material that you send to us through the Internet or post on the Web site by electronic mail or otherwise, such as any questions, comments, suggestions or the like, is and will be deemed to be non-confidential and Perrigo shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information. Perrigo shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such communication for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products.
Perrigo does not and cannot review the content posted by users on its site if applicable and is not responsible for such content. Perrigo may at any time at its discretion remove any content posted by users.
Please read our Privacy Policy to understand the privacy rules about your use of this site. Except as written in any other disclaimers, policies, terms of use, or other notices on this site, these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy are the complete agreement between you and Perrigo with respect to your use of this site. You may be subject to additional terms that may apply when you access particular materials on certain areas of this site, or by following links that take you away from this site. Perrigo makes no representation as to the availability, accuracy or completeness of the content of this site. Perrigo is not liable for any damages or injury resulting from your access to or inability to access this site or from reliance on any information at this site. In addition we reserve the right to interrupt or discontinue any or all of the functionality of this site or to change its content at any time without prior notice, but we do not assume any responsibility to update it.
Perrigo is a registered trademark of L. Perrigo Corporation. Many of Perrigo's product names are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Perrigo. Other product and company names mentioned herein may be trademarks or trade names of their respective owners. Your access to this site should not be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any marks appearing on the site without the prior written consent of Perrigo or the third-party owner thereof.
Copyright 2019 Perrigo
All rights reserved
Quality, Affordable Self-Care Products™
Come work for a leading global self-care company.
Perrigo Careers
Company
Consumer Products
Corporate Responsibility
News & Media
Investor Relations
Contact Us
Perrigo Employees
·
Patent Resources
·
Privacy Policy
·
Policies and Practices
·
Terms & Conditions
·
US Company Store Contact
·
© 2019 Perrigo Company plc, All Rights Reserved.