https://perriconefarms.com/legal/
LEGAL
INFORMATION REGARDING THE PERRICONE FARMS PRIVACY STATEMENTProtecting your privacy is very important to perricone Farms. This privacy policy describes how perricone Farms collect, use, and protect information that you may provide to us and that we may collect from your use of the perriconeFarms.com Web site (the "Site").COLLECTION AND STORAGE OF INFORMATION BY THE SITE:When you visit the Site, the Site collects and stores anonymous, non-personally identifiable information, such as the name of your Internet Service provider, the name of the Web site from which you linked to the Site, what ages of the Site you visited, and the date and time you visited those ages. We use this information to generate anonymous, aggregate statistics about Site usage, including user demographics, and to improve the Site experience for all visitors. As a general matter, we will not connect this anonymous information to any personally identifiable information that you may have provided to the Site, although we may do so if required by law or by order of any court, or when we reasonably believe it necessary to protect you, other Site users, or perricone Farms.
The Site does not collect or store personally identifiable information about you, such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, hone number, or social security number, unless you voluntarily provide that information. USE OF COOKIES:A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser from a Web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. If your Internet browser has been configured to accept cookies, the browser will allow each Web site you visit to access the cookies that that Web site has sent to you. To protect your privacy, the browser will not allow a Web site to access the cookies that any other Web site has sent to you. You can configure your Internet browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you before accepting a cookie. You also can flush stored cookies from your Internet browser. (Each Internet browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie references.) If you choose not to accept cookies, you may not be able to access all of the features of the Site.
The Site sends cookies - both "session" cookies and "permanent" cookies - to your Internet browser to provide you with a more personalized experience when you visit the Site. For example, we may use cookies to welcome you to the site, to provide you with information that is geographically relevant to you, and to make it easier for you to find information that may have interested you on a previous visit to the Site. The cookies sent by the Site contain information about your patterns of Site usage and may be connected to personally identifiable information that you have provided to the Site. (The cookies are not connected to any personally identifiable information you may have provided to any Outside Web Sites.)
We may use the information collected through cookies for Site analysis and design. We also may share this information within the perricone family of companies, our agencies, our partners, affiliates, contractors, and our successors and assigns to the business of the Site, for use in accordance with this privacy policy. Additionally, we may disclose the information collected through cookies if required to do so by law or by order of any court, or when we reasonably believe it necessary to protect you, other Site users, or perricone Farms. Except as stated above, we will never provide the information collected through cookies to any unaffiliated company for that company's independent use. COLLECTION AND STORAGE OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION:We have designed the Site so that you can visit it and access the vast majority of the information and services provided there without ever revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself to us. However, there are areas of the Site where you may need to provide certain personally identifiable information in order to receive a specific product or service, such as a product sample or contest entry. The Site collects and stores this information, such as your full name, mailing address, e-mail address, in a secure manner and we use it to fulfill your product or service request. We also may share this information with other perricone Companies and select third-arty companies, our agencies, our partners, affiliates, contractors, and our successors and assigns to the business of the Site, for use in accordance with this privacy policy. We are not responsible for any errors or deletions in your personally identifiable information caused by defects in Internet transmission.
We also may disclose your personally identifiable information if we are required to do so by law or by order of any court, or when we reasonably believe it necessary to protect you, other Site users, or perricone Farms Company. Except as stated above, we will never provide your personally identifiable information to any unaffiliated company for that company's independent use.
E-Mail Messages From You That Contain personal Information:
If you send perricone Farms an e-mail message, whether through the "Contact Us" area of the Site or through any other means, that contains personally identifiable information about you, we may use and share that information both for the purpose identified in the e-mail message and as otherwise set forth in this privacy policy.CHILDREN:The Site does not knowingly collect or store personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that the Site has collected and stored information from any person younger than 13, we will use our best efforts to delete that information from our records and not share that information with third parties, except as required by law or by a court or to protect you, other Site users, or perricone Farms Company.REVISIONS TO SITE PRIVACY POLICY:The Site does not knowingly collect or store personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that the Site has collected and stored information from any person younger than 13, we will use our best efforts to delete that information from our records and not share that information with third parties, except as required by law or by a court or to protect you, other Site users, or perricone Farms Company.
REVISIONS TO SITE PRIVACY POLICY:We reserve the right to modify or supplement this privacy policy at any time. We will post any revised privacy policy here at least ten days prior to its effective date, but we will have no obligation to provide any other notice of the revised privacy policy. The revised privacy policy will apply only to information collected subsequent to the effective date.
PERRICONEFARMS.COM WEB SITE USER AGREEMENT COPYRIGHT NOTICE:Copyright © 2001, perricone Juices Company. All rights reserved. All text, images, graphics, animation, videos, music, sounds, and other materials (collectively, the "Materials") on this Web site (the "Site") are subject to the copyrights and other intellectual property rights of perricone Juices Company ("perricone"), its affiliated companies, and its licensors. perricone owns the copyrights in the selection, coordination, and arrangement of the content (the "Content") on this Site. This Site and all the Materials on this Site are protected by worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions, regardless of whether any coy thereof bears a copyright notice. Without the prior written permission of perricone, and except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, no Content from this Site may be modified, reproduced, distributed, displayed, performed, or used for any public or commercial purpose.
LIMITED LICENSE:LIMITED LICENSE:This Site is provided by perricone and may be used for personal, non-commercial, and informational purposes only. By using this Site or downloading Content from this Site, you agree: (a) to abide by all copyright laws and other laws worldwide, (b) to use your best efforts to prevent any unauthorized copying or other use of any Content from this Site, (c) not to interfere with or attempt to interfere with the operation of this Site in any way, and (d) to abide by all other terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the privacy policy for this Site. If you do not so agree, do not use this Site or download Content from this Site. Subject to your continued agreement to and compliance with this Agreement, perricone grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right: (a) to access, use, display, and perform the Content on this Site; and (b) to download Content from this Site for your personal, non-commercial use, subject to the following additional restrictions: (i) You must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices on all downloaded Content; and (ii) You may not convey the downloaded Content to any person or entity unless such person or entity has notice of and has agreed to accept all the restrictions on use of the Content on this Site set forth in this Agreement.
TRADEMARK NOTICE:All trademarks on this Site are subject to the U.S. trademark rights of perricone Farms, or are used under agreement in the U.S. by perricone family of companies. The unauthorized use of any trademark from this Site is strictly prohibited.