https://peterpaul.com/about-peter-paul/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyLast Updated 5/24/18 This Privacy Policy describes how Peter Paul Electronics Co., Inc., and its affiliates ("PeterPaul," "we," "our" or "us") collect, use, and share information in connection with your use of our website.We may collect and receive information about users of our services ("users," "you," or "your") from various sources, including: (i) information you provide through your user account on the your "Account" page if you register on our website or partners.We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure you are fully informed. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or PeterPaul's data collection, use, and disclosure practices, please contact us at privacy@peterpaul.com.1. INFORMATION WE COLLECTInformation You ProvideAccount Registration or request quote. When you register for an Account, we may ask for your contact information, including items such as name, company name, address, email address, and telephone number.Communications. If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide. We may also receive a confirmation when you open an email from us.The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.Information We Collect When You Use Our website.Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies. As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. In addition, when you use our website, we may collect certain information automatically from your device.  This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, clickstream data, landing page, and referring URL. To collect this information, a cookie may be set on your computer or device when you visit our Services. Cookies contain a small amount of information that allows our servers or third parties to recognize you. We store information that we collect through cookies, log files, and/or pixel images to record your preferences. We may also automatically collect information about your use of features of our Services, about the functionality of our services, frequency of visits, and other information related to your interactions with the Services.  Usage of our Services. When you use our website, we may collect information about your engagement. We use this data to develop aggregate analysis and business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions, and report on the performance of our business.2. HOW WE USE INFORMATIONWe use the information we collect in various ways, including to:Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the service, and for marketing and promotional purposes;Process your transactions;Find and prevent fraud; andProvide, operate, and maintain services;Improve, personalize, and expand our services;Understand and analyze how you use our site;Develop new products, services, features, and functionality;For compliance purposes, including enforcing our Terms of Service, or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency.3. HOW WE SHARE INFORMATIONWe may share the information we collect in various ways, including the following:Vendors and Service Providers. We may share information with third-party vendors and service providers that provide services on our behalf, such as helping to provide our services, for promotional and/or marketing purposes, and to provide you with information relevant to you such as product announcements, software updates, special offers, or other information.Analytics. We use analytics providers such as Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect non-identifying information. Google provides some additional privacy options regarding its Analytics cookies at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.Business Transfers. Information may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to any potential acquirer, successor, or assignee as part of any proposed merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, or in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.As Required By Law and Similar Disclosures. We may also share information to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; (ii) enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof; (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; (iv) respond to your requests; or (v) protect our rights, property or safety, our users and the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and spam/malware prevention.With Your Consent. We may share information with your consent.4. LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATIONOur legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.However, we will normally collect personal information from you only (i) where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you; (ii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights; or (iii) where we have your consent to do so.  We have a legitimate interest in operating our services and communicating with you as necessary to provide these services, for example when responding to your queries, improving our platform, undertaking marketing, or for the purposes of detecting or preventing illegal activities.In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information).5. THIRD-PARTY LINKSYou may access other third-party sites or services through our website, for example by clicking on links to those third-party services from within our site. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of these third-party services, and we encourage you to carefully review their privacy policies.6. SECURITYPeterpaul is committed to protecting your information. To do so, we employ a variety of security technologies and measures designed to protect information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.7. DATA RETENTIONWe retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements).When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.8. ACCESSIf you are a registered user, you may access information associated with your account by logging into our website or emailing privacy@peterpaul.com. To protect your privacy and security, we may also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before updating or removing your information. The information you provide us may be stored periodically during backup processes conducted in the ordinary course of business for disaster recovery purposes.Personal data will not be restored back to production systems (except in certain rare instances, e.g., the need to recover from a natural disaster or serious security breach). In such cases, the personal data may be restored from backups, but PeterPaul will take the necessary steps to honor the initial request and erase the primary instance of the data again.Backup archives containing personal data will be protected with strong encryption, so that even if criminals were able to steal the archive, its contents would remain useless to them.Retention rules have been put in place so that personal data in backup archives is retained for as short a time as necessary before being automatically deleted. 9. YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS UNDER THE GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR)If you are a resident of the EU, you have the following data protection rights:If you wish to access, correct, update, or request deletion of your personal information, you can do so at any time by emailing privacy@peterpaul.com.In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information, or request portability of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by emailing privacy@peterpaul.com.You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the "unsubscribe"  link in the marketing emails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing, please contact us by emailing privacy@peterpaul.com.Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time.  Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. We will respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.10. YOUR CHOICESYou can use some of the features of the services without registering, thereby limiting the type of information that we collect.You may unsubscribe from receiving promotional emails from us at anytime. If you wish to do so, simply follow the instructions found at the end of the email. Even if you unsubscribe, we may still contact you for informational, transactional, account-related, or similar purposes.Most browsers have an option for disabling cookies, which may prevent your browser from accepting new cookies or enable selective use of cookies. Please note that, if you choose not to accept cookies, some features and the personalization of our site may no longer work for you. For example11. CHILDREN'S PRIVACYPeterPaul does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13, and children under 13 are prohibited from using our services. If you learn that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of this Privacy Policy, you can alert us at privacy@peterpaul.com.12. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYThis Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time, so please review it frequently. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted and dated on our websites. If changes are made in how we use or share personal information previously collected from you through our services, we will notify you through our site, by email, or other communication.13. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERSPeterPaul is a global business. We may transfer personal information to countries other than the country in which the data was originally collected.  If we transfer your personal information to other countries, it will be protected as described in this Privacy Policy. Contact UsIf you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to email us at privacy@peterpaul.com.The data controller of your personal information isPeter Paul Electronics Co., Inc.480 John Downey DriveNew Britain CT 06051860-229-4884
ABOUTAbout Us
HISTORY
WHY OUR VALVES?
PETER PAUL ELECTRIC, INC.
NEWS/ARTICLES
Terms and Conditions
CAREERS
WHAT IS A SOLENOID VALVE?
MARKETS
LEANOVERVIEW
STRATEGY DEPLOYMENT
LEAN AND GREEN
PULL SYSTEMS KANBAN
NEW PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT
3P PROCESS
Supply Chain/Value
PRODUCTSVALVES BY FUNCTION2-WAY NORMALLY OPEN
2-WAY NORMALLY CLOSED
3-Way Normally Closed (exhaust to atmosphere)
3-Way Normally Closed (piped exhaust)
3-Way Normally Open
3-Way Directional Control
3-Way Multi-Purpose
HAZARDOUS LOCATION
High Pressure Valves
Low Watt Valves
Magnetic Latching Valves
Solenoid Operators
Manifolds
Valve Options
RESOURCESVALVE OPTIONS
LITERATURE
CERTIFICATION AND QUALITY
T-Ratings Calculator
FLOW CALCULATORS
KANBAN CALCULATOR
SUPPLIER ZONE
DISTRIBUTOR ZONE
NOMENCLATURE
CONTACT USU.S. DISTRIBUTORS
INTERNATIONAL DISTRIBUTORS
NEWSLETTER