https://pharmdevgroup.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Pharmaceutical Development Group (PDG) is a subsidiary of Biotech Research Group Corporation.
+1.813.333.2950 info@pharmdevgroup.com
Home ServicesPharmaceutical Consulting Services Strategic Drug DevelopmentStrategic Drug Development Services Pharmaceutical Development Programs: Implementation and Oversight Pre-IND Meetings Investigational New Drug Application (IND)/Special Protocol Assessment (SPA) Clinical Trial Design Pre-NDA Meetings and NDA Submissions: 505(b)(1)/505(b)(2) 505(b)(2) NDAs Generic Drugs: 505(j) ANDAs and Potential Diversification Nonprescription Drugs (OTC)
Medical Device ConsultingExempt Devices / 513(g) Submissions Device Pre-submission Meetings and Reviews Facility Inspection Readiness Combination Device and Drug/Biologic Submissions 510(k) Submissions PMA Submissions
Post-Launch ActivitiesDrug Post-Launch Activities Post-Marketing Surveillance Drug Labeling
Specialty ServicesSpecialty Services Citizen Petitions Legal Support Literature Searches Pharmacokinetic Consulting Quality Assurance & Compliance Scientific and Technical Writing Supplier/Vendor Selection and Qualification Toxicology Consulting
Regulatory Updates About PDGAbout PDG – An FDA Regulatory Consultant Your Pharmaceutical Consultant Careers at PDG
Regulatory ResourcesRegulatory Resources FDA Links International Health Authority’s Websites
Contact PDG
PrivacyYou are here:HomePrivacy
Privacy Policy
The privacy of our visitors to PDG is important to us and we recognize that protecting your personal information is critical. Here is information on what personal information we receive and collect when you use visit our websites, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files – As with most websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you spent on our site, and which pages you visited and other information. We do not review information on individual users. Rather we look at this information in aggregate to determine how to better structure our website by analyzing which pages are most interesting to visitors and which pages are confusing.
Forms – If you complete a form (contact form, newsletter signup, tradeshow, whitepaper download, etc.) on our website, we store the information you provide in a secure online database. By completing a form and sharing your personal information with us, you are opting in to receive email, newsletters, and other email communications from us. We always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails. A one-click unsubscribe link is included in every email. We do NOT sell or share your information with any outside firms.
Cookies: If you visit our website and download certain documents or watch a video, you may be asked to provide your name, company, email and other information. Doing so may install a cookie on your computer where allowable by law. We collect this information so we can determine which services might be of interest to you. We do not sell or share this information. If you prefer not to have cookies installed on your computer, you may disable cookies in your internet browser.
We use Google AdWords Remarketing to advertise PDG across the Internet, in particular on the Google Display Network. When you visit the PDG website, AdWords Remarketing will install a cookie on your web browser; the cookie indicates to websites in the Google Display Network that “this person visited the PDG website, so show them relevant PDG ads.” This cookie does not in any way identify you or give access to your computer or mobile device. Google AdWords Remarketing allows PDG to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you. If you do not wish to see ads from PDG, you can opt out in several ways:
1. Opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings.
2. Opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Email: To opt out of marketing or newsletter emails, you can click the “Unsubscribe” link that appears in the footer of every email we send or contact us vis info@pharmdevgroup.com with UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject line.
Corrections – If you need to correct information that you have provided to us, you can email us at info@pharmdevgroup.com or call our office at +1.813.333.2950.
Security – Informational data (non-credit card) we collect is stored in a database which employs industry best practices for protecting data.
How to Contact Us – If you have any questions about our privacy policy or potential data misuse, please email us at info@pharmdevgroup.com. Any changes to the privacy policy will be posted on this page.
Share this pageShare with PinterestShare with FacebookShare with WhatsAppShare with LinkedInShare with Twitter
By Keyword505B2
510K
ANDA
biologics
biologics-device
cbe
Citizen Petition
Clinical Trial Design
combination products
drug-device
drug development
FDA Announcement
FDA Compliance
FDA Consultants
FDA Consulting
FDA Presentation
FDA Regulations
FDA Regulatory Affairs
Final Monograph
Florida RAPS
generic
Generic Drug Labeling
Generic Drug Submissions
Labeling Compliance
medical device
NDA
NDA Consultants
OPDP Consulting
OTC
OTC Monograph
Pharmaceutical Consultants
Pharmaceutical Consulting
Pharmaceutical Legislation
Pharmacovigilance
Prescription Drugs
Prescription to OTC
RAPS
Regulatory Affairs Professional Society
Regulatory affairs services
Regulatory consultant
regulatory path
Rx to OTC
TFM
Unapproved Drugs
User Fees
Fill Your Details Here.
Go to Top