http://photo-images.co.uk/privacy-policy
Home
About
Concert Photography
Sports Photography
Fun Event Photography
Portrait Photography
Model Photography
Nature Photography
Gallery
Videos
Shop
Blog
Contacts
Share
Privacy Policy
Photo-Images Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions
Photo-Images (“we”, “our” or “us”) operate this website. Though we endeavour to ensure the accuracy of the information placed on this website we do not warrant or guarantee the accuracy or correctness of such information or of any other content, description or material placed on or referred to on this website. We do not warrant that the website, its content or the server that makes it available are an error or virus free or free of other harmful components or that your use of this website will be uninterrupted.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage (whether direct or indirect, including loss of profits or any consequential loss) resulting from or in any way connected with your use of this website whether caused by negligence or otherwise, although we do not limit or exclude our liability for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence.
If you are dissatisfied with the website or any content or materials on it, your sole exclusive remedy is to discontinue your use of the website.
All content of this website including but not limited to the text, photographs, images, graphics, illustrations, designs, written and other material including the program and code that operates this web site (together the “content”) is protected by copyright, trademark and/or other proprietary rights owned by or licensed to Photo-Images. Should you choose to download, print or copy any content from this website, you must do so only in accordance with these terms. Such activity is not permitted without consent and only for your personal use. In all cases, we must be acknowledged as the source of the material. You acknowledge that you have no right to use the content in any other manner. If you want to make additional use of any of our material outside the terms of this disclaimer, you should apply to Photo-Images for the appropriate consent and conditions. Unless stated otherwise on this website all other uses of the content are expressly prohibited.
The website may provide links to other websites, the content of which is not under our control. Accordingly, we cannot accept any responsibility for the materials or offers for goods or services featured on such websites. Links to such sites are not to be taken as an endorsement of such websites or as a warranty that such websites will be free of viruses or other such items of a destructive nature.
Photo-Images reserves the rights to withdraw or change the services without prior warning.
Our website also makes use of Cookies (Cookies are small files stored on your computer) for the following purposes:
enabling a service to recognise your computer so you don’t have to give the same information several times during one task
Google – measuring how many people are using services, so they can be made easier to use and there’s enough capacity to ensure they are fast
To allow you to use items such as logins, Forms or Shopping Carts
Your Information:
We don’t collect any personal data outside of the information you complete in our contact form. We will contact you as requested using the information supplied by you to us/for that purpose.
We don’t store your data in an external database
We don’t sell on any information or provide to other companies
We don’t add you to a mailing list unless you have requested we do so through our newsletter sign-up.