https://pi-castings.co.uk/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
The following privacy policy outlines how Precision Investment Castings Ltd will use and protect any information that you submit to Precision Investment Castings Ltd via this website. At Precision Investment Castings Ltd we are dedicated to ensuring that we keep your private information private. We may ask you to submit personal information whilst you are using this website for identification purposes. Any such information will be handled in accordance with our privacy policy. Any changes that we make to this policy will be published on this page; we advise that you check this page occasionally to ensure that you are familiar and happy with our most recent privacy policy.
The policy outlined below is effective as of 17th June 2016.
Some features of this website require you to submit information for operational and identification purposes (namely, the contact form). This information includes but is not limited to: your name; job title; contact information; email address; postal address; and information relevant to enquiries, surveys or offers.
We use the information that you submit to us to improve our service, it allows us to do this by helping us gain a better understanding of your requirements. We may use your information internal research purposes – the results of which will remain with Precision Investment Castings Ltd and will not be shared with any other parties. In addition to this, we will use the information you submit through this website to: update our internal records; contact you periodically with information relating to our latest company news (including but not limited to updates on our attendance at industry events, updates on projects that you may find interesting, promotions and offers); for market research purposes; and to answer your enquiries.
At Precision Investment Castings Ltd we are committed to safeguarding your information and ensuring that it remains secure. Any information that you share with us will not be shared with other parties without your prior permission or unless we are legally required to do so. You can request to see a copy of any information that we hold you by writing to Marketing Department, Precision Investment Castings Ltd, Davenport Lane, Altrincham, Cheshire, WA14 5DS, UK. A small administration fee may be payable if your records have to be retrieved from our archives. Please be aware that if you have not contacted us for a while, we may dispose of your information in a secure manner. If you wish to update your records at any time (including requesting that we remove your information from our records), please contact us and let us know.