https://piam.com/privacy-policy/
Call us at 781-434-7525 for a Quote
About Us   |
Client Concierge
Professional Liability
Physicians Insurance
Hospitals, Facilities and Other Medical Entities
Allied Healthcare Professionals Insurance
Miscellanous Errors and Omissions Liability Insurance
Health Insurance
Group Health & Dental Plans
Retiree Health Insurance Programs
Metlife Retiree Dental Programs
International Travel Medical Insurance
Commercial Insurance
Business Office / Practice Policy
Workers Compensation
Business Auto
Umbrella
Cyber Liability
Management Liability
Medical Technology, Life Sciences/Products and Clinical Trials Liability
Contact Us
Request Quote
PRIVACY POLICYPrivacy PolicyLast updated October 2018
Physicians Insurance Agency of Massachusetts (PHYSICIANS INSURANCE) take privacy issues seriously and are committed to protecting your personal information. Please take a moment to review our privacy policy. This policy explains how the information we collect when you use the PHYSICIANS INSURANCE website will be used and shared.
What Information do you Provideo to us and how is that information used?Information You Provide to Us
In the course of obtaining a quote or registering for a seminar, you may choose to provide us with nonpublic personal information. This requires the input of information and preferences that may include, but is not limited to, details such as your name, address (postal and email), telephone number, demographic information, current and desired insurance policy information, and other information about your professional board membership and certifications. Information you provide in your request to obtain a quote may be provided to the insurance company to obtain the quote and/or when you purchase an insurance policy so they can establish and administer you as a policyholder.
We may disclose information to persons or companies that perform services on our behalf and to other financial institutions with which we have joint marketing agreements. Our affiliates are companies with which we either share common ownership or have a contractual agreement along with a vendor privacy policy.
Information Collected Automatically
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. Like many Web sites, we use “cookies,” (alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer to allow our system to recognize your computer) and we obtain certain types of information (e.g., IP Address, Click-stream, browser type and version, operating system, platform, and date and time of access) when your Web browser accesses Physicians Insurance.com. We use this information to evaluate use patterns so future modifications to the site will respond to site user’s needs.
What Security Measures are Used?
We endeavor to keep your personal information confidential and protected against unauthorized access, misuse or alteration with commercially reasonable physical, technical, and administrative measures. However, as effective as these measures are, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of electronic data nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted.
Our website may contain links to third party web sites that are not controlled by PHYSICIANS INSURANCE. These third-party links are made available to you as a convenience and you agree to use these links at your own risk. Please be aware that PHYSICIANS INSURANCE is not responsible for the content of third-party websites linked to PHYSICIANS INSURANCE nor are we responsible for the privacy policy or practices of third party web sites linked to PHYSICIANS INSURANCE. Our privacy policy only applies to information we collect from you while you are at and while you are actively in a session with PAIM.
Changes to This Policy
This policy is subject to change effective upon posting by Physicians Insurance Agency of Massachusetts of policy revisions at https://piam.com/privacy-policy.
Contact Us
Please direct any questions regarding this privacy policy to piam@mms.org.
We can also be contacted by telephone at 800-522-7426 or +1 781-434-7525 (outside the United States and Canada).