https://pickeringrelay.com/privacy
SIGN IN YOUR ACCOUNT TO HAVE ACCESS TO DIFFERENT FEATURES
USERNAME
PASSWORD
Remember Me
FORGOT YOUR PASSWORD?
FORGOT YOUR DETAILS?
USERNAME OR EMAIL
Free Samples
|
Reed Relay Selection Tool
|
Shipping Worldwide
MY ACCOUNT
LOGIN
Over 50 years of manufacturing high performance Reed Relays
T +44 (0) 1255 428 141
Email: sales@pickeringrelay.com
Pickering Electronics LtdStephenson Rd, Clacton, Essex, England, CO15 4NL
Open in Google Maps
About
About Us
10 Key Benefits
Why Pickering Reed Relays?
Company History
50 Years Book
Reed Relay Timeline
Pickering Interfaces
In-House Automation
Quality
Quality Assurance
ISO Certification
RoHS & REACH Compliance
REACH Certificate
RoHS Certification
RoHS3 Status
Conflicts Materials Policy Statement
CMRT Template
Careers
Careers
Apprenticeships
Brexit Statement
COVID-19
Reed Relays
By Series No.
Single-in-Line (SIL/SIP) Relays Series 100 – 110
100 – Low Thermal EMF Relays
101 – Direct Drive From CMOS
102 – Up to 20W Coaxial RF/High Speed Digital
103 – Low Capacitance – Wide Bandwidth
104 – HV 1kV Switching, 3kV Stand-Off
105 – 20W (Dry) & 50W (Mercury)
106 – 0.2” x 0.8” Standard Size up to 20W
107 – Mu-metal Standard Size up to 20W
108 – 0.15” x 0.8” Mu-Metal Screened Relay
109 – 0.15” x 0.6” – Up to 20W
+ RF
110 – 0.15” x 0.4” – Up to 20W
Single-in-Line (SIL/SIP) Relays Series 111 – 131
111 – 0.15” x 0.4” 5W + 1.5GHz RF
112
– 0.15” x 0.4” 10W High Density
113 – 0.15” x 0.5” 3W (Form C), 10W (Form A)
114 – 40W High Power SIP
115 – Up to 1 Amp, 20W High Density
116 – 0.5A, 10W Very High Density
117 – 0.5A, 5W Very High Density
118 – High Coil Resistance – Small Size
119 – Up to 3KV Stand-off – Mini High Voltage
131 – 10W 1.5kV Stand-off PCB Smallest HV SIP
Dual-in-Line (DIL/DIP) Relays
97 – Dry 3W (Form C) 10W (Form A), Mercury 50W
98 – 3W (Form C) 15W (Form A) CMOS Direct Drive
Ultra-High Density 4mm Relays
120 – 1 Amp, 20W 4mm x 15.5mm
122 – 0.5 Amp, 10W 4mm x 12.5mm
124 –
0.5A, 5W 4mm x 9.5mm
High Voltage (HV) Relays
60 & 65 – 15kV PCB/Chassis Mount Solder Terminals
62 & 63:
15kV PCB/Chassis Mount Push On Terminals
67 & 68 – 50W 10kV PCB/Flying Lead Connections
104 – 20W 1kV Switching, 3kV Stand-off PCB SIP
119 – 10W 1kV Switching, 3kV Stand-off PCB Mini SIP
131 – 10W 1.5kV Stand-off PCB Smallest HV SIP
Classic – Legacy Relays
80, 85, 88, 89 – Dry (3W, 15W) & Mercury (50W) PCB Mount
86, 87 – Dry & Mercury High Sensitivity PCB Mount
Surface Mount (SMD) Relays
200 – 3W (Form C) 15W (Form A) up to 5GHz
By Application
High Density
High Voltage
General Instrumentation
RF Fast / Digital
Portable Equipment
High Power
Data Aquisition
Low Thermal EMF
Thermocouple Switching
Direct Drive from CMOS
Low Capacitance
Custom Relays
Reed Relay Selector (BETA)
How to Buy
Request a Quote
Reed Relay Selector (BETA)
Free Evaluation Samples
Distributors & Agents
Resources
Reed Relay Selector (BETA)
Relay Catalogue
RelayMate Book
Relay Finder
Data Sheets
3D Relay Models
Concise Tech Guide
Videos & Webinars
News
Product News
Media News
Events
Support
Contact Us
Technical Help
General Help
SoftCenter™
Magnetic Interaction
Connectivity Advice
RelayMate Book
Glossary of Terms
MY CART
No products in cart.
ContactUs
HomePrivacy Policy
Pickering Electronics Privacy PolicyPickering Electronics Ltd recognizes the importance of protecting user’s rights to privacy. We encourage you to take the time to read this policy and those of any website you choose to visit.
Pickering Electronics gather and process your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice and in compliance with the relevant data protection regulation and laws. This notice provides you with the necessary information regarding your rights and our obligations, and explains how, why and when we process your personal data.
Pickering Electronics registered office is at Stephenson Road, Clacton-on-Sea, Essex, CO15 4NL and we are a company registered in England and Wales under company number 857509 and act as the data controller when processing your data.
If you have any questions regarding this policy please contact us by telephone on +44 (0) 1255-428141 or by writing to Pickering Electronics Ltd, Stephenson Road, Clacton-on-Sea, Essex, CO15 4NL, UK.
Information That We Collect
By using Pickering Electronics’ website, you are agreeing to the collection, storage and processing of your information in the manner set out in this policy.
Pickering Electronics processes your personal information to provide you with our products and services. We will never collect any unnecessary personal data from you and do not process your information in any way, other than as specified in this notice.
When you visit our websites, we collect data to provide you with access to our websites, applications, services, and solutions, and to help us personalize and improve your experience.
Automatically collected information: Our web servers automatically collect the following information from visitors to our websites: data about the pages accessed, computer IP address, device ID or unique identifier, device type, geo-location information, computer and connection information, mobile network information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the sites, referral URL, ad data, and standard web log data and other information. We may also collect anonymous information through our use of cookies.  To view our cookie policy, click here >>
Manually collected information: There are parts of this website where we may need to collect personal information from you for a specific purpose, such as to provide you with certain information you request, such as our Concise Tech Guide, Reed Relay Mate book, or if you contact us about our products and services. The types of personal information collected may include your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, IP address, and information regarding what pages are accessed and when. We may also ask you to provide us with demographic information such as your job function.
Other methods of collection: We may also collect information from or about you in other ways, such as through your contact with our sales team and your interactions with members of the Pickering Group.
Information about children: Our websites are not intended for or targeted at children under 16, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children. If you believe that we have collected information about a child under 16, please contact us, so that we can delete the information.
How We Use Your Personal Data
Pickering Electronics takes your privacy very seriously and will only retain your data for as long as is necessary and for the purpose(s) specified in this notice. Such information will be non-intrusive and is processed on the grounds of legitimate interests.
The purposes and reasons for processing your personal data are detailed below: -
Respond to free sample or quote requests as well as other enquires that you have made about our products and services.
Send you communications which you have requested and that may be of interest to you. These may include new and existing products and services, upcoming events, as well as literature and datasheets.
Measure viewer statistics to improve the content of our websites.
Information may be shared with Pickering’s official representatives/agents, but only if necessary to fulfil your requests.
Share relevant information with third party service providers such as customer relationship management (CRM) software providers.
Electronic newsletters: Users that have signed up for Pickering’s free electronic newsletter will not be spammed, nor will their details be sold or rented to any third parties. Users can easily unsubscribe with a simple click on any email received, alternatively users may remove themselves from our mailing list by clicking here >>
Direct mail: We may send you direct mail if you have requested to receive physical copies of Pickering Electronics marketing materials. We will only send such materials if you have provided us with your postal address via our website forms or literature download requests for physical copy.
When requesting a piece of direct mail, we will ask you to provide the following personal information: First Name, Last Name, Email, Phone Number, Company Number, Street Address, City, State/Region, Postal Code and Country. If you have already registered on our website and request a direct mail piece from us, we will remember your past registration information and simply request street address and postal code, so we can mail your requested information. You can opt-out of receiving direct mail/have your physical address removed from our database or request to have your address updated at any time. by emailing privacy@pickeringrelay.com
Sharing and Disclosing Your Personal Information
Pickering Electronics will not share, sell or rent your personal information for promotional purposes and will not disclose your personal information to outside organizations unless they are affiliated with us as a third-party vendor. Distributors, partners, affiliates, or other business partners of Pickering Electronics who have access to your personal information use the information about your customer relationship with us and our products. We maintain strict precautions to prevent the misuse of your personal information.
Third Party Service Providers working on our behalf: We may pass your information to our third-party service providers, agents, subcontractors and other associated organisations for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf (for example to process a postal mailshot or email blast). However, when we use third party service providers, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own direct marketing purposes. Please be reassured that we will not release your information to third parties beyond the Pickering Electronics network for them to use for their own direct marketing purposes, unless you have requested us to do so, or we are required to do so by law, for example, by a court order or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime.
Transfers out the EEA
Any information submitted by you through our website, may also be transferred outside the European Economic Area (EEA).  Where applicable, there is an adequacy decision by the European Commission in respect of those countries.  This means that the countries to which we transfer your personal data are deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for your personal data.-
PayPal: When you purchase products from Pickering Electronics, your payment is processed by a third-party payment processor, PayPal Holdings, Inc., who specialises in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions. (We do not hold any credit/debit card details at Pickering Electronics) When using any third-party payment processor, we encourage you to take the time to read their privacy policy: https://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Google Analytics and Adwords: Our website uses Google Analytics and Google Adwords which are web analytics services provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze and track how users navigate the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
We will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.
We will not (and will not allow any third party to) use Google Analytics or Google Adwords to track, collect or upload any data that personally identifies an individual (such as a name, email address or billing information), or other data which can be reasonably linked to such information by Google.
We also use Google Adwords for remarketing purposes. We are use remarketing or similar audiences to reach people who previously visited our website and match the right people with the right message. The purpose of this is to better help you navigate and find what you are searching for or may be interested in.
For more information, please refer to Google Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Google Remarketing: Pickering has Google Remarketing tags on our websites, therefore after visiting Pickering websites, Google adverts may appear whilst you browse the vast number of Google partner sites in the Google Display Network.
Hubspot: We use hubspot for building marketing webpages, downloading forms, eBooks and datasheets, creating social media posts and creating and deploying email deployments.
All these sources of marketing content are used to inform our customers about Pickering and our offerings. When requesting to register to our website, download a datasheet, flyer, map or eBook you may be required to provide personal information such as; First Name, Last Name, Company Name, Email, Phone Number, State/Region, Country, Zip and Address.
This information, which is stored and managed on Hubspot servers in the United States, is then used so that the visitors can be contacted about their interest in the company’s goods or services and interact with the company.
You are always given the option to opt-out of receiving any marketing.
For more information, please refer to Hubspot Privacy Policy: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy
Safeguarding Measures
Pickering Electronics takes your privacy seriously and takes every reasonable measure and precaution to protect and secure your personal data. We work hard to protect you and your information from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction and have several layers of security measures in place, including: -
SSL website encryptions
Enterprise Firewall with SPI
Centralized user authentication with dual-factor
Authentication for all external access
Full anti-virus/malware and anti-ransomware scanning
Legitimate Interests
Pickering Electronics will occasionally send you marketing information regarding our products, services or promotions by email and post. These have been identified as being beneficial to our customers and in our interests. Such information will be relevant to you as a customer and is non-intrusive and you will always have the option to opt-out/unsubscribe at any time.
How Long We Keep Your Data
Pickering Electronics only ever retains personal information for as long as is necessary in retaining a business to business relationship. Where you have agreed to us using your details for direct marketing, we will keep such data, unless you notify us otherwise. Please refer to ‘Managing your personal information and preferences’.
In respect of any order correspondence our paper copies are held in accordance with our legal obligations and a retention period of up to 7 years. After this they are safely destroyed by a data shredding company.  Any details stored on our Accounting or CRM System are kept for as long as necessary to support our products and warranty period.  This will then enable us to have a continued long-term customer relationship.
Managing your personal information and preferences
You also have the right to request erasure of your personal data or to restrict processing (where applicable) in accordance with the data protection laws; as well as to object to any direct marketing from us.
For our electronic newsletters, you may at any time update your email preference or unsubscribe by clicking the email preference or the unsubscribe link in the footer of any electronic newsletter.  You can also unsubscribe by visiting this url: http://info.pickeringrelay.com/hs/manage-preferences/unsubscribe
Alternatively, you can stop receiving any communication or your account by emailing: privacy@pickeringrelay.com
Links to Other Websites
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies. Our Cookie and Privacy Policy only applies to this website, therefore please check their policies before you submit any personal information to these websites.
Your Rights
You have the right to access any personal information that Pickering Electronics processes about you and to request information about: -
What personal data we hold about you
The purposes of the processing
The categories of personal data concerned
The recipients to whom the personal data has/will be disclosed
How long we intend to store your personal data for
If we did not collect the data directly from you, information about the source
If you believe that we hold any incomplete or inaccurate data about you, you have the right to ask us to correct and/or complete the information and we will strive to do so as quickly as possible; unless there is a valid reason for not doing so, at which point you will be notified.  If you wish to request a ‘Subject Access Request’ form, please email dataprotection@pickeringrelay.com
Lodging A Complaint
Pickering Electronics only processes your personal information in compliance with this privacy notice and in accordance with the relevant data protection laws.  If you have any concerns on the personal data we hold, please contact us on: -
Address: Pickering Electronics Limited, Stephenson Road, Clacton-on-Sea, Essex, CO15 4NL
Telephone: +44 (0)1255 428141
Email: dataprotection@pickeringrelay.com
If, however you wish to raise a complaint regarding the processing of your personal data or are unsatisfied with how we have handled your information, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority: -
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF
T. 0303 123 1113
www.ico.org.uk
Updates to this Privacy Policy
Pickering Electronics will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and customer feedback. Pickering Electronics encourages you to periodically review this Policy to be informed of how we are protecting your information.  If you wish to contact us in respect of this Privacy Policy, please email dataprotection@pickeringrelay.com
Last modified: May 23, 2018.
TOP
We use cookies to enhance your online experience.
By continuing on our website, you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.OkRead more