https://picturepartnership.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Picture Partnership
Skip to content
Picture Partnership
020 8656 4024
pictures@picturepartnership.co.uk
Menu
MENUMENUHomePhotography
Baby Photography
Bump 2 Baby SchemeNewborn SessionsBaby Steps Scheme
Families & PetsPortfoliosWedding PhotographyCorporate Photography
PR photographyEvents PhotographyEditorial PhotographyCommercial PortraitureProduct PhotographyNews Photography
Photo Services
Gift VouchersSpecial OffersClient AreaAbout UsContact Us
Privacy Policy
This privacy document explains how we collect and process your personal data here at Picture Partnership.
The European Data Law General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) will provide clear information about the data we collect, how we process and protect your personal data, as well as covering your rights as a customer.
Who we are:
Picture Partnership is a well-established photography business with extensive experience in a wide variety of photographic disciplines. Over the past 30 years, we have been privileged to have captured some amazing memories for our clients. Helping you to preserve magic moment’s is what we do best!
Company Contact Details
Name:                           Picture Partnership
Email Address:        pictures@picturepartnership.co.uk
Company Address:213 Wickham Road, Croydon, Surrey, CR0 8TG, United Kingdom
Phone Number:       +44(0)208 656 4024
Why the Policy exists
The purpose of GDPR is to protect the customers rights to ensure that their personal data is protected and not processed without their knowledge and that it is processed with their consent.
Types of data we collect
We collect personal data from our customers, as it helps us to identify you as an individual, that does not include anonymised data and contact you directly from time to time.
The types of personal data we collect are as follows:
Identity Data may include your first name, maiden name, last name, date of birth and gender.
Contact data may include your telephone number, delivery/postal and email addresses.
Financial Data may include payment card details – but we do not store this information.
Profile Datamay include purchases or orders made with us.
Sensitive Data
We do not hold any sensitive information about you such as ethnicity, religious beliefs, political opinions, information about your health, sexual orientation, trade union membership.
How we access your personal information
Firstly we will ask you to provide us with a relevant contact detail in order to maintain a relationship with us. We collect data through a variety of methods, such as:
* Providing data by filling in forms at our studio or on location, from communicating to us directly by phone, email or via our website.
* Requesting purchases, placing an order.
* Participating in a competitions.
Access to your personal information
As part of the GDPR, you are entitled to alter your personal information that we hold. If you need to please contact us at pictures@picturepartnership.co.uk or write to us at 213 Wickham Road, Croydon Surrey CR0 8TG.
Consent (how we use your personal data)
Picture Partnership only uses your personal data when legally permitted. This is done by agreeing to our policy update, this will then give us permission to process your personal data for the purpose identified above.
Consent is required in order for Picture Partnership to process both types of personal data. If we were to use your personal data, we will inform you before hand, whilst informing you why and how the information will be used.
You can withdraw from us at any time, by emailing us at pictures@picturepartnership.co.uk.
Disclosure
Picture Partnership will not pass or sell your personal data to any third parties without obtaining your consent.
Our website address is: https://www.picturepartnership.co.uk.
Website users: What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Website Contact forms
The types of personal data we collect are as follows:
Identity Data may include your first name, maiden name, last name, date of birth and gender.
Contact data may include your telephone number, delivery/postal and email addresses.
Financial Data may include payment card details – but we do not store this information.
Profile Datamay include purchases or orders made with us.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
213 Wickham Road, Shirley, Croydon, CR0 8TG, United Kingdom020 8656 4024pictures@picturepartnership.co.uk
Office Opening Hours: Mon – Sat
/
9.00 – 5.30 Available at other times (24hrs) via appointment only
Like us on Facebook to find out what we're up to and look out for special offers!
Ordering Information | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy