https://pikespeakrv.com/privacy-policy/
Sales 719-596-2716
CLICK HERE FOR COVID-19 UPDATES
Privacy Policy
Since Pikes Peak Traveland is committed to presenting a rich Internet experience, we have prepared this Privacy Policy to disclose our information collection, utilization, and dissemination practices for this web site. Any questions or comments about this policy should be directed to our Webmaster at web.master@pikespeakrv.com.
Introduction
We want to build on the loyal relationship Pikes Peak Traveland has with its visitors and customers. Our commitment to you begins with respecting your privacy. As you choose to share your interests and preferences with us, we will be able to make your online experience with us more enjoyable and rewarding.
If you choose to provide us with personal information, we will be better able to reciprocate by providing you a more personalized experience over time. But, it’s your choice. And, we will protect your privacy as explained in this policy.
If you choose, we will contact you regularly by e-mail. You’ll be able to use your “My Account” page to make decisions about the goods and services you tell us are of interest to you.
We will ask you to tell us what you like and what we should add or change. If you don’t want to participate, just tell us.
If you request that we not contact you for marketing purposes, we will not. However, if you are interested, we may keep you informed of special offers on products and services.
Types and Uses of Information Collected from You
Pikes Peak Traveland collects a variety of information in several ways.
Personal Information – Generally, you can visit our site without revealing any personal information about yourself. At times, though, we may need information about you. Unless otherwise indicated, the information we request is optional. We will specify which information is mandatory at the appropriate data entry points.
If you chose to provide us with personal information that we or the companies doing business with us may need (for example, to process an order or to correspond with you), we will use such information, in accordance with this policy. If you ask us to not use this information as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your request.
Our site collects information from our registration form, order form, online survey, and other contest or subscription registration forms. At these places, we ask you to give us contact information (like name, email address, and personal interests). On certain occasions our website will provide online shopping functionality. While it’s necessary to provide your credit card information at the time you make a purchase, we don’t store your credit card information on our servers.
We may use contact information to (i) send you information about our company, and promotional material from the businesses doing business with us; (ii) contact you when necessary; (iii) share with other companies who may want to contact you; and/or (iv) send orders to you. As stated below, you may opt-out of being contacted in the future.
We may use unique identifiers to verify your identity, for use in our record system, and for marketing purposes.
We may use financial information to check your qualifications and bill you for products ordered and services used. When you transmit credit card information to us, the credit card information is encrypted with SSL (secure socket layer) encryption.
We may use demographic and profile data to tailor your experience at our site. This data allows us to show you content that we think you might be interested in and to display content according to your preferences. Aggregated demographic and profile data may also distributed to the companies doing business with us to provide them with information about our visitors.
We may perform statistical analyses of your behaviors and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform advertisers of such information, as well as the number of visitors that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners.
Pikes Peak Traveland reserves the right to contact you regarding account status, changes to the subscriber/visitor agreement, and other matters relevant to the underlying service and/or the information collected. We also reserve the right to use the information that you give us and to disclose it to third parties to provide you with information about products and services. If you do not want to receive correspondence related to Pikes Peak Traveland or other promotions or products, please indicate your preference by opting-out as described below.
Information From Your Computer – Our site recognizes information about your computer, such as the browser, operating system, IP address, and the home server from which you access the Internet. We keep track of the domains from which people visit our site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart, gather broad demographic data, identify trends and statistics, help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. We may use your IP address information when compiling and reporting aggregate information to companies doing business with us. We normally do not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information; however, when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our terms of service or to protect our service, site, customers, visitors, or others, we may use IP addresses to identify a visitor. In addition to the situations described above, we may disclose visitor information in special instances when we have reason to believe disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interfering with Pikes Peak Traveland’s rights or property, other pikespeakrv.com visitors, or anyone else. We may disclose visitor information when subpoenaed, for government investigations, and when we otherwise believe in good faith that the law requires it.
Pikes Peak Traveland may, from time to time, share information received from you or your computer with other entities such as advertisers on our web site or companies doing business with Pikes Peak Traveland. We reserve the right to distribute your information to third parties at any time, unless you opt-out by asking us to remove your information from our databases and discontinue providing you with information. We reserve the right to sell, rent, lease, or otherwise distribute any information we obtain on or from you to third parties.
www.pikespeakrv.com contains links to other web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other sites. You should check the privacy policies of these other Web sites when providing personally identifiable information.
Access to Personal Information for Reviewing, Editing, and/or Removing
You may, at any time, review, edit, and/or remove any information we have stored on you by contacting us through e-mail at web.master@pikespeakrv.com. We will promptly comply with any request to review, edit, or remove information.
Other Information Practices
Pikes Peak Traveland cannot and does not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services. You transmit information to us at your own risk. However, when you transmit credit card information to us, the credit card information is encrypted with SSL (secure socket layer) encryption. Once we receive your transmission, we and our vendors make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
Acceptance of Terms
Pikes Peak Traveland reserves the right to amend this policy at any time by notifying visitors of the existence of a new privacy policy. This privacy policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. By using this site, you signify that you understand the terms of the www.pikespeakrv.com Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of the Pikes Peak Traveland web site following the posting of changes or amendments to these terms constitutes acceptance of such changes and amendments.
Cookies
Cookies are bits of information that we automatically store on your computer if your computer accepts cookies. Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information such as your name, address or any financial information on your computer. We use cookies to recognize you and your preferences to make shopping easier and provide you with a customized experience on our web site. Access RV places a unique user ID number on your cookie which allows us to access information that will improve your shopping experience, such as holding items in your shopping bag, accessing your addresses, or providing you with customized pages based on your past viewing or purchasing preferences. We also use cookies to track traffic to different parts of our web site in order to make improvements and optimize your shopping experience.
If you do not wish to have a cookie on your system, you can set your browser preferences to refuse them. In order to disable cookies, please consult your browser’s help section for instructions. Please be aware that some parts of our site may require the use of cookies to be fully functional.Complying with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent.
Email Transactions & Marketing
By submitting contact forms or creating an account on our website, you are automatically opting in to receive marketing emails containing exclusive deals, updates and more. You may unsubscribe from our mailings at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link listed at the bottom of each email. Pikes Peak RV only collects and uses the following information (dependent on the information provided to us): name, email address, phone number and mailing address.
Pikes Peak RV takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. Your information will never be shared with any third-parties other than our email marketing provider for the purpose of sending marketing emails as mentioned above or for the fulfillment of any purchased products or services. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the practices of this site, please contact:
Pikes Peak Traveland4815 E. Platte Ave. Colorado Springs, CO 80915(719)596-2716
Request car price
Privacy Policy
Name
Email
Phone
Request
Schedule a Test Drive
Privacy Policy
Name
Email
Phone
Best time
Request
0
Vehicle Compare