https://pilo-watches.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
Pilo & Co SA respects your privacy and is committed to comply with applicable data protection laws and to safeguard your personal data. This Privacy Statement describes the way in which we, Pilo & Co SA collects, use and share personal data about you, how we safeguard your personal data and interact with third parties that may have access to your personal data and finally how you can contact us in case of questions or requests.
By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of your personal data as described in this Privacy Statement. You also acknowledge that Pilo & Co SA may periodically change, update or remove this Privacy Statement at its discretion. In this case, we will post updated versions of this Privacy Statement on this page. A revised Privacy Statement will apply only to data collected subsequent to its effective date. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Your continued use of our services following the positing of changes to the Privacy Statement will mean you accept those changes.
This Privacy Statement applies to personal data collected by Pilo & Co SA online, such as through this website, e-mail, and other online tools and applications, but not to offline collection.
Personal data we collect about you
As part of your interactions with us, we may collect personal data about you as far as this is necessary to conduct our legitimate business interests, to comply with a legal obligation or as agreed by you.
Most of our services do not require any form of registration, allowing you to visit our website without providing us with any information about you. However, some services may require you to register and therefore to provide us with your personal data. The types of personal data we collect depend on the interactions you have with us and the services you use, but generally may include your name and contact details and information about your usage of the website.
We may also collect your personal data by tracking how you interact with our website, for example by using cookies. We may collect the Internet Protocol (IP) address, a number assigned to your computer whenever you access our website to conduct system administration and report aggregated information to affiliates, business partners and/or vendors who conduct website analysis and website performance reviews on our behalf. We may further collect your utilization data, e.g. information on the beginning, end and extent of each access, and information on the telecommunications services you accessed,.  In some instances, we may ask for your consent for collecting and using your personal data for the purposes as outlined in this Privacy Statement, in particular for sending you marketing materials, such as explanatory brochures and information or newsletters or when you participate in any online survey.
How we use your personal data
We will only collect and use personal data about you as described in this Privacy Statement and as necessary
·        to provide you with our services and to process your order
·        to respond to your requests
·        to manage our customer relationship with you
·        to prevent fraud or other illegal activities, such as willful attacks to Pilo & Co SA information technology systems
·        to establish or preserve a legal claim or defense or to support any legal or criminal investigation
·        and otherwise to the extent as permitted or required by applicable laws
We may further anonymize, and aggregate data collected through this website for statistical purposes to help us improve our products and services. Subject to your specific permission that we may collect separately, and your full control to opt out at any time, we may also use your personal data to send you promotional material or newsletters that we think may be of interest to you.
Cookies and usage tracking
We use cookies, small text files that are automatically placed on your computer’s hard drive when you access certain websites, and similar technologies, directly or through third parties, such as web analytics services like Google Analytics. Cookies allow us to store information, such as your domain name, your internet service provider, your operating system, the date and time of access, the pages you visit or the types of searches you perform.
We may use this information to store your preferences and settings, help improve the contents of our website, to enable you to register to websites and applications, and to compile aggregated statistics to evaluate visitors’ use of our website or website activity, and for internal and market research purposes.
You have the right to choose whether or not to accept cookies and to opt out of Google Analytics. You can block cookies by changing your browser settings so that cookies from the website cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. However, please note that if you choose to refuse cookies, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the website. For further information about our use of cookies, please visit our Cookie Policy here.  For more information about Google Analytics, or to opt out of Google Analytics, please click here and go to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Links to other websites
Pilo-watches.com websites contain links to other websites. Please note, that any of these sites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices or the content of other websites but only for the websites controlled by Pilo & Co SA.
Who we share your Personal Data with
We may share, or otherwise disclose your personal data to our affiliated companies or other trusted business partners providing services on our behalf, such as for technical support, to evaluate the usefulness of this website, for marketing purposes or for other types of service delivery. We have contracts in place with these parties to ensure that personal data is processed based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Statement and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We only share your personal data with these parties and other third parties as far as this is necessary to provide any services that you have requested or authorized, to protect your, our, or others’ rights, property or safety, to maintain the security of our services or if we are required to do so because of applicable laws, court or other governmental regulations, or if such disclosure is otherwise necessary in support of any legal or criminal investigation or legal proceeding.
In such cases, we will ensure that appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your Personal Data by implementing appropriate legal mechanisms, such as EU Standard Contractual Clauses. For more information about the safeguards we take, please contact us at contact@pilo-watches.com.
How we secure your personal data
Pilo & Co SA has implemented technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or alteration and against unauthorized disclosure or access to personal data we store. This includes training of our personnel who may have access to your personal data.
How long we store your personal data
We will store your personal data as long as required to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement, unless a longer or shorter retention period is required or permitted by law.
Your rights in respect to your personal data
You have the right to request what personal data we hold about you and to request the correction or deletion of your personal data that is held by us or by a third party with whom we conduct business. In addition, you have the right to object to or to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data and you may lodge a complaint to your data protection authority.
If you would like to make such request, please contact us as described in the section “How to contact us” below. After providing proof of identity, we will respond within a reasonable time.
How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Statement, or want to request access to your Personal Data or exercise your privacy rights, please contact us by clicking “Contact” below.
Pilo & Co SA
11, chemin du Faubourg de Cruseilles
1227 Carouge / Genève
Switzerland
contact@pilo-watches.com
This privacy statement is effective as of June 14, 2019
Go to Contact page
© PILO & CO SA 2020