https://pioneermilitarycredit.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Scope
Pioneer Military Credit (“PMC,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Privacy Policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website PioneerMilitaryCredit.com (our “Website”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
For visitors to this Website, we will use and share any personal information that we collect on this Website from or about you in accordance with our Privacy Notice.
View Privacy Notice
Please read this Policy and our Privacy Notice carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This Policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Information We Collect
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, payment card information, or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (“personal information”);
That is about you but individually does not identify you; and/or
About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies.
From third parties, for example, our business partners.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms, applications, or other online fields on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of requesting products or services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you
contact us.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The information we collect automatically may include personal information. Collecting this information helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include, but are not limited to, the following:
Cookies (or browser cookies): A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you refuse to accept browser cookies you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Objects: Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash objects) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash objects are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. To learn how to manage your Flash object settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable Flash objects from our Website, then you may not be able to access and use all or parts of our Website.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To process your requests, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your account.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any agreements entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Website, products, and services.
To personalize your Website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Website, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in applicable law.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred.
For any other purpose with your consent.
How We Share Your Personal Information
Please see our Privacy Notice for information on how we may share your personal information and how you may be able to limit certain types of sharing.
Third Party Links and Advertising
We may provide links to third party websites, such as credit bureaus, service providers or merchants. If you follow links to sites not affiliated or controlled by PMC, you should review their privacy and security policies and other terms and conditions, as they may be different from those of our Website. PMC does not guarantee and is not responsible for the privacy or security of these websites, including the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of their information.
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) on the NAI’s website.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Any payment transactions will be encrypted.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a username and password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping your username and password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Protecting Children’s Privacy Online
The Website is not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that these individuals do not provide personal information through the Website. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 without parental consent. Visit the Federal Trade Commission website for more information about the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the Website home page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you by email to the email address specified in your account. The date this Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
Questions On This Privacy Policy
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact PMC at questions@pioneermilitarycredit.com.
Rev 5/8/2020