https://pjxray.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Security
Personal information provided on the website and online credit card transactions are transmitted through a secure server. We are committed to handling your personal information with high standards of information security. We take appropriate physical, electronic, and administrative steps to maintain the security and accuracy of personally identifiable information we collect, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers, as well as employing electronic security systems and password protections that guard against unauthorized access. Our website uses encryption technology, like Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), to protect your personal information during transport. SSL encrypts ordering information such as your name, address, and credit card number. Please note that email is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting credit card information.
Information we collect
We may collect the following information:
Details of your visits to our website and the resources that you access, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data.
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website, such as when you sign up to our newsletter, register for information or make a purchase.
Information provided to us when you communicate with us for any reason.
Use of Cookies
On occasion, we may gather information about your computer for our services and to provide statistical information regarding the use of our website. Such information will not identify you personally; it is statistical data about our visitors and their use of our site. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever.
Similarly to the above, we may gather information about your general internet use by using a cookie file. A cookie is a small file that asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
All computers have the ability to automatically accept or decline cookies. Activating the setting on your browser that determines how to deal with cookies can do this. Please note that should you choose to decline cookies, you may be unable to access particular parts of our website.
Use of Your Information
The information that we collect and store relating to you is primarily used to enable us to provide our services to you. In addition, we may use the information for the following purposes:
To provide you with information requested from us, relating to our products or services. To provide information on other products that we feel may be of interest to you, where you have consented to receive such information.
To meet our contractual commitments to you.
To notify you about any changes to our website, such as improvements or service/product changes, that may affect our service.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
If you are an existing customer, we may contact you with information about goods and services similar to those that were the subject of a previous sale to you.
If you do not want us to use your data for our or third parties you will have the opportunity to withhold your consent to this when you provide your details to us on the form on which we collect your data.
Storing Your Personal Data
Personal data that is provided to us is stored on our secure servers.
Certain details relating to any monetary transactions or purchases that are entered into on our site will be encrypted by our website to ensure your safety and privacy.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of data sent to us electronically and transmission of such data is therefore entirely at your own risk. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password so that you can access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
Others With Whom We Share Our Information
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who aid us in operating our website, with data collection and analysis, conducting our business, or servicing you. These parties must agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe it is necessary to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or others rights, property, or safety. However, visitor information which is not personally identifiable may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Online Account Registration
If you are using a public computer, we strongly urge your to LOG OUT at the conclusion of your session. Your information will be stored with us but not be accessible to anyone else from that computer.
Emails
You will receive promotional e-mails from us only if you have asked to receive them. If you do not want to receive e-mail from Penn-Jersey X-ray, you can click “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any e-mail sent by us.
Acceptance
By using this website, you accept the policies set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Proudly Serving the X-Ray Community for More than 30 Years
Penn-Jersey X-Ray is a family-owned, global distributor of x-ray supplies established in 1990. We provide x-ray accessories, radiology supplies, and medical products to hospitals, radiology practices, dental practices, x-ray techs and veterinary practices. From x-ray film markers to protective eyewear, thyroid collars to other radiation projective apparel, x-ray table pads to positioning sponges, our extensive catalogue of state-of-the-art x-ray accessories and supplies can meet all your radiographic needs.
Copyright © 2020 Penn-Jersey X-Ray - Privacy Policy - Return Policy - Terms & Conditions