https://planetsynergy.com/privacy-policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience. Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service. Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To send periodic emails.
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, please send an email to info@planetsynergy.com with the word "unsubscribe" in the subject of the email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at https://www.planetsynergy.com/terms-of-use
To this:
Terms of Use
Please also visit our Terms of Use section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at https://www.planetsynergy.com/terms-of-use
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Planet Synergy, Inc.
5665 Atlanta Hwy 9, Suite 102 B-407
Alpharetta, GA 30004, USA
Email: info@planetsynergy.com
Phone: 678.921.2571
We have clients in the following states...
The power of exceeding expectation and word-of-mouth = property management client's from coast to coast
Site Map
Video Testimonials
FAQs
Home
What We Do
Testimonials
Client Benefits
Our Clients
About Us
Contact Us
Quick Quote
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Terms of Use
We have clients in the following states
If you have any questions, feel free to call us
Call: 678.921.2571
Copyright © 2015. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
| Site Map
|
Terms of Use
| We have clients in the following states
Website by Planet Synergy, Inc.