https://planoptik.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
+49 2664 5068 0info@planoptik.comÜber der Bitz 3, 56479 Elsoff, GermanyFacebook page opens in new windowTwitter page opens in new windowLinkedin page opens in new window
Home ProductsSubstrate Wafers Carriers and Tools Packaging Wafers Interposer
Services Investor Relations News About Us Contact
Welcome to the website of Plan Optik AG. Thank you for visiting our website and your interest in our company, our products and our services.
We respect your private sphere
As the operator of this website and controller, the company Plan Optik AG, Ueber der Bitz 3, 56479 Elsoff, takes the protection of your data very seriously. We therefore view the protection of your private sphere during the processing of personal data and the security of all business data as important considerations which we take into account in our business processes. We treat your personal data confidentially and only process such data in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy notice.
This privacy notice explains which data we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for which purpose this takes place. Data protection and information security are part of our company policy.
This website may contain external links to which this privacy notice does not apply. We have no influence over whether the operators of the linked websites comply with data protection regulations.
What are personal data?
Personal data are data which allow for your personal identification.
1. Recording of data on our website
1.1. Collection and processing of personal data
Your data can be collected, for example, when you provide it to us. This could, for example, be data you enter on a contact form.
When visiting our homepage, the following log data, known as server log files, are collected and saved automatically:
The browser type and browser version
Operating system used
Referrer URL
Host name of the computer used for access
Time of the server query
The IP address
This data is not combined with other data sources.
The data processing is based on Section 6, (1) lit f, GDPR, which allows the processing of data for the fulfilment of a contract or pre-contractual measures.
We refer to the fact that security gaps may exist when transferring data on the internet (with communication by email, for example). Complete protection of the data from access by third parties is not possible.
1.2. Use of personal data
We largely use your data to ensure the error-free provision of our website. Other data may be used to analyse your user behaviour, for customer administration, for product surveys or for marketing purposes. Your data will not be forwarded to third parties without consent.
1.3. SSL and/or TLS encryption
For security reasons and in the interests of protecting confidential content such as any orders or enquires you may send to us as the website operator, this website uses an SSL and/or TLS encryption. You can identify an encrypted connection as the address field in the browser changes from “http://” to “https://” and through a lock symbol in the browser field, for example.
If the SSL- and/or the TLS encryption is activated, the data you transmit to us cannot be accessed by third parties.
2. Rights
2.1. Right to withdraw your consent to the data processing
Many data processing operations are only possible with your explicit consent. You can withdraw consent that you provided on a previous occasion at any time. To do so, sending us an informal message by email is sufficient. In this respect, the lawfulness of the data processing prior to the withdrawal of consent remains unaffected.
2.2. Right to data portability
You or a third party have the right to be provided with the data that we process automatically on the basis of your consent, or for the fulfilment of a contract, in a commonly used, machine-readable format. If you request the direct transfer of the data to another controller, this will only be take place insofar as it is technically feasible.
2.3. Access, blocking, erasure
Within the scope of the applicable legal provisions, you have the right of access to your stored personal data, their origin and recipients and the purpose of the data processing, and to the possible rectification, blocking or erasure of these data, if applicable, at any time. If you have any questions on this matter or the topic of personal data, you can contact our company Data Protection Officer, who is referred to below, at any time.
2.4. Right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority
In case of infringements of the data protection law, the data subject has the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. The responsible supervisory authority for questions regarding data protection law is the State Data Protection Officer of Rhineland Palatinate. The appropriate contact details are available at the following link: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/SharedDocs/Adressen/LfD/Rheinland-Pfalz.html?nn=5217144
2.5. Objection to advertising emails
The use of contact data published for the purpose of sending not expressly requested advertisement and information material is hereby rejected. The operator of the web pages expressly reserves the right to take all legal steps in the case of the unsolicited sending of advertisement information, for example spam emails.
3. Contact form
Should you send us questions via the contact form, we will collect the data entered on the form, including the contact details you provide, to answer your question and any follow-up questions. We do not share this information without your permission.
We will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with your consent per Art. 6 (1)(a) DSGVO. You may revoke your consent at any time. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
We will retain the data you provide on the contact form until you request its deletion, revoke your consent for its storage, or the purpose for its storage no longer pertains (e.g. after fulfilling your request). Any mandatory statutory provisions, especially those regarding mandatory data retention periods, remain unaffected by this provision.
4. Cookies
Our internet pages sometimes make use of “cookies”. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer and saved by your browser. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain viruses. These serve the purpose of making our offer more user-friendly, effective and secure.
The majority are known as “session cookies”. These are deleted automatically at the end of your visit. Others (persistent cookies) are stored on your end-device until you delete them. These allow us to recognize your browser on your next visit to our website.
You can set your browser so that you
are informed about the use of cookies and only allow them in individual cases,
only accept cookies in certain cases, or generally exclude their use, or
activate their automatic erasure when you close your browser.
Deactivating cookies may limit the full functionality of this website.
5. Web Analytics
This website uses the functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics. The provider of this service is Google Ireland Limited („Google“), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which allow for analysis of your use of the website. The information regarding your use of this website which is generated by the cookie is generally transferred to a server of Google in the USA and saved there.
The Google Analytics cookies are saved on the basis Section 6, para. 1 (f), GDPR.
5.1. Browser plug in
By changing your browser settings accordingly, you may prevent cookies from being stored; however, we point out that you may not have full access to all website functions in this case. In addition, you can prevent Google from collecting and processing the data generated by the cookie relating to your use of our websites (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in, which is available under: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
5.2. Objection to collection of data
You can prevent Google Analytics from collecting your data by clicking on the following link. This places an opt-out cookie which prevents the future collection of your data when visiting this website: Deactivate Google Analytics.
Please refer to the privacy notice of Google for further information about the handling of user data at Google Analytics: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.
5.3. Demographic data
This website uses the “demographic data” function of Google Analytics. This allows for the compilation of reports that contain information regarding the age, gender, and interests of the visitors to the website. These data originate from interest-based advertising from Google as well as third-party visitor data. These data cannot be associated with a specific person. You can deactivate this function using the display settings in your Google account at any time or you can generally prevent the collection of your data by Google Analytics as described in the “objection to data processing” section.
5.4. IP anonymisation
We have activated the IP anonymisation function on this website. This means that within member states of the European Union or other states which are party to the agreement on the European Economic Area, your IP address will be abbreviated by Google before it is transmitted to the USA. The full IP address will only be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information
to evaluate your use of the website,
to prepare reports about the website activity,
to provide the website operator additional services relating to the use of the website and the internet.
IP addresses which Google Analytics transmits from your browser will not be combined with other data from Google.
5.5. Contract data processing
We have executed a contract data processing agreement with Google and are implementing the stringent provisions of the German data protection agencies to the fullest when using Google Analytics.
5.6. Archiving period
Data on the user or incident level stored by Google linked to cookies, user IDs or advertising IDs (e.g. DoubleClick cookies, Android advertising ID) will be anonymized or deleted after 26 month. For details please click the following link: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/7667196?hl=en
6. Newsletter
The company Plan Optik AG uses the functions of CleverReach GmbH & Co. KG, Mühlenstr. 43, 26180 Rastede for the delivery of newsletters. The data you provide (such as your email address) will be saved on the servers of CleverReach in Germany and/or Ireland.
If you would like to subscribe to the newsletter which is offered on the website, we require your email address and information which enables us to verify that you are the owner of the email address provided, as well as your confirmation that you agree to the receipt of the newsletter. Other data will only be collected on a voluntary basis.
The data processing takes place on the basis of your consent (Section 6, para. 1 (a), GDPR). You can withdraw this consent at any time by cancelling your subscription to the newsletter. The lawfulness of the data processing prior to the withdrawal of consent remains unaffected. An appropriate link is included in every newsletter email that allows you to cancel your subscription.
For further information about the data protection conditions of CleverReach, refer to: https://www.cleverreach.com/en/privacy-policy.
Execution of a contract data processing agreement
We have entered into a contract data processing agreement with CleverReach and implement the strict provisions of the German data protection agencies to the fullest when using CleverReach.
7. Public procedure directory of Plan Optik AG
7.1. Information on the controller
The controller of the data processing is:
Plan Optik AG
Ueber der Bitz 3
56479 Elsoff
Tel.: +49 2664 5068 0
Email: info@planoptik.com
Represented by: Michael Schilling
7.2. Data Protection Officer
Our company has appointed a Data Protection Officer:
Bärbel Schilling
Plan Optik AG
Ueber der Bitz 3
56479 Elsoff
Email: datenschutz@planoptik.com
7.3. Purpose of the collection, processing and use of data
Plan Optik AG uses personal data insofar as such data are required to fulfil the processing
of a contract or for the completion of pre-contractual measures
of a legal obligation
of a notice/task which is in the public interest or occurs in the exercise of official authority
7.4. Data subjects
Insofar as such data serve the aforementioned purpose, Plan Optik AG uses the
data of business partners
data of employees
data of applicants
7.5. Recipient (groups) of the data transfer
public bodies in the case of overriding statutory provisions
external contractors according to Section 11, BDSG
associated companies
For the completion of processes in the scope of the business purpose, in accordance with the international regulations, data can be transferred to associated companies, public authorities, customers and suppliers in different countries (including third countries).
7.6. Duration of storage and/or erasure of data
The erasure of personal data takes place if you withdraw your consent to its storage, if knowledge of the personal data is no longer necessary for the fulfilment of the purpose of the original storage or if the storage is inadmissible for other legal reasons.
Personal data that are required for billing and accounting purposes, or that are subject to the legal storage obligation, are unaffected.
7.7. Security measures
Plan Optik AG takes security precautions to protect the data that we manage against manipulation, loss, destruction, access by unauthorised persons and unauthorised disclosure. Our security measures are subject to continuous improvement according to technological developments. We furthermore ensure that the personal data we collect are handled in accordance with the data protection regulations by providing our employees with the necessary training.
Go to Top