https://plastomatic.com/about/privacy-policy/
Keyword
Part Number
Keyword
Part Number
Home
Products Product Data SheetsCAD DownloadsInstallation & Maintenance Instructions
Ball Valves
Check Valves
Gauge Guards & Instrumentation
Pressure Regulators
Process Cooling Sticks
Relief, Backpressure, Bypass & Anti-Siphon Valves
Shut-Off and Diverter Valves
Sight Glass & Level Indicators
Solenoid Valves
Venting Valves & Vacuum Breakers
Miscellaneous Process Controls & Pumps
Custom Valves
Industries ServedAquariums and Marine Organism Conservation
Chemical Dosing/Injection
Chemical Processing
Metal Finishing
Semiconductor
Wastewater Treatment
Water Purification
Engineering & TechnicalSample Specifications
Application Bulletins
Technical Articles
Handling of Dry Chlorine and the Use of Plastic Valves
Large Size Pressure Reducing Valves
Redundant Anti-Siphon Diagram
ROI: Advantages of Plast-O-Matic Products
Valve Reference Videos
Training & Seminars
Certifications & Statements
SPEC POM VALVES Form
AboutActuator Overstock Sale
Careers
Innovation
Facilities List
Quality
Sustainability
Trade Shows
Homes for Heroes
Support Our Troops & Veterans Program
Privacy Policy
Latest News
Where To Buy
ContactRegional Managers & Factory Representatives
Contact Info
AVA Actuator Overstock Sale
Translator
Spanish
Korean
Chinese
Japanese
Italian
German
French
Covid 19 Update
Where to Buy
ContactRegional Managers & Factory Representatives
Contact Info
AVA Actuator Overstock Sale
Translator
Spanish
Korean
Chinese
Japanese
Italian
German
French
Site map
Latest News
BASIKS Value Line
AVA Actuator Overstock Sale
Home>About>Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
Last revised on May 22, 2018
Your privacy is important to us. Please read below to learn how we at Plast-O-Matic Valves, Inc. (“POM”) collect, use, and secure your personal information. Our goal is to provide you with the best valve specifying  experience possible and we are committed to protecting your privacy and creating a safe and secure online environment for anyone who visits  our website, located at www.plastomatic.com or through our partner websites (each a “Site”). Finally, it describes your choices regarding the use, access and correction of your personal information. By using the Site you agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement and you expressly consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data as described herein.
Information POM Collects From You
We collect information from you, including information that directly or indirectly identifies you (“Personal Data”), to provide you with better services. In some cases, the information we request may be Personal Data in order to fulfill an order and enable you use certain services on this Site. For example:
If you fill in a form to receive e-mails including product news and promotions, or to request more information, we will use this information to contact you.  Your email address will be collected and saved
In addition to information we collect to complete a purchase, when you use our Site we automatically collect information which helps us improve our Site. We do not link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you. We gather this information to analyze trends and performances over time to make our Site and services more useful to you. POM uses third-party service providers to help us gather and analyze information about our customers. These service providers are contractually restricted from using your information in any manner other than in helping us to provide you with the products and services available on our Site. For example:
For all POM visitors our servers collect information about your Site visit, such as IP address, browser type, domain names, operating system, access times, duration of visit, referring URL, platform, new/repeat information, timestamp and exit page information. We do not associate this information with any personal data.  Likewise, our third party vendors do not associate this information with any personal data.
Cookies
We, along with our marketing service providers use automatic data collection tools, which may include web beacons, cookies, embedded web links, and other commonly used information-gathering tools to analyze trends, administer the site, track users’ movements around the site and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. For specific instructions on how to control the use of cookies, select the browser you use to access this site and follow the instructions to update or restrict the use of cookies at the browser level: Chrome, Internet Explorer, Safari, Firefox, Opera, Edge. Additionally, if you would prefer to prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on by clicking here.
Private-label Partner Websites
In addition to receiving user data from the Site, we may receive Personal Data about you from companies that provide our services by way of private-labeled websites or companies that offer their products and/or services on our Site. We use this only to improve the services we provide.
This data is not associated with any type of personal account  or personal information at any time.
How We Use the Information You give Us
The data we gather is used only to improve our website and its services.  Any contact data you provide is used only to respond to your requests, contact you if problems arise and, if you have selected to receive them, send you promotional messages.
Provide improved administration of our Site and services
Detect and prevent fraud, spam, abuse, and other harmful activity
Conduct risk assessments
Provide customer service
Send you promotional messages, marketing, or other information that may be of interest to you based on your communication preferences
POM collects, processes, stores, discloses and disposes of Personal Data that you submit to us in accordance with applicable United States law, which may be less stringent than the laws of your country. Please note that the Personal Data you submit to our Site will be transferred to the United States to be processed by POM for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Statement. If you are not a resident of the United States, you acknowledge and agree that we may collect, use and store your Personal Data, as discussed in this Privacy Statement, outside of your resident jurisdiction.
How Your Information is Protected
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Data submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our Site, you can contact us at info@plastomatic.com
With Whom Your Information May Be Shared
When you use the POM site, the Personal Data you provide will be used solely to fulfill your information request.
Sharing Non-Personal Data
From time to time, we may share general statistical information about our Site and visitors — such as number of visitors, aggregate and non-personally identifiable demographic data, number and type of goods and services booked, etc. — with our partners. However, we do not reveal your name, address or other Personal Data for anything other than the use that you originally intended.
Sharing Personal Data by Law
Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data, In certain situations, POM may disclose information about you to others if we have a good faith belief that we are required to do so by law or legal process or in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, to respond to claims, or to protect the rights, property or safety of POM or others. This includes, but is not limited to, customer fraud, technical malfunctions or abuse of our network or systems. We also may provide customer information to third parties, such as credit card companies, for the purpose of resolving disputes that arise in the normal course of business. Except as otherwise stated above, POM will not disclose your Personal Data to any third party without your consent.
This Site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by POM. Please be aware that when you click on a link to any other website or location, such as a payment processing site, you will leave our Site and go to another site and another entity may collect Personal Data from you. POM does not control or review these outside sites or content and is not responsible for the privacy practices of such sites. This Privacy Statement applies only to information collected by this Site.
Affiliates and Acquisitions
We may share some or all of your Personal Data with: (a) our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control (“Affiliates”), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Statement, and and (b) potential purchasers or investors in the company subject to confidentiality obligations by such entities. In the event that POM or substantially all of POM’s assets are acquired, customer information may be transferred to POM’s successor company. In the event such a transfer occurs, your Personal Data will be subject to the same protection as it was prior to the transfer.
What Choices Are Available?
If you choose to opt out of future contact, you may do so directly through the latest email or simply opt out by contacting info@plastomatic.com
If you live inside the European Economic Area, you have the right to access, rectify, download or erase your information, as well as the right to restrict and object to certain processing of your information. If you would like to exercise such rights, send en email to info@plastomatic.com.  We will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Public Forums
Our web site does not offer publicly accessible blogs or community forums.
Social Media Features and Widgets
Our web site includes social media features, such as the Instagram and Twitter button and widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Advertising
POM does not display third party advertising on our web site.
Children
Children are not eligible to make purchases on our Site and we ask that anyone under the age of 13 not submit any Personal Data to us. POM does not knowingly collect Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13.
Notification of Changes
This Privacy Statement is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any material changes in the way we use your Personal Data, we will notify you by sending you an email to the last email address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our Site. Any changes to this Privacy Statement will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an email notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Site. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Site. Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your account to provide us with your most current email address. In the event that the last email address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the email containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. In any event, changes to this Privacy Statement may affect our use of Personal Data that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Personal Data, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your Account with us. Continued use of our Site or service, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
Opt Out Opportunity
We provide you the opportunity to opt-out of having your Personal Data used for certain purposes when we ask for such information. If you no longer wish to receive free newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included at the bottom of each communication, by emailing us at info@plastomatic.com or by contacting us at (973) 256-3000.  Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to your account or your use of the Site.
To opt out of push notifications, please go to device settings to turn off notifications. You may opt out of location based services at any time by editing the setting at the device level.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns regarding your privacy or security on our Site, feel free to contact us by email, phone or postal mail. Our customer care associates are available to answer your questions or address your concerns.
E-mail: info@plastomatic.com
Phone (toll-free): +1 973-256-3000
1384 Pompton Avenue, Cedar Grove NJ 07009 USA