https://platform1design.com/privacy-policy/
Who we are
Platform 1 Design LLP is a graphic- and website-design practice based in Corsham.
Our address is 9 Pool Green, Corsham, Wiltshire SN139SN
You can contact us by telephone on 01225 869 333 or email us at info@platform1design.com
Our Limited Liability Partnership Company Number is OC412443
Privacy policy
This Privacy Policy has been developed to assure you of our commitment to your privacy and that of all our clients, and it sets out how we use and protect any information that you provide us when you use this website. Platform 1 Design LLP is governed by the data protection laws in the United Kingdom and takes all reasonable care to prevent any unauthorised access to your personal information.
Please read this privacy policy carefully. If you are visiting our website or using any our services, by continuing to do so, you indicate your agreement to our use of your personal information as set out in this privacy policy.
Information collection and purpose
Information that you share with Platform 1 Design LLP enables us to provide a service to you and we collect this information by telephone, electronic and written correspondence or via our website. We may ask you for information including your full name, private/business address, job title, contact telephone numbers and email address. We may also ask you for other information that relates to the service you are using or ordering.
Please note we do not use cookies to collect information from visitors to our website.
We will process and store any personal information internally only and will not disclose it to any third parties without authorisation. We will, however, provide information when required to do so by law, for example under a court order, or in response to properly made demands, under powers contained in the Data Protection legislation.
New legislation
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) provides rights to individuals regarding the collection, storage and use of their personal data. This privacy policy has been updated to take account of any new requirements under GDPR, which will be enacted in the UK via a revised Data Protection Act.
How we use personal data
We will only use your data for the purposes we have specified. Your data will not be shared with any third parties (unless specifically requested or agreed in advance by yourselves). Personal data means any information which relates to a living individual who can be identified either directly or indirectly by reference to an identifier such as their name, email address and other personal details.
Data security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Amending or removing your details
You may amend your registration details at any time or ask us to remove your details from our files by emailing us at info@platform1design.co.uk. On receipt of such request we will endeavour to respond to you as soon as possible, but at least within one calendar month. You must provide us with two forms of personal identity to ensure that we only disclose to you information that is relevant to you personally.
Should you wish to know what personal information Platform 1 Design LLP holds about you, we ask that you put your request in writing and send it to us.
Changes to our privacy policy
We may change our privacy policy from time to time. This policy was last reviewed on 25 May 2018.