http://plcopen.org/privacy-statement
Privacy Statement
This privacy statement is applicable for all visitors of the PLCopen website. We respect the privacy of our website visitors and act in compliance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Processing of personal data
When you contact PLCopen your personal data will only be recorded to be able to communicate with you. These data will not be shared with third parties without your consent.
We only share your company contact details with third parties when appropriate in the context of your communication with PLCopen. For example, we share company email addresses of and with persons representing the PLCopen members within our technical and promotional committees.
When subscribing to our free-of-charge electronic newsletter, your name and email address will only be recorded for the purpose of the distribution of our newsletter. These basic data are stored on our own secured computer system. You can unsubscribe at any time by contacting us with your request to cancel the subscription, either by sending us an email or by using the link provided in our newsletter. In that case your email address will be deleted from our distribution list.
When using one of our website forms to request for information about PLCopen activities, your name and email address will only be recorded and used for the issues related to your request in order to communicate with you.
The PLCopen website is using Matomo for website analytics. The only purpose is for website statistics to analyze the number of visitors, which pages are visited and when, in order to improve the information services to our public. We do not collect your IP data. Matomo treats user data with care by storing it on secure servers helping us to observe international privacy laws, like GDPR, USA privacy laws, Chinese Internet Law and Russian Law 526-FZ.
Security
PLCopen takes care of a proper technical and physical security of their data systems.
Our website is using a secured SSL connection and our systems are username & password protected, thus enabling only authorized persons to access our data.
Cookies
PLCopen is not using any cookies on its website.