http://plusmodels.com/terms-of-use/
Home > Terms of Use
Terms of Use
The following conditions apply to all PlusModels sites
and domains, including but not limited to www.plusmodels.com.
This site may not be used by members or non-members to sell or promote
any commercial product, service, or merchant or web site offering commercial
goods and/or services without express permission from PlusModels. This
applies to both for profit and free goods or services. This
includes use of the discussion boards, chat room, private messenger
system and comments sections.
Please be aware that unsolicited e-mail offers,
for the purpose of sales, sent to PlusModels members are prohibited
at all times with the exception of photography. Our members have been
asked to report unsolicited e-mails that are believed to have originated
via the web site.
The name PlusModels, or any other piece of intellectual
property belonging to PlusModels, is the sole property of PlusModels,
and may not be used on any other web site express written consent from
the founder, nor may it be used in conjunction with any unethical, immoral
or obscene materials, communications or web site content.
Use of information from this web site to form
e-mail “spam” lists or solicitation lists of any kind is strictly prohibited.
Use of any of the written content of this web
site on any other web site or printed material without express permission
from PlusModels is prohibited.
Use of the discussion boards, model directory,
and/or any other vehicle of communication provided on this web site
to harass, deliberately misinform, or deliberately mislead or confuse
others is strictly prohibited.
Failure to comply with the above terms and conditions
may result in legal action by PlusModels. These terms and conditions
are subject to amendment without prior notice. Thank you.
Privacy Policy Statement
PlusModels does not and will not make its member
list available to any outside party for any reason whatsoever unless given
express permission by a member to forward targeted offers. If you wish
to participate in an e-mail targeted marketing program, please contact
us.
We can be reached via e-mail at email@plusmodels.com
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server
automatically recognizes only the consumer’s domain name, but not the
e-mail address (where possible). We collect the e-mail addresses of those
who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those
who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages
consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such
as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is not shared with other
organizations for commercial purposes.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to and remember
your login information in our discussion board area.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in
the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line
you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you
offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies
that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit
to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your
domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further
information, consult the privacy policies of: http://www.linkshare.com/,
http://www.cj.com/,
and http://www.amazon.com/
From time to time, we may use customer information
for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will
post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes
and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you
are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back
at our Web site periodically. If you feel that this site is not following
its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above address.
Recent
Popular
Comments
Tags
Get Started in Plus Modeling Not sure where to start? These hand-selected articles will help you get started right away!
Plus-Size Modeling Requirements
Finding an Agency
Tips for Teens
Dealing with Agency Rejection
Beware of Modeling Scams
Modeling Terminology
There's no such thing as too much education. Get the most juice from PlusModels:
Subscribe to RSS feed
Models
Clothing
Vintage 1977 Palladium Plus Dundee High School Class Ring Sz 10.25 14.5 g$799.99 RARE VINTAGE 90s Star Wars Life size R2D2 Pepsi Cooler & 40 Plus Stuffed Vintage$549.99 GRENEKER Mannequin Plus Thick Size Female Full Realistic Statue Vintage Paulina$450.0 Vintage 1979 Silver Palladium Plus Susquenita High School Ring Sz 6.25 5.85 g$355.5