https://pmbllc.com/pmb-llc-privacy-policy/
PMB LLC Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for PMB LLC and its affiliates, and describes the personal information we collect on www.pmbllc.com and how we may use it. Please read this privacy policy carefully to get an understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your personal information in accordance with our website. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website and not to other websites that may be linked to it.  This privacy policy does not address our privacy practices with respect to any nonpublic personal information we may collect from individual investors in any investment product that we sponsor or manage; such practices are addressed in separate notices to investors or potential investors.
How We Use the Information We Obtain
We may use the information we obtain from you for the following purposes to:
• Send periodic emails about PMB insights or services, such as market commentary and email alerts.
• Send you promotional materials, newsletters and other communications.
• Communicate with you about providing our services to you.
How We Protect Personal Data
We maintain administrative and technical safeguards designed to protect personal information.
Information Obtained by Automated Means
We may use “cookies” on our website. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember when you access articles or videos. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, some features of our website may be disabled.
Third-Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personal information.
Website Analytics
We use third-party web analytics tools provided by service partners such as Google Analytics, MixPanel and Singular to collect information about how you interact with our website or mobile applications, including what pages you visit, what site you visited prior to visiting our website, how much time you spend on each page, what operating system and web browser you use and network and IP information. We use the information provided by these tools to improve our services. These tools place persistent cookies in your browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our website. Each cookie cannot be used by anyone other than the service provider. The information collected from the cookie may be transmitted to and stored by these service partners on servers in a country other than the country in which you reside. Though information collected does not include personal data such as name, address, billing information, etc., the information collected is used and shared by these service providers in accordance with their individual privacy policies. Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies and how to restrict or disable certain cookies.
Opting Out
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Privacy Rights
Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California residents may request certain information regarding our disclosures in the prior calendar year, if any, of their personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at info@pmbllc.com with “California Privacy Rights Request” in the subject line or using the contact information below.
California “Do Not Track” Privacy Disclosures
We do not use technical measures to track your activities, whether you configure your browser’s Do Not Track feature or otherwise.  However, some third-party websites that may attempt to track your activity when you utilize those interfaces.
Children’s Information.
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13.  If you become aware that your child or any child under your care has provided information without your consent, please contact us immediately using the contact information provided below. In addition, a business subject to California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 must allow California residents under age 18 who are registered users of online sites, services or applications to request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted. Your request should include a detailed description of the specific content or information to be removed. Please be aware that your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances.
Notice to Users Outside the United States
Our website is located and directed to individuals in the United States. If you are accessing the website from outside the U.S., you do so at your sole risk and are responsible for compliance with all applicable local laws.
If you choose to use the website outside of the United States, you understand and consent to the transfer of your personal information to, and the collection, processing and storage of your personal information in, the United States and other countries. The laws in the United States regarding personal information may be different than the laws of your state or country.
No Offers or Reliance
The information on this website is provided for informational purposes only. No content or other material on this website shall be used or considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy our securities or services or that of any other issuer. Offers can only be made where lawful under, and in compliance with, applicable law.
We make no representations that transactions, products or services discussed on the website are available or appropriate for sale or use in all jurisdictions or by all investors. Those who access the website do so at their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws or regulations.
While we use reasonable efforts to obtain information from reliable sources, we make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy, reliability or completeness of any information or document at the website obtained outside of us. Certain information on the website may contain forward-looking statements, which reflect our views with respect to, among other things, our operations and financial performance. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties and speak only as of the date on which they are made. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from this indicated in these statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as “outlook,” “indicator,” “believe,” “expect,” “potential,” “continue,” “may,” “should,” “seek,” “approximately,” “predict,” “anticipate,” “optimistic,” “intend,” “plan,” “estimate,” “aim,” “will” or the negative version of these words or similar expressions. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any information on the website, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. Opinions and any other content at the website are subject to change without notice.
We are not utilizing the website to provide investment or other advice, and no information or material at the website is to be deemed a recommendation to buy or sell any securities or is to be relied upon for the purpose of making or communicating investment or other decisions. In addition, no information, content or other materials contained on the website should be construed or relied upon as investment, legal, accounting, tax or other professional advice or in connection with any offer or sale of securities. Any transactions listed on the website are included as representative transactions and are not necessarily reflective of overall performance.
We do not advise on the tax consequences of any investment.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
info@pmbllc.com
3394 Carmel Mountain Road Suite 200
San Diego, CA 92121