https://pmi.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy and Security Policy
PMI are committed to protecting your privacy. Here we explain how we collect information, what we do with it and what controls you have.Our personal information handling policy and procedures have been developed in line with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation and applicable national law.
Definitions
PMI/Us/Our/We means Process Management International Ltd or other company within the PMI & EG Group Ltd.Service (s) means the services to be provided to Client by PMI (including a Public Training Seminar) that may be more particularly set out in the Details as modified by agreement of the parties from time to time.Personal Data/Information The term “Personal Data” as used in this Privacy Policy refers to information such as your name, birth date, e-mail address, mailing address, or telephone number that can be used to identify you.
What data we collect
Your personal data will be used to provide the information, goods and Services offered to you, for billing and order fulfilment. We may ask for details of any disabilities and learning support requirements ahead of Service delivery.We collect personal information through the use of cookies from the information that you send to us when you:Register for a DemoVisit our websiteOrder products or servicesJoin our email newsletter.We may compile statistics about the use of Our site including data on traffic, usage patterns, user numbers, sales, and other information.
Privacy Promise
We know how important it is to keep your personal information safe and secure online. All personal data is processed and stored securely, for no longer than is necessary, in line with the reason(s) for which it was first collected. We will comply with Our obligations and safeguard your rights under the GDPR at all times.Our use of your personal data will always have a lawful basis, either because it is necessary for Our performance of a contract with you, because you have consented to Our use of your personal data (e.g. by subscribing to emails), or because it is in Our legitimate interests.
Data Sharing
We may sometimes contract with third parties to supply products and services to you on Our behalf. These may include payment processing, delivery of goods, search engine facilities, advertising, learning management services and marketing. In some cases, the third parties may require access to some or all of your data. Where any of your data is required for such a purpose.We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data will be handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, Our obligations, and the obligations of the third party under the law.We will not sell, share, or otherwise distribute your Personal Data to third parties except as provided in this Privacy Policy.
Security
Account securityYou are responsible for your account security, password and any activities on it. We are not responsible for anything that may happen if you do not protect your password or account.Site securityOur website and portals use the highest level of security available for online purchases. Any personal information that you send is securely encrypted by a 128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). This makes your data difficult to be used by someone else.How to check that you are in a secure areaYou can check that the page has been encrypted and that it is safe for you to continue with your purchase. Our website address will change, when you proceed to the payment page. The part of the address starting with “http” will change to “https”. You can find it at the top of your screen.Your rightsYou have the following rights under the GDPR, which this Policy and Our use of personal data have been designed to uphold:The right to be informed about Our collection and use of personal data;The right of access to the personal data we hold about you (see section 8);The right to rectification if any personal data We hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete. Please contact us using support@pmi.co.uk;The right to be forgotten – i.e. the right to ask Us to delete any personal data We hold about you (We only hold your personal data for a limited time, as explained in section 6 but if you would like Us to delete it sooner, please contact Us using the details in section 9);The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data;The right to data portability (obtaining a copy of your personal data to re-use with another service or organisation);The right to object to Us using your personal data for particular purposes; andRights with respect to automated decision making and profiling. If you have any cause for complaint about Our use of your personal data, please contact Us using support@pmi.co.uk and We will do Our best to solve the problem for you. If We are unable to help, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK’s supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office.
The information on this site is provided solely for general illustration and instructional purposes and does not create a business or professional services relationship.  Any reliance upon the information on this site or related sites or sites mentioned is solely at the users own risk.  All trademarks referred to on this site are properties of their respective owners.Except where otherwise noted, all site contents are Copyright © Process Management International Ltd 1998 – 2020.All Rights Reserved.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
yoursto keep
Book a PMI Lean Six Sigma Green Belt, Black Belt or Master Black Belt public training course and we’ll send you an Apple iPad to use in the live virtual classroom which is then yours to keep!