https://pmnetwork.com.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyWho we areThis website is owned and operated by Project Managers Network Pty Ltd, a limited liability company registered and operating in Sydney Australia, and its parent company Makuta Partners Pty Ltd, a closely held company also headquartered in Sydney Australia.Project Managers Network is a professional service company engaged in training and management consulting specialising in project and program management.Our website address is: https://www.pmnetwork.com.au.What personal data we collect and why we collect itCommentsWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.MediaVisitors to our website are not usually permitted to upload any form of media unless required and enabled by one of our
online training courses. However, media uploaded by you for this purpose is assumed to be owned or originated by you and submitted free of any copyright obligations on our part. Information uploaded may be read, viewed and shared within our organisation freely to allow us to deliver the services offered in our training course.If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.CookiesIf you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.Contact formsContact forms are used on this website for newsletter subscriptions or to provide a method of requesting sales calls, requests for proposal and quotations.Personal information taken from contact forms such as telephone numbers and emails will be retained in an external email database in compliance with EU GDPR terms and conditions.
You can ask for the removal of any such data at any time and initiate its removal via our website or in response to any of our emails that are sent to you.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.AnalyticsWho we share your data withInformation regarding your visit to our website is only shared with in aggregate with other visitors search engines to track visitor numbers to our website and to monitor the effectiveness of our Search Engine Optimisation (SEO).Any specific data you provide to us when you register on our site, enrol in a training course or opt into our emails, such as your email, and other personal data, will only be retained by us for the agreed purpose and will not be shared with any other third parties.How long we retain your dataIf you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.What rights you have over your dataIf you have an account on this site or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you.This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.Where we send your dataVisitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service that is maintained by another service provider.Personal information such as emails will be retained in external email database in compliance with EU GDPR terms and conditions.
You can ask for removal of any such data at any time and initiate its removal via our website or in response to any of our emails that are sent to you.Additional informationFrom time to time, in response to both industry, national and international regulatory requirements regarding retention of personal or business data, we may make adjustments or changes to these Privacy Standards.Any such change will be noted here on this page with a date stamp indicating when and how those changes have been made.
By visiting our site, you agree to our privacy policy regarding cookies, tracking statistics, etc. Read more Accept X