https://policy.dainese.com/privacy
Dainese Privacy Policy
USA
EU EN
EU IT
EU FR
EU DE
EU ES
Introduction
Effective Date: 3.5.2019
Welcome to www.dainese.com. Please read our Privacy Policy carefully. It governs the way in which data is collected and used and information we learn about you from your visit to the website.  This Privacy Policy applies to users of the United States section of www.dainese.com (the "www.dainese.com US Site") regardless of whether you purchase products or not, or when you register with the www.dainese.com US Site, or when you use our services.  By using the www.dainese.com US Site, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not want to accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy, please do not use the www.dainese.com US Site.
The www.dainese.com US Site is operated by Dainese USA Inc., a Delaware corporation having an address at 1001 Brioso Drive, Costa Mesa, California, 92627 United States of America ("DAINESE USA"). DAINESE USA is a subsidiary of DAINESE S.p.A., an Italian company having its registered address at Via Louvigny, 35 – Colceresa (VI ) 36060 Italy ("DAINESE").
Since personal data of users and customers of the www.dainese.com US Site may be processed in Italy, any such processing of personal data will be conducted in compliance with applicable US law as well as the Italian Personal Data Protection Code (Legislative Decree no. 196 dated June 30, 2003) (the “Privacy Code”) and the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the “GDPR”).  The following information on our data processing is provided in compliance with Section 13 of the Privacy Code and Article 13 of the GDPR:
Dainese USA is the controller of personal data of users and customers of the www.dainese.com US Site.  As controller of personal data, DAINESE USA independently determines the purposes and means by which your personal data is processed, including all security measures. DAINESE is  a joint controller and may, with your consent, process your data for marketing purposes. For further information on how your personal data are processed by DAINESE, please read DAINESE privacy policy at the following LINK.
Types of personal data collected
The data collected from users and customers of the www.dainese.com US Site includes personal data such as first and last name, mailing and email address, telephone number, gender, personal preferences and other account-related information, and other non-personal data (i.e. motorcycle model). Personal data is collected through users and customers’ voluntarily submissions when establishing a customer account, requesting information, purchasing our products or otherwise engaging our services, receiving electronic notices or other similar communications and other similar activities. Other data collected from users and customers of the www.dainese.com US Site may include IP address, the type of web browser and operating system you are using to access our system, or the type of device you have used to access the website, as well as aggregate information such as how many users log on to the website on a daily basis, and pages most frequently accessed.
Purposes of processing
DAINESE and DAINESE USA may process your data for legitimate business purposes in our interests, including allowing us to enhance, personalize or improve our services / communications for the benefit of our customers. Your data will be used:
a) to administer our website and its contents to you;b) to provide you with information, products or services depending on the type of services you use;c) to allow registration on the website and in our database, facilitating any purchases you would make on our website;d) to provide you with notices about your account;e) to allow you to participate in interactive features on our website;f) to send sales and promotional information or newsletter, if you give your consent, to the e-mail address you have provided;g) to profile your consumer habits, if you give your consent, which is not necessary to complete registration, in order to help you, either through the website or by sending promotional messages, choose the products that, according to us, best suit your tastes;h) to respond to any inquiries or comments you submit;i) to improve our website and the services it performs, or to make the website more interesting for visitors; andj) for any other purpose with your consent.
Means of data processing
Personal data may be processed by paper or automated means, including through the database management software HubSpot CMR and HubSpot Email (for more information click here) for such time as may be required to achieve the above-described purposes, taking the necessary security measures required by applicable law. We also use Cookies to make our website easier to use. For more information on our Cookie Policy, click HERE.
Mandatory or optional submission of personal data
Filling out the form is voluntary and therefore optional. Refusal to submit your personal data will not allow us to provide you with information, products or services. If you would like to update any information you have sent to us, or if you do not want to receive information from DAINESE USA or DAINESE, please contact us at privacy@dainese.com.
Areas of communication and disclosure
Personal data may be communicated to the personnel of DAINESE, DAINESE USA and other subsidiaries of Dainese Group, or other external parties operating for DAINESE USA as its data processors. We may also share or disclose your data with third parties including to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets or stock, in which Personal Information held by us about our Users is among the assets transferred; with law enforcement agencies in order to comply with legal orders or to the extent in which we believe in good faith that cooperation is required; with parties who may investigate any suspected or actual illegal activities; to third-party vendors who we use to support our business and help provide goods or services to you; to execute the purpose for which you provided the information; with analytics and search engine marketers who may assist us in optimizing our website; with credit agencies for the purposes of assessing your credit score where this is a condition of entering into a transaction with you; or with other third-parties from time to time who may assist us in running contests, special offers or events. Some of these persons, including DAINESE USA, may be located outside the European Union. The technical management of this website is also overseen by companies located outside the European Union, and the personnel of these companies may have access to personal data but only in the case of exceptional requirements related to the technical operation of the website. All transfers of personal data outside the EU are subject to EU-Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses containing appropriate safeguards under applicable law. For more information or to obtain copies, email privacy@dainese.com. Personal data will not be disclosed to any other persons unless we inform you in advance to allow you to exercise your related rights.
Tracking and Do not track requests
Although some browsers allow you to send a signal indicating that you do not wish to be "tracked", our Services do not recognise or respond to "Do Not Track" signals. Third parties may also “track” your online activities across this website, on other websites, and over time.
Rights acknowledged by the law
You may exercise your rights under Title II, Section 7 of the Privacy Code or Chapter III, Articles 15-21 of the GDPR (including the right to access, transport, rectify, or erase your personal data, or object to or restrict its processing, or transform it into anonymous form). To the extent any of our processing is based on your consent, you may withdraw such consent at any time. All of these rights may be exercised by sending an e-mail request to: privacy@dainese.com. You may also lodge a complaint to your local Data Protection Authority if you believe your information is being misused in any way.
Data Controller and data processor
The Data Controller for processing is DAINESE USA., with office in 1001 Brioso Drive, California CA, United States of America. Joint Data controller is DAINESE S.p.A. with registered office in Via Louvigny, n. 35 - 36060 Colceresa (VI). In order to monitor compliance with the GDPR and the laws applicable to the processing of personal data by Dainese, Dainese S.p.A. has appointed a third party, independent, as Data Protection Officer: it is the lawyer Luca De Muri, domiciled for the office at the headquarters and reachable at the email address privacy@dainese.com.
Children under the age of 13
Our website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this website or on or through any of its features/register on the website, make any purchases through the website, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at privacy@dainese.com.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our website that are California residents to request certain information regarding disclosure of personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@dainese.com with "California Privacy Request" in the email subject line, or write us at 1001 Brioso Drive, California CA, United States of America. You must include sufficient detail for us to locate your file; at a minimum, your name, and email or postal address.
Revisions to the Privacy Policy
The Internet and the benefits it offers are evolving rapidly, as are the ways in which people use the Internet and the laws surrounding such use. DAINESE therefore reserves the right to update and revise this Privacy Policy at any time. You can determine if this Privacy Policy has been revised since your last visit by referring to the "Effective Date" at the top of this page. Your use of our website constitutes your acceptance of the terms of the Privacy Policy as amended or revised by us, and you should therefore review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure that you are aware of its terms.
Introduction
Welcome to www.dainese.com hereinafter (the “Site”). Please read our Privacy Policy carefully. It applies both if you should decide to simply connect with and browse the Website and use its services without purchasing any product, and if you purchase the products or services offered for sale.
Unless specified otherwise this Privacy Policy also applies to data collected by other means than this Site.
By using the Website, you accept the terms given in the Privacy Policy and the disclosure at the foot of the Privacy Policy. Please do not use the Website if you disagree with any of the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy.
The processing of the Personal Data of users and consumers (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Users") shall be carried out in compliance with applicable European legislation (GDPR – EU Privacy Regulations 679/2016 and EPrivacy Regulations) and the Personal Data Protection Act (hereinafter the “Privacy Act”, Legislative Decree No. 196 of 30 June 2003, and after its abrogation, the equivalent Italian legislation), regulating the processing of personal data carried out i) as a service by a data holder or a data processing manager in the EU, regardless of the fact that processing is done in the European Union. 4.5.2016 L 119/32 Official Journal of the European Union IT; and ii) processing of personal data of data subjects situated in the EU, carried out by a data holder or data processing manager not established in the EU, when processing tasks regard: a) the supply of goods or services to the above data subjects in the EU, regardless of whether the data subject is obliged to make a payment; or b) monitoring their behaviour in the measure in which such behaviour takes place within the European Union.
Processing takes place in respect of fundamental freedoms and rights and of the dignity of the data subject, with specific reference to confidentiality, personal identity and the right to the protection of personal data.
1. The policy
Dainese S.p.A. (hereinafter “Dainese”) respects the rights of their Users to be informed about data collection and other processing of their Personal Data. For processing of data that can directly or indirectly identify your person the Website has therefore been configured in such a way as to ensure that use of Personal Data has been minimised and to exclude processing of Personal Data when the purposes pursued in the individual cases can be achieved by using anonymous data (such as, for example, market research aimed at improving services, analysis of the pages and content recording the most visits and clicks, from users from other sites or on-line channels) or carried out in other ways, which enable identification of the data subject only where strictly necessary or required by the authorities and police forces (such as, for example, for data relating to traffic and time spent on the Website or your IP address).
2. Types of data
When filling in the forms available on our sites you are never asked for "sensitive" (personal data susceptible to reveal racial and ethnic origin, religious, philosophical or other sorts of convictions, political opinions, membership of parties, trade unions, associations or organisations of a religious, philosophical, political or trade union nature, as well as personal data susceptible to reveal state of health or sex life) or "judicial" (data concerning criminal record, or relating to being a defendant or under investigation, etc.).
The data we process belong to three general categories: i) browsing data; ii) data provided actively by the data subject; iii) relevant data collected from third parties and on the Internet through HubSpot software (described below).
i) Browsing data
During normal operation computer systems and software procedures responsible for keeping this site working collect some personal information whose transmission is implicit in use of Internet communication protocols. This information is not collected to be associated with identified data subjects, but given their nature could allow for identifying users when processed and associated with data kept by others. Falling in this category of data are IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilised by users who connect to our Site, URI addresses of requested resources, the time of the request, the method used for submitting the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the response given by the server (success, error, etc.), the country of origin, and other parameters related to the user's operating system and computer environment (e.g. features of the browser and operating system used by the visitor, the type of device used for connecting to the Internet, the various elements of time related to the visit (e.g. time spent on each page and details related to the path followed on Site pages, particularly as concerns the sequence of the pages viewed. Also falling in this category are so-called system logs, i.e. files that record interactions between the user and the Site. These data are used for managing access to the Site and services offered, by obtaining anonymous statistical information on use of the Site to make Site functionalities technically possible, to check whether they are working properly and to ensure maintenance of the database. In these cases, browsing data do not allow for identifying users or data subjects and are deleted right after being processed in anonymous form. Browsing data can also be used for verifying responsibility in case of felonies or other wrongdoings committed by the data subject at the expense of the Site and/or third parties through the Site.
ii) Data provided by the user
Data are voluntarily provided by the user and collected through the Site and are linked by other means to two distinct databases:
- “B2B” (regarding resellers, distributors, agents of the company);
- "B2C" (concerning the natural persons who are end-users of company goods and services).
This means:
information sent optionally and voluntarily by users to the addresses indicated on the Site (e.g. electronic mail address, subject of the e-mail, company name, first and last name, etc., address of head office, home address or domicile (post code, town, province), landline or mobile phone number, country, language spoken, etc.);
the personal data supplied by users for using the services provided on the Site or for taking part in initiatives promoted through the Site or by other means (e.g. data related to purchases made by the data subject, which sort of product, date of purchase and price, product model and serial number, reseller the purchase was made from);
personal data supplied by users asking to receive news, informative material or newsletters;
personal data supplied by users submitting job applications (curriculum vitae, etc.) with the Careers on-line form;
personal data collected through products of category D-Air, which contain within them a GPS system, necessary for the operation of the product, which records, for a limited time and only on the product, data relating to its geographical location. The data will be processed by Dainese only in case of delivery of the D-Air category product to Dainese or to an authorized dealer, for the restoration of the D-Air bag or for repair or for product research and development purposes.
When you spontaneously send an email to an electronic mail address indicated on our sites, we obtain the sender's address and any other personal data included in the message or attachments. Electronic mailboxes of the addresses indicated on our sites and any other Dainese electronic mailbox are not of a personal nature, not even when they bear the first and/or last name of an individual. These mailboxes belong to our organisation and their main purpose is to allow for work to be carried out efficaciously at companies belonging to the Dainese group. This means that not only the addressee but others belonging to our organisation know about messages sent to the electronic mailboxes of Dainese group. By sending an e-mail to other electronic mail addresses indicated on our sites, you declare that you have read and agree to the processing conditions set out in this policy.
iii) Data collected from third parties
Dainese uses HubSpot software allowing for matching to the email of the concerned B2C data subject additional information on the data subject the above software automatically finds on the Internet and are matched to the email so as to create a basic profile on the data subject, Dainese utilises for profiling and marketing purposes.
3. Who processes your personal data, how and why
Dainese is the only independent Data Controller of the Users' Personal Data (“Personal Data”), in relation to handling, conclusion and execution of commercial transactions concerning the sale of products and services on the Site or at shops on the street belonging to Dainese, as well as after-sales services ("Commercial Purposes"), and in relation to direct marketing purposes (including functional profiling to direct marketing activities) carried out through the functionalities of the Site and/or through any other on-line channels (e.g. sending newsletters about the world of Dainese, its products and services, sending - by text messages, email, telephone with operator, social network, mobile messages - general and/or personalised promotional and advertising messages with respect to consumption habits and/or other preferences and interests shown by the User) hereinafter the (“Marketing Purposes”), depending on the consent given by the data subject as specified below.
For Commercial Purposes, personal data are processed 1) to satisfy pre-contractual requirements (e.g. instruction of offers or your orders, solvency verifications); 2) fulfilment of contractual obligations (connected with the supply or purchase of goods and/or services) and legal obligations (e.g. keeping accounts, tax formalities, administrative , accounting and treasury management); 4) management of customers and suppliers; 5) management of facilities and risk control (fraud, insolvency, etc.); 6) management of disputes and credit transfers and insurance; 7) financial services instrumental to the management of customers/suppliers and management of electronic payment instruments; 8) insurance services instrumental to customer/supplier management.
Personal Data will only be processed by persons specifically chosen and authorised in writing by Dainese and checked by Dainese, to prevent unauthorised access to data or illegal processing by third parties and to prevent security risks for the Personal Data.  The categories of persons authorised to carry out processing are subjects belonging to the administrative, marketing, commercial, after-sales, claims, legal and ICT departments.
Personal Data are mainly processed in electronic format and in some cases also as hard copies.
The logics and forms of processing organisations are strictly related to individual purposes specified above. In order to guarantee that the Personal Data is always exact and up-to-date, in any case pertinent and complete, we would ask that you please inform us of any change made to the following e-mail address: privacy@dainese.com.
Data are processed in Dainese's Customer Relationship Management (CRM) computer system dedicated to handling customers, suppliers and other contacts.
This CRM system is based on some cloud services supplied by third parties (the company SugarCRM Inc. based in the U.S.A, with EU and non-EU servers, HubSpot Inc. based in the U.S.A., whose servers can be located in the EU or in non-EU countries (see the next section on “Place of processing”).
For the privacy policy of the third-party provider SugarCRM INC, see the URL: https://www.sugarcrm.com/legal/privacy-policy.  SugarCRM Inc. is also an American company registered at the concerned American entity based on the EU-USA “Privacy Shield” agreement (see https://www.sugarcrm.com/legal/privacy-shield-notice).
For the privacy policy of the third-party provider HubSpot INC, see the URL: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy. For the cookie policy of HubSpot Inc., see the URL https://knowledge.hubspot.com/articles/kcs_article/account/hubspot-cookie-security-and-privacy. HubSpot Inc. is an American company registered at the concerned American entity based on the EU-USA “Privacy Shield” agreement (see https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TN8pAAG&status=Active).
Digital asset management software used by this application
The data controller uses cloud software which provides an integrated digital asset management (“DAM”) solution. By using such software, the data controller is able to manage its digital resources, in a centralised and, therefore, more efficient way, while they are simultaneously available and/or published on multiple web media channels.
The software also provides also statistics regarding the use of the digital resources managed through it. The software is supplied by THRON S.p.A. (“THRON”). THRON does not automatically collect, via the software, any personal identifiable information from the users who visit the digital resources managed through the software. Nonetheless, the use of the software involves the automatic collection of user's the following information: IP address, operating system and type of browser used by the computer or mobile device, the URL of the website visited by the user before and after the access to any of the services within which the THRON's technical solution is integrated.
For further information, the user is invited to visit THRON's privacy policy available at the following link.
Duration of processing
Personal Data will be stored in a way that allows for the identification of the User only for the time strictly necessary to the purpose for which the data was collected and subsequently processed and, in any case, within the legal limits as follows.
Personal data related to browsing are processed for the time necessary to allow browsing and technical interaction between the user and the Site; this time lasts the same as an single browsing session .
a) in the pre-contractual phase, for the time necessary for satisfying the requests of the data subject received by the Company (e.g. opening of technical intervention ticket during the warranty period) and tracking and handling the success of responses sent by the Company to the data subject; this time is limited to 24 months from the date on which the personal data were collected;
b) in relation to the contract stipulated with the data subject for the whole duration of the contractual relationship established with the data subject (in particular, for 2 years of normal warranty in accordance with the Consumer Protection Act);
c) at the end of the contractual relationship established with the data subject, personal data are processed to fulfil all legal obligations connected with the terminated contractual relationship (in particular for proving fulfilment of fiscal and civil law obligations to controlling authorities (for 10 years from termination of the contract).
Personal data are processed for IT security purposes (e.g. registration, storage, analysis of logs related to electronic and telecommunications events activated by the User during interaction with Site functionalities and/or sending email to Dainese). The data will be stored for the time it takes to complete the relevant security controls and assess the outcome (1 year from the time of collection), or for abnormal events found, for the time it takes to resolve them.
In case of any out-of-court or judicial disputes with the data subject and/or third parties, the data will be processed for the time strictly necessary for fully exercising the rights of the Data Controller (i.e. until a judicial or out-of-court settlement is reached or a measure with the force of a final judgement has ended the dispute).
For processing for Marketing Purposes, the term is as follows:
a) for profiling purposes, processing will last for the time necessary for using the outcome to plan, conduct and verify the efficacy of direct marketing campaigns based on the same profiling (1 year);
- for direct marketing purposes, processing will last generally 2 years, although the data subject has the right to withdraw his or her consent at any time.
For the time data collected with cookies are kept please see the "Cookie Policy" section below.
Dainese will take steps to definitively delete the Personal Data from its electronic files after the above time limits. Alternatively, it reserves the right to turn the data into anonymous form at any time and in such case privacy regulations no longer apply.
Place of processing
Personal Data will be processed mainly in Italy and in countries abroad where there are offices of other companies belonging to the Dainese group. Some processing can be carried out in other countries, in the EU and in non-EU countries in the measure in which such data are transferred by Dainese.
Management of technical aspects of this Site and the database are also looked after by companies situated outside the European Union; as a result personnel of such companies can have access to this Site but only rarely for its technical operation.
Particularly, Personal Data shall be transferred abroad to companies belonging to the Dainese group (a list is available at the Site) and, if necessary for the pursuit of Commercial Purposes, only to non-EU countries that guarantee adequate levels of compliance with the decisions of the European Commission on these matters, or when no specific decisions have been taken, only subject to conclusion by Dainese and such subjects of specific agreements, related to Marketing Purposes, containing suitable clauses for safeguarding Personal Data, in compliance with law and applicable regulations. When the transfer is made to a non-EU country for reasons other than Marketing Purposes, the legal basis for the transfer is founded on the lawful interest of Dainese to execute the contract with the data subject or a contract stipulated by one of them with third parties in favour of the data subject or fulfilment of relevant legal obligations.
4. Scope and Legal basis for processing
The legal basis for processing consists of:
1) meet pre-contractual requirements (e.g. instruction of our offers or your orders, fulfilment of your requests also for sending information material, price lists, etc.) and/or fulfilment of contractual obligations (supply or purchase of goods and/or services, including the management of delivery obligations and logistics and transport functional to it); legal basis of the processing is the execution of a contract to which the Interested Party is a party or the execution of pre-contractual measures to be taken or managed at the request of the same;
2) fulfilment of legal obligations (e.g. bookkeeping; tax formalities, administrative and accounting management, etc.); the legal basis of the processing is therefore the need to fulfil these legal obligations;
3) management of customers and suppliers for aspects other than those under 1-2 (internal organization of activities functional to the active and passive supply of products and/or services, e.g.: solvency checks, management of credit lines and risk control - fraud, insolvencies, etc.). -, litigation and credit transfer management, management of financial and insurance services instrumental to the management of suppliers and management of electronic payment instruments, production management, telephone directory management, statistical processing); the legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest in being able to process the Data in order to effectively and efficiently manage the relationship with our customers and/or suppliers and to manage the related internal and external organizational processes;
4) supply of technical assistance services, after-sales and improvement, for safety and research and development purposes, of D-Air category products by means of personal data, including location data, collected during the registration of D-Air category products and by downloading the data contained on D-Air category products, in case of delivery of the product for bag restoration or repair to Dainese or to an authorized dealer; the legal basis of the processing is our legitimate interest in being able to contact the purchaser for any updates/communications/recalls, as well as for the purpose of product research and development;
5) direct marketing, i.e. the sending of commercial and promotional communications and/or the direct offer of goods and services, via email, text messages, telephone calls, social networks, and/or market research; by law, it will not be necessary to obtain any consent to send advertising emails on products and services similar to those already purchased on the Site or in Dainese stores since in this case the legal basis of the processing is our legitimate interest in promoting our activity to those who already know us; in the event that the emails do not concern similar products or services, the legal basis of the processing is the consent of the person concerned;
6) profiling; for your profiling we use the data (e.g. name and surname, residence, country of origin, landline and mobile phone, e-mail address, website, type of product/service purchased or sold) that you release to us when you use individual services (e.g., the name and surname, residence, country of origin, landline and mobile phone, e-mail address, website, type of product/service purchased or sold) to request the newsletter or to make purchases, or when you register in the reserved area of our website) also by associating them with data about your navigation on the Dainese website and/or use of the services provided by the site (e.g. cookies) or data collected through other communication channels (e.g. social media with which you interact, linked from our site).
We process data to analyze, also in a predictive way, and/or to create groups of individuals divided by market segments based on a minimum set of elements (eg. country and/or geographical area of origin, preferences on our product categories, choices relating to the purchase of our products and, in particular, any missed purchases of our products placed in the shopping cart of our Site, detected through the functionality of the same: in this case we refer to the "Basic" profiling), up to more advanced profiles based on age, gender, online behavior (other than missed purchases of our products) and previous purchases (frequency, items, prices: in this case we refer to the "Advanced" profiling).
This activity has a dual purpose: to better understand customers, both as groups and individuals, and to analyze the effectiveness of marketing to develop and update products, services and offers in line with the preferences of our target audience.
Profiling therefore aims to align the services and goods we offer with current and potential demand, measure the results of specific promotions, take corrective action to improve business results (e.g. by reducing the risk of investing resources in areas marginal to the target audience) and the effectiveness of business processes (e.g. by ascertaining how many promotional messages and content we have sent you have seen and clicked on), limit the sending of promotional communications that are not relevant to your likely expectations and needs or through unwelcome channels. This means that we do not send the same offers to all interested parties and we will be able to send you advertising communications as close as possible to your tastes, interests or preferences, or through your preferred methods of contact, improving your shopping experience, even to your own advantage.
In addition, if you allow profiling, we use the data to advertise services and products on social media to other people who have a similar profile to yours and who may therefore be most interested in what is offered.
Profiling does not exclude you from specific advantages or the possibility of freely exercising your rights in relation to the personal data we process; in particular, it does not affect the possibility for you to use our ordinary services (e.g. online pre-registration, purchase of services).
The legal basis for profiling is, as far as Basic profiling is concerned, our legitimate interest in having an elementary profile in order to limit marketing actions to the topics of greatest interest for the user, as well as to re-propose the shopping cart to the user in case of non-purchase; as far as Advanced profiling is concerned, the legal basis is the prior consent communicated to Dainese by the interested party (or by third parties in case the data are not collected from the interested party).
Does the data subject's consent to processing for profiling and direct marketing purposes apply to disclosure of the data to third parties?
Disclosure of the data by Dainese to third parties for direct marketing purposes can be made, depending on the case, to other companies belonging to the group or to third parties collaborating with Dainese, in the framework of the same shared marketing campaign and/or in the framework of the same processing for direct marketing purposes (e.g. in relation to co-branded marketing), or are delegated by contract to send commercial messages to the data subject and/or process the data received on behalf of the Data Holder for marketing purposes.
In both cases above, since the third party recipients of the data are designated as "external data processing managers" by Dainese, they can process data on behalf of Dainese on the basis of the consent for marketing purposes (including disclosure to third parties for such purposes) given before to Dainese.
On the other hand, the consent given by the data subject to Dainese for processing for marketing purposes does not automatically justify disclosure or transfer of the data by Dainese to third parties which process them as joint data holders or independent data holders (i.e. other than the external data processing manager) (normally this occurs only with partners intending to use data independently for profiling and/or direct marketing purposes): to proceed with such disclosure to third parties, Dainese must obtain a separate consent from the data subject, which is also optional.
5. What happens if you refuse to give Dainese your personal data
Conferral to Dainese of Personal Data for the Commercial Purposes (more specifically, personal data, your e-mail address, your postal address, your credit/debit card details and bank details and telephone number) is required for the pursuit of the Commercial Purposes.
An refusal to provide Dainese with the Personal Data required to this end may make it impossible to stipulate and fulfil the contract for the purchase of the products and services on the Website or to correctly fulfil legal and regulatory requirements. The supply of additional Personal Data, apart from compulsory data, is optional and shall have no consequences as concerns the purchase of products on the Website and in general will not result in any obligation or disadvantage for the User.
On the other hand, in relation to Commercial Purposes, it is unnecessary to obtain prior consent for processing as such processing by Dainese is lawful based on other reasons (mainly for its lawful interest, prevailing over the interest or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject, to complete the contract of sale of the products and services and ensure that this takes place after stipulation). Such lawful interest also includes sending information, when requested by the User, back and forth aimed at the above stipulation (for instance concerning the type and/or features of the products). Similarly the Data Controller is required to fulfil legal obligations arising from the contract.
Conferral to Dainese of Personal Data/consent for Marketing Purposes is always optional and is connected with registration of the User with the Website. Failure to provide such and failure to give consent to processing for Marketing Purposes shall have no consequence in terms of the buying process, except that it will be impossible to complete registration and therefore to benefit from services such as newsletters, generalised or personalised offers and access to reserved promotional areas, the direct marketing actions consists of. From time to time, we will duly inform you of the compulsory or optional nature of the disclosure of Personal Data to Dainese and any consequences of non-conferral.
6. To whom to we disclose the Personal Data
Personal Data may be made available to third party companies providing specific services on behalf of Dainese, as data processing managers, or disclosed to further third parties who process the data independently, purely in order to implement the contract for the purchase of products on the Website and only when this purpose is not incompatible with the purposes for which the Personal Data was collected and subsequently processed and, in any case, in compliance with the law.
Dainese relies on suppliers which provide after-sales service, better described in the Terms of Sale on the Site, which can be viewed at the following link. In the dispatch stage, Dainese also relies on carriers and couriers (UPS, DHL, etc .) which process the personal data of Users solely for completing the delivery assignment given.
In addition, the data can be disclosed to: 1) banks, digital currency institutes and other subjects authorised for providing remote electronic payment services by credit and debit cards or through functionalities made available on mobile devices; 2) insurance companies for transport insurance coverage; 3) credit collection, insurance and credit assignment companies (in case the User defaults of his or her contractual obligations towards Dainese); 4) commercial information companies (in case of a dispute with the User); 5) other companies, entities and/or natural persons providing instrumental services or services in support of or functional to the fulfilment of the contracts of services requested (e.g. companies responsible for looking after the website, companies providing maintenance and assistance to the Data Controller's database).
Personal Data are disclosed to some other external data processing managers such as chartered accountants, attorneys and law firms, auditing companies and/or auditors, supervisory bodies connected with the organisational model adopted by Dainese in accordance with Italian Legislative Decree 231 of 2001 for prevention of the risk that certain felonies are committed; this is to allow them to carry out tasks necessary for ensuring respect for legal obligations related to the sale of goods and services on the Site.
For Marketing Purposes Dainese also discloses Personal Data to third-party external data processing managers: marketing and advertising agencies, hosting service companies, website development and management companies, web marketing companies, suppliers of electronic communication and ICT services; business partners - even those operating in production sectors not included in the e-shop, for example, operating in the automotive industry - with which Dainese carries out co-marketing and events management actions. Dainese can also share some data (first name, last name, email) with social media platforms (e.g. Facebook, Google) which use them solely for identifying other people similar to the user who may be interested in the services and/or products of Dainese, so as to advertise them on social media platforms.
In the event of incidents involving third-party liability caused by Dainese, personal data can be disclosed to third parties appointed to handle the claim (e.g. law firms, as well as technicians, insurance companies which sold the insurance policy activated for making the claim).
These external data processing managers have been appointed by Dainese because they have proven to have the experience, capacity and reliability to provide a suitable guarantee of complete compliance with current provisions, including as concerns data security. Data processing managers process data according to the instructions of the Data Controller which appointed them, and periodically verifies that they promptly carry out the tasks assigned and continue to provide adequate guarantees demanded by the provisions of contracts and personal data protection laws.
You can obtain an updated list of external data processing managers and independent Data Controllers at any time by writing to: privacy@dainese.com.
User data related to registration on the Site
The Personal Data will not be disclosed, sold or in any other way transferred to third parties unless the Users have been informed of this in advance and given their consent, where required by the law.
In the event of sale of the company or business unit the Site belongs to, the personal data of the user will be automatically transferred to the buyer. In the event the majority stake of the share capital of Dainese is sold to third parties, your personal data could be disclosed to the buyer(s).
Personal data will not be diffused, i.e. will not be made available to an uncontrollable number of third parties.
7. How Personal Data are collected on the Website
Dainese collects Personal Data and other information directly from Users as part of the processes managed on the site (purchase of products on the Website for the stipulation of electronic trade transactions/completion of User registration forms with the Website for the Marketing Purposes of Dainese), or by other means (e.g. on hard copy, or by using computers in shops and at events and trade fairs).
More specifically, in the pursuit of the Commercial Purposes, under the scope of the buying process of products and services on the Website, Dainese collects Personal Data (such as personal data, e-mail address, postal address, credit card and bank details, details on payment instruments and codes when using mobile devices) by means of the order form for the sale of products on the Website.
8. Security measures
Dainese takes suitable security measures by which to minimise the risk of the deliberate or accidental destruction or loss of Personal Data, unauthorised access or processing that is either not permitted or not compliant with the purposes of collection, as specified in this Privacy Policy.
Such measures include use of authentication credentials (User-ID and password) by whoever accesses the data on behalf of Dainese, configuration of authorisation profiles for restricting access to just authorised legal persons and natural persons, periodic revision of such authorisation profiles, use of back-up and recovery procedures, antivirus software at the server and customer level, updated daily, firewall and anti-intrusion software. The email file is protected by antivirus and antispam software. Additionally, the Site is based on HTTPS technology, a protocol for secure communication via a computer network used on the Internet. HTTPS consists of communication via the HTTP (HyperText Transfer) protocol in a connection encrypted by the Transport Layer Security (TLS) or by its predecessor, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). The underlying principle of HTTPS is having: i) authentication of the web Site visited; ii) protection of privacy; iii) integrity of data exchanged by communicating parties. The system that sends out our newsletters is also protected by antispam and antivirus software. Data are kept in files saved daily on supports which are stored in protected rooms.
As regards the best possible protection of your Personal Data, for all aspects that lie outside the control and management of Dainese, we recommend that you ensure that the computer used has suitable software installed to protect data transmission over the internet, both incoming and outgoing (such as updated anti-virus systems) and that the chosen internet supplier has taken suitable steps to ensure the security of data transmission over the internet (such as firewalls and anti-spamming filters).
9. Compulsory processing
Please note that Dainese may process Personal Data even without consent in certain cases established by the law, such as, for example, where such should be necessary in order to execute the contract with the User or fulfil a legal obligation.
For example, Personal Data can be disclosed to police forces or legal authorities, in compliance with the law and upon formal request by such parties, for example under the scope of anti-fraud services or even in the absence of a specific request, for fulfilment of tax obligations (e.g. Inland Revenue Agency).
10. Rights of the data subjects
The data subject should know that he or she has the following rights:
- to ask the Data Holder for confirmation as to whether his or her personal data are being processed and if so, to obtain access to the personal data and the following information: a) the purpose for processing; b) the categories of personal data in question; c) the addressees or categories of addressees your personal data have been or will be disclosed to, in particular if any addressees are in other countries or are international organisations; d) when possible, the expected length of time the personal data will be kept, or if that is not possible, the criteria for determining that length of time; e) the right of the data subject to ask the data holder to correct or delete personal data or restrict processing of his or her personal data or object to their processing: f) the right to file a complaint with a controlling authority; g) if data are not collected from the data subject, information about their origin; h) existence of an automated decision-making system, including profiling and at least in these cases, meaningful information on the logic used, as well as the importance and consequences of such processing for the data subject.
- if personal data are transferred to another country or an international organisation, the data subject has the right to be informed about the existence of adequate guaranteed made with regard to the transfer;
- ask for and obtain correction of inaccurate data without unjustified delay; taking into account the purposes of processing, supplementation of incomplete data even by issuing a supplementary statement;
- ask for the data to be deleted if a) personal data are no longer necessary for the purpose they had been collected or processed; b) the data subject withdraws his or her consent processing is based on and there are no other legal grounds for processing them; c) the data subject objects to processing and there is no justified reason for processing them or objects to processing for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing aims); d) personal data have been processed unlawfully; e) personal data must be deleted to fulfil a legal obligation provided by the right of the European Union or the Member State the data holder is subject to; f) personal data have been collected related to supply of a service of the company providing the information. Deletion from Dainese's database
- ask for restricted processing regarding the data subject in any of the following cases: a) the data subject disputes the accuracy of the personal data, for the length of time necessary for the data holder to verify the accuracy of the personal data; b) processing is unlawful and the data subject objects to deletion of his or her personal data and asks for them to be used in a restricted manner; c) although the data holder no longer needs them for processing purposes, personal data are necessary to the data subject for verification, exercise or defending a right in a lawsuit; d) the data subject has opposed processing for direct marketing purposes, while awaiting verification that the data holder's rights prevail over those of the data subject;
- obtain the names of the third-party addressees the personal data have been sent from the data holder;
- withdraw consent to processing for one or more purposes of one's personal data at any time, it being understood that this does not prejudice the lawfulness of processing based on consent given prior to withdrawal of consent.
In particular, to withdraw consent given earlier to Dainese, the data subject can make a request in one of the following ways: i) by following the instructions for deletion given at the bottom of each email message or ii) by sending an email to privacy@dainese.com containing his or her request.
- to receive the personal data regarding the data subject in a structured format, commonly used and legible by an automatic device the latter gave the data holder and if technically possible, to have the data sent directly to another data holder without impediments by the Data Holder who supplied them, if all of the following conditions are met: a) processing is based on the consent of the data subject for one or more specific aims, or on a contract the data subject is a party to and processing is necessary for its execution; and b) processing is done with automated means (software) (right to portability"). Exercise of the so-called portability right does not preclude the above right to deletion;
- the data subject has the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, producing legal effects regarding him or her and which significantly impacts his or her person in a similar way.
- the data subject may file a complaint with the concerned controlling authority at any time based on the GDPR (that of the place of residence or domicile).
How to exercise your rights
You can exercise the above rights and obtain a list of the independent third parties appointed as data processing managers to whom data have been communicated by Dainese by sending an email to privacy@dainese.com or by writing to this postal address: Dainese S.p.A., Via Louvigny No. 35, 36064 Colceresa (VI), Italy.
11.	Data Controller, Data Protection Officer. Contact details
The Data Controller of the personal data of Users is Dainese S.p.A. with head office at Via Louvigny, No. 35 – 36060, Colceresa (VI), Italy, Tax ID and VAT Reg. No. 03924090248.
In order to monitor compliance with the GDPR and the laws applicable to the processing of personal data by Dainese, Dainese has appointed a third party, independent, as Data Protection Officer: it is the lawyer Luca De Muri, domiciled for the office at the headquarters and reachable at the email address privacy@dainese.com.
If you wish to receive more information on how Dainese processes Personal Data, write to privacy@dainese.com or our head office.
To find out your rights and keep up-to-date on legislation governing personal protection in respect of the processing of Personal Data, we suggest that you take a look at the Italian Data Protection Authority's website www.garanteprivacy.it.
12. Applicable law
This Privacy Policy is regulated by community law (GDPR) and Italian law, specifically the Privacy Act.
13. Amendments and updates to the Privacy Policy
Dainese may amend or simply update all or part of the Privacy Policy at any time, to incorporate any changes made to provisions or law or regulation protecting your rights. Written at the bottom of this document is the most recent version of this Privacy Policy, which applies to processing of Personal Data from the date specified. Amendments and updates to the Website Privacy Policy shall take effect as soon as they are published in this section of the Website. Users will receive an email notice whenever changes are made to this Privacy Policy. You are required to look at this section regularly in order to verify the latest, most updated publication of the Website Privacy Policy.
PRIVACY POLICY ver 2 3.05.2019
Introduzione
Benvenuti su www.dainese.com (il “Sito”). Vi preghiamo di leggere attentamente la nostra Privacy Policy che si applica sia nel caso in cui Voi decidiate semplicemente di accedere e navigare all’interno del Sito e di utilizzare i suoi servizi, senza acquistare alcun prodotto, sia nel caso Voi acquistiate i prodotti o servizi sullo stesso offerti in vendita.
La medesima Privacy Policy si applica anche nel caso in cui i dati siano raccolti mediante strumenti diversi dal Sito, se non diversamente specificato.
Utilizzando il Sito accettate i termini descritti nella Privacy Policy e nell’informativa in calce alla Privacy Policy. Se non condividete alcuni dei termini e modalità riportati nella Privacy Policy, Vi invitiamo a non utilizzare il Sito.
Il trattamento dei Dati Personali degli utenti e dei consumatori (d’ora in avanti collettivamente "Utenti") sarà condotto in conformità con la normativa Europea applicabile (GDPR – Regolamento UE privacy 679/2016 e Regolamento E-Privacy) ed il Codice in materia di Protezione dei Dati Personali (d’ora in avanti “Codice Privacy”: D. Lgs. 30 giugno 2003, n° 196, e, dopo l’abrogazione dello stesso, l’equivalente normativa italiana sostitutiva), che disciplina il trattamento dei dati personali effettuati i) nell'ambito delle attività di uno stabilimento da parte di un titolare del trattamento o di un responsabile del trattamento nell'Unione, indipendentemente dal fatto che il trattamento sia effettuato o meno nell'Unione. 4.5.2016 L 119/32 Gazzetta ufficiale dell'Unione europea IT; e ii) al trattamento dei dati personali di interessati che si trovano nell'Unione, effettuato da un titolare del trattamento o da un responsabile del trattamento che non è stabilito nell'Unione, quando le attività di trattamento riguardano: a) l'offerta di beni o la prestazione di servizi ai suddetti interessati nell'Unione, indipendentemente dall'obbligatorietà di un pagamento dell'interessato; oppure b) il monitoraggio del loro comportamento nella misura in cui tale comportamento ha luogo all'interno dell'Unione.
Il trattamento si svolge nel rispetto dei diritti e delle libertà fondamentali, nonché della dignità dell'interessato, con particolare riferimento alla riservatezza, all'identità personale e al diritto alla protezione dei dati personali.
1. La policy
DAINESE S.p.A. (d'ora in avanti “DAINESE”) rispetta il diritto dei propri Utenti ad essere informati con riguardo alla raccolta e alle altre operazioni di trattamento dei loro Dati Personali. Nel trattamento dei dati che possono, direttamente o indirettamente, identificare la Vostra persona, rispettiamo un principio di stretta necessità configurando il Sito in modo tale che l'uso dei Dati Personali sia ridotto al minimo ed in modo da escludere il trattamento dei Dati Personali quando le finalità perseguite nei singoli casi possono essere realizzate mediante l'uso di dati anonimi (come, ad esempio, nelle ricerche di mercato finalizzate al miglioramento dei servizi, analisi delle pagine e dei contenuti più visitati o cliccati, provenienza degli Utenti da altri siti o canali on-line) o mediante altre modalità, che consentono di identificare l'interessato solo in caso di necessità o su richiesta delle autorità e delle forze di polizia (come, ad esempio, per i dati relativi al traffico ed alla permanenza nel Sito o al tuo indirizzo IP).
2. Tipologie di dati
Attraverso i moduli web disponibili sui siti non ti chiediamo mai dati personali “particolari” (dati personali idonei a rivelare l'origine razziale ed etnica, le convinzioni religiose, filosofiche o di altro genere, le opinioni politiche, l'adesione a partiti, sindacati, associazioni od organizzazioni a carattere religioso, filosofico, politico o sindacale, nonché i dati personali idonei a rivelare lo stato di salute e l’orientamento sessuale) o “giudiziari” (dati in materia di casellario giudiziale, o afferenti la qualità di imputato o di indagato, ecc.).
I dati che trattiamo possono essere di tre categorie generali: i) dati di navigazione, ii) dati forniti in forma attiva dall’interessato, iii) dati relativi raccolti presso terzi e in particolare su internet tramite il sw HubSpot (su cui vedi oltre).
i) Dati di navigazione
I sistemi informatici e le procedure software preposte al funzionamento del Sito acquisiscono, nel corso del loro normale esercizio, alcuni dati personali la cui trasmissione è implicita nell'uso dei protocolli di comunicazione di Internet. Si tratta di informazioni che non sono raccolte per essere associate a interessati identificati, ma che per loro stessa natura potrebbero, attraverso elaborazioni ed associazioni con dati detenuti da terzi, permettere di identificare gli utenti. In questa categoria di dati rientrano gli indirizzi IP o i nomi a dominio dei computer utilizzati dagli utenti che si connettono al sito, gli indirizzi in notazione URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) delle risorse richieste, l'orario della richiesta, il metodo utilizzato nel sottoporre la richiesta al server, la dimensione del file ottenuto in risposta, il codice numerico indicante lo stato della risposta data dal server (buon fine, errore, ecc.), il paese di provenienza, ed altri parametri relativi al sistema operativo e all'ambiente informatico dell'utente (es. le caratteristiche del browser e del sistema operativo utilizzato dal visitatore, la tipologia di dispositivo utilizzato per l’accesso a internet, le varie connotazioni temporali della visita (es. il tempo di permanenza su ciascuna pagina, e i dettaglio relativi all’itinerario seguito all’interno delle pagine del Sito, con particolare riferimento alla sequenza delle pagine consultate. Rientrano inoltre nella categoria in esame i cd. log di sistema, ossia file che registrano le interazioni tra utente e Sito. Questi dati vengono utilizzati al fine di gestire l’accesso al Sito e ai servizi in esso inclusi, ricavare informazioni statistiche anonime sull'uso del sito, per rendere possibile tecnicamente le funzionalità del sito e per controllarne il corretto funzionamento e garantire la manutenzione del relativo database. In questi casi, i dati di navigazione non consentono di identificare gli utenti interessati e vengono cancellati subito dopo l'elaborazione in forma anonima. I dati di navigazione possono essere altresì usati per l'accertamento di responsabilità in caso di reati o altri illeciti commessi dall’interessato ai danni del Sito e/o di terzi attraverso il Sito.
ii) Dati forniti dall'utente
I dati forniti volontariamente dall’utente e raccolti tramite il Sito e con altri mezzi fanno capo a due database generali tra loro distinti:
- “B2B” (riguardante i rivenditori, distributori, agenti della Società);
- “B2C” (concernente le persone fisiche utilizzatori finali dei prodotti e servizi aziendali).
Si intendono per tali:
le informazioni inviate dagli utenti in maniera facoltativa e volontaria agli indirizzi indicati sul Sito (es. indirizzo di posta elettronica, oggetto della e-mail, denominazione o ragione sociale, nome e cognome, ecc,. indirizzo della sede, residenza o domicilio (CAP, città, provincia), numero telefonico fisso o mobile, nazione, lingua di contatto, ecc.);
i dati personali forniti dagli utenti per usufruire di servizi accessibili sul Sito o per partecipare a iniziative promosse tramite il Sito o con altri mezzi (es. dati relativi ad acquisti effettuati dall’interessato, quali tipo di prodotto, data e prezzo di acquisto, modello e numero serie prodotto, rivenditore presso cui è avvenuto l’acquisto);
i dati personali forniti dagli utenti che inoltrano richieste di invio di notizie, materiale informativo o newsletter;
i dati personali forniti dagli utenti che inviano proposte di candidature (“curriculum vitae”, ecc.) tramite il form on-line “Careers”;
i dati personali raccolti mediante i prodotti della categoria D-Air, che contengono al loro interno un sistema GPS, necessario per il funzionamento del prodotto, che registra, per un tempo limitato e solo sul prodotto, i dati relativi alla localizzazione geografica dello stesso. I dati saranno trattati da Dainese solo in caso di consegna del prodotto della categoria D-Air a Dainese o ad un dealer autorizzato, per il ripristino del sacco D-Air o per la riparazione o per finalità di ricerca e sviluppo dei prodotti.
Quando invii spontaneamente un’email ad uno degli indirizzi di posta elettronica indicati sui nostri siti, acquisiamo l’indirizzo mittente e gli eventuali altri dati personali che hai inserito nella missiva e negli allegati. Le caselle di posta elettronica corrispondenti agli indirizzi indicati sui nostri siti ed ogni altra casella di posta elettronica di DAINESE, non hanno natura personale nemmeno quando riportano nome e/o cognome di una persona fisica. Esse appartengono all’organizzazione aziendale ed hanno lo scopo primario di consentire lo svolgimento efficace delle attività lavorative all’interno delle società di DAINESE Group. Ciò significa che i messaggi inoltrati alle caselle di posta elettronica di DAINESE Group potranno essere conosciuti oltre che dal destinatario, anche da altre persone facenti parte dell’organizzazione. Inoltrando e-mail agli altri indirizzi di posta elettronica indicati sui nostri siti dichiari di aver preso visione ed accettato le condizioni di trattamento contenute nella presente policy.
iii) Dati raccolti presso terzi
DAINESE utilizza il sw HubSpot che permette di associare all’email dell’interessato B2C ulteriori informazioni sull’interessato che il suddetto software reperisce automaticamente su internet e che sono associate all’email al fine di costruire un profilo base dell’interessato, che DAINESE utilizza per finalità profilazione e marketing.
3. Chi tratta i tuoi dati personali, come e per quali finalità
DAINESE è unico e autonomo titolare del trattamento dei Dati Personali degli Utenti ( “Dati Personali”), sia in relazione alle attività di gestione, conclusione ed esecuzione delle transazioni commerciali concernenti la vendita di prodotti e servizi tramite il Sito o tramite i negozi fisici di proprietà di Dainese, nonché dei servizi post-vendita (le "Finalità Commerciali"), sia in relazione alle finalità di marketing diretto (inclusa la profilazione funzionale alle attività di marketing diretto) svolte attraverso le funzionalità del Sito e/o tramite eventuali altri canali on-line (es. invio di newsletter relative al mondo DAINESE, ai prodotti e servizi della stessa, invio - via sms, email, telefono con operatore, social network, messaggerie mobili - di messaggi promozionali e pubblicitari generalizzati e/o personalizzati rispetto alle abitudini al consumo e/o alle eventuali altre preferenze ed interessi espressi dell’Utente) (le “Finalità Marketing”) a seconda del consenso prestato dall’interessato come di seguito meglio indicato.
Ai fini delle Finalità Commerciali, i dati personali vengono trattati per 1) soddisfare esigenze precontrattuali (es. istruzione di offerte o Vs. ordini, verifiche solvibilità); 2) adempimento di obblighi contrattuali (connessi alla fornitura o acquisto di beni e/o servizi) e legali (es. tenuta contabilità, formalità fiscali, gestione amministrativa, contabile e di tesoreria); 3) gestione clienti e fornitori; 4) gestione affidamenti e controllo rischi (frodi, insolvenze, ecc.); 5) gestione contenzioso e cessione e assicurazione crediti; 6) servizi finanziari strumentali alla gestione di clienti/fornitori e gestione strumenti di pagamento elettronico; 7) servizi assicurativi strumentali alla gestione clienti/fornitori.
I Dati personali saranno trattati dai soli addetti al trattamento specificamente selezionati e autorizzati per iscritto da DAINESE e controllati da DAINESE, al fine di impedire l’accesso non autorizzato ai dati o le operazioni illegali di trattamento da parte di terzi e in genere per prevenire i rischi di sicurezza dei Dati personali.  Le categorie di persone autorizzate al trattamento sono i soggetti autorizzati appartenenti agli uffici amministrazione, marketing, commerciale, post vendita e reclami, legale e ICT.
I Dati Personali sono trattati prevalentemente in formato elettronico e in talune ipotesi anche in formato cartaceo.
Le logiche e forme di organizzazione di trattamento saranno strettamente correlate alle singole finalità rispettivamente sopra indicate. Per garantire che i Dati Personali siano sempre esatti ed aggiornati, comunque pertinenti e completi, ti preghiamo di segnalarci ogni modifica intervenuta al seguente indirizzo di posta elettronica: privacy@dainese.com.
I dati sono trattati all’interno del sistema informatico di Custom Relation Management (CRM) di DAINESE dedicato alla gestione di clienti, fornitori e altri contatti.
Tale CRM è basato su alcuni servizi cloud sottoscritti da DAINESE e forniti da terzi providers (società SugarCRM Inc. con sede negli U.S.A, con server UE o extra-UE, HubSpot Inc. con sede negli USA e i cui server possono essere collocati nella UE o in altri paesi extra-UE (vedi sezione “Luogo del trattamento”, che segue).
Per la privacy policy del terzo provider SugarCRM INC. vedi l’URL: https://www.sugarcrm.com/legal/privacy-policy.  Anche SugarCRM INC. è una società americana registrata presso l’ente competente americano in base alla convenzione UE-USA denominata “Privacy Shield” (v. https://www.sugarcrm.com/legal/privacy-shield-notice).
Per la privacy policy del terzo provider HubSpot INC. vedi l’URL: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy. Per la cookie policy di HubSpot Inc., vedi l’URL https://knowledge.hubspot.com/articles/kcs_article/account/hubspot-cookie-security-and-privacy. Anche HubSpotINC. è una società americana registrata presso l’ente competente americano in base alla convenzione UE-USA denominata “Privacy Shield” (v. https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TN8pAAG&status=Active).
Il titolare utilizza altresì un software cloud della società THRON S.p.A. (“THRON”), che fornisce una soluzione tecnica integrata di digital asset management (“DAM”) (cioè gestione delle risorse digitali). Tramite THRON, il titolare è in grado di gestire in maniera centralizzata e, quindi, più efficiente le proprie risorse digitali che sono disponibili e/o pubblicate, simultaneamente, su molteplici canali web. L'uso di THRON permette, inoltre, di ottenere statistiche relative all'uso e alla consultazione delle risorse gestite tramite lo stesso. THRON non raccoglie automaticamente dati personali identificativi degli utenti che visitano le risorse digitali gestite tramite il software. Tuttavia, il software THRON comporta la raccolta automatica dei seguenti dati: l'indirizzo IP, il sistema operativo ed il tipo di browser del computer o dispositivo mobile utilizzato, l'URL del sito visitato prima o dopo l'accesso ad un servizio in cui è integrata la soluzione di THRON. Per maggiori informazioni, consultare la privacy policy di THRON, disponibile al seguente link. Per la lista dei cookies utilizzati da THRON, consultare l’elenco dei cookies nella ns. Cookie Policy.
Durata del trattamento
I Dati Personali saranno conservati nella forma che consenta l’identificazione dell’Utente per il tempo strettamente necessario alla finalità per cui i dati sono stati raccolti e successivamente trattati e, in ogni caso, entro i limiti di legge, come segue.
I dati personali di navigazione vengono trattati per il tempo necessario a garantire la navigazione e l’interazione tecnica tra l’utente e il Sito; tale tempo coincide con la durata della singola sessione di navigazione.
a) nella fase pre-contrattuale, per il tempo necessario ad evadere le richieste dell’interessato pervenute alla Società (es. apertura di ticket di intervento tecnico in garanzia) e a tracciare e gestire il buon fine delle risposte inviate dalla Società all’interessato; tale durata è limitata a 24 mesi dalla data di raccolta dei dati personali;
b) in relazione al contratto stipulato con l’interessato, per tutta la durata dei rapporti contrattuali instaurati con l’interessato (in particolare, per i 2 anni di ordinaria garanzia ai sensi del codice del consumo);
c) dopo la cessazione del rapporto contrattuale instaurato con l'interessato, i dati personali verranno trattati per espletare tutti gli obblighi legali connessi al cessato rapporto contrattuale (in particolare per provare l’adempimento di obblighi fiscali e civilistici alle autorità di controllo (per 10 anni dalla cessazione del contratto).
I dati personali vengano trattati per finalità di sicurezza informatica (es. registrazione, conservazione, analisi di logs relativi agli eventi elettronici e telematici attivati dall’Utente mediante interazione con le funzionalità del Sito e/o l’invio di email a DAINESE), la conservazione avverrà per il tempo sufficiente a permettere il completamento di idonei controlli di sicurezza relativi e valutarne gli esiti (1 anno dal momento della raccolta), o, nel caso di anomalie così rilevate, per il tempo necessario a risolvere le stesse mediante opportune soluzioni.
In caso di insorgere di contenzioso stragiudiziale o giudiziale con l’interessato e/o con terzi, i dati verranno trattati per tutto il tempo strettamente necessario ad esercitare la piena tutela dei diritti del Titolare (cioè fino a che una transazione giudiziale o stragiudiziale o un provvedimento con forza di giudicato abbia esaurito la lite).
Nel caso di trattamento per Finalità Marketing, la durata è la seguente:
a) finalità di profilazione, il trattamento durerà per il tempo necessario ad utilizzare gli esiti della stessa per pianificare, attuare e verificare l’efficacia delle campagne di marketing diretto basato su tale stessa profilazione (1 anno);
- per finalità di marketing diretto, il trattamento durerà di regola 2 anni, fatto salvo il diritto dell’interessato di revocare anticipatamente il consenso in ogni momento.
La durata della conservazione dei dati raccolti tramite cookie è illustrata nella sezione "Cookie Policy".
Decorsa la durata rispettivamente sopra prevista, DAINESE si impegna a procedere alla definitiva cancellazione dei Dati personali dai propri archivi elettronici. In alternativa si riservano il diritto di procedere in qualsiasi momento all’anonimizzazione degli stessi, ai quali in tal caso non si applicherà più la normativa privacy.
Luogo del trattamento
Il trattamento dei Dati personali avrà luogo principalmente in Italia, nei Paesi esteri in cui hanno sede altre società del gruppo Dainese. Il trattamento può in parte avvenire in Paesi esteri, entro la UE o al di fuori di essa, nella misura in cui avvenga un trasferimento verso gli stessi da parte di DAINESE.
La gestione tecnica del presente sito e del database è curata anche da Società ubicate fuori dal territorio dell’Unione Europea; conseguentemente potrà avere accesso – solo in caso di eccezionali necessità connesse al funzionamento tecnico del sito – personale di tali società.
In particolare, i Dati Personali saranno trasferiti all'estero alle società facenti parte del Gruppo Dainese (il cui elenco è disponibile sul Sito), nonchè, nel caso ciò fosse necessario per il perseguimento delle Finalità Commerciali, verso i soli Paesi esterni all'Unione Europea che assicurano livelli di tutela adeguati in conformità a quanto riconosciuto dalle decisioni in materia delle Commissione UE, o, in assenza di tali specifiche decisioni, solo previa conclusione tra DAINESE e detti soggetti relativamente alle Finalità Marketing, di specifici contratti, contenenti adeguate clausole di salvaguardia per la protezione dei Dati Personali, in conformità alla legge ed ai regolamenti applicabili. Quando il trasferimento extra-UE si svolge per motivi diversi dalle Finalità Marketing, la base giuridica del trasferimento è altresì costituita in ogni caso dal legittimo interesse di DAINESE di dare esecuzione al contratto con l’interessato o ad un contratto stipulato da una di esse con terzi in favore dell’interessato o di adempiere ai relativi obblighi di legge.
4. Finalità e Base giuridica del trattamento
Le finalità del trattamento sono:
soddisfare esigenze precontrattuali (es. istruzione di ns. offerte o tuoi ordini, evasione di tue richieste anche di invio di materiali informativi, listini, ecc.) e/o adempimento di obblighi contrattuali (fornitura o acquisto di beni e/o servizi, inclusa la gestione degli obblighi di consegna e della logistica e dei trasporti ad essa funzionali); base giuridica del trattamento è l’esecuzione di un contratto di cui l’Interessato è parte o l’esecuzione di misure precontrattuali da adottare o gestire su richiesta dello stesso;
adempimento di obblighi legali (es. tenuta contabilità; formalità fiscali, gestione amministrativa e contabili, ecc.); base giuridica del trattamento è quindi la necessità di adempiere ai suddetti obblighi legali;
gestione clienti e fornitori per aspetti diversi da quelli sub 1-2 (organizzazione interna delle attività funzionali alle forniture attive e passive di prodotti e/o servizi, es.: verifiche solvibilità, gestione affidamenti e controllo rischi - frodi, insolvenze, ecc. -, gestione contenzioso e cessione crediti, gestione servizi finanziari e assicurativi strumentali alla gestione di fornitori e gestione strumenti di pagamento elettronico, gestione produzione, gestione rubriche telefoniche, elaborazione statistiche); base giuridica del trattamento è il nostro legittimo interesse a poter trattare i Dati al fine di gestire in modo efficacie ed efficiente il rapporto con i propri clienti e/o fornitori e di gestire i relativi processi organizzativi interni ed esterni;
fornitura di servizi di assistenza tecnica, post-vendita e miglioramento, ai fini di sicurezza e di ricerca e sviluppo, dei prodotti della categoria D-Air per il tramite dei dati personali, anche di localizzazione, raccolti in fase di registrazione dei prodotti della categoria D-Air e mediante lo scarico dei dati contenuti sui prodotti della categoria D-Air, in caso di consegna del prodotto per ripristino del sacco o riparazione a Dainese o a un dealer autorizzato; base giuridica del trattamento è il nostro legittimo interesse a poter ricontattare l’acquirente per eventuali aggiornamenti/comunicazioni/richiami, nonché al fine di ricerca e sviluppo dei prodotti;
il marketing diretto cioè l’invio di comunicazioni commerciali e promozionali e/o l’offerta diretta di beni e servizi, via email, sms, telefonate, social network, e/o ricerche di mercato; Per legge, non sarà necessario raccogliere alcun consenso per l’invio di e-mail pubblicitarie su prodotti e servizi analoghi a quelli già acquistati sul Sito o nei negozi Dainese poiché in tal caso la base giuridica del trattamento è il nostro legittimo interesse a promuovere la nostra attività a chi già ci conosce; nel caso in cui le email non riguardino prodotti o servizi analoghi, base giuridica del trattamento è il consenso dell’interessato;
la profilazione; per la tua profilazione usiamo i dati (esempio nome e cognome, residenza, paese di provenienza, telefono fisso e cellulare, indirizzo e-mail, sito web, tipologia di prodotto/servizio acquistato o venduto) che ci rilasci quando utilizzi singoli servizi (es. per richiedere la newsletter o per effettuare acquisti, o all’atto della tua registrazione all’area riservata del nostro sito web) anche associandoli a dati della tua navigazione sul sito web di Dainese e/o dell’uso dei servizi erogati dal sito (es. cookies) o a dati raccolti tramite altri canali di comunicazione (es. social media con i quali interagisci, linkati dal ns. sito).
Elaboriamo i dati per analizzare, anche in via predittiva, e/o creare gruppi di persone fisiche suddivise per fasce di mercato in base ad un set minimo di elementi (es. paese e/o area geografica di provenienza, preferenze sulle nostre categorie di prodotti, scelte relative all’acquisto di nostri prodotti e, in particolare, eventuali mancati acquisti di nostri prodotti inseriti a carrello del nostro Sito, rilevati tramite la funzionalità dello stesso: in tal caso ci riferiamo alla profilazione “Basic”), fino ad arrivare a profili più evoluti basati su età, sesso, comportamenti on line (diversi dai mancati acquisti di nostri prodotti) e precedenti acquisti (frequenza, articoli, prezzi: in tal caso ci riferiamo alla profilazione “Advanced”).
Tale attività ha un duplice scopo: comprendere meglio la clientela, sia come gruppi sia come individui, e analizzare l’efficacia del marketing per sviluppare e aggiornare prodotti, servizi e offerte in linea con le preferenze dei nostri target.
La profilazione mira quindi ad allineare i servizi e beni da noi offerti con la domanda attuale e potenziale, misurare i risultati di specifiche promozioni, intraprendere azioni correttive dirette a migliorare i risultati aziendali (es. riducendo il rischi di investire risorse verso aree tematiche marginali per il target) e l’efficacia dei processi commerciali (es. accertando quanti messaggi e contenuti promozionali che ti abbiamo inviato sono stati da te visti e cliccati), limitare l’invio di comunicazioni promozionali non pertinenti alle tue probabili aspettative ed esigenze o tramite canali non graditi. Ciò significa che non inviamo le stesse offerte a tutti gli interessati e riusciremo a inviarti comunicazioni pubblicitarie il più possibile vicine ai tuoi gusti, interessi o preferenze, o tramite i metodi di contatto da te preferiti, migliorando la tua esperienza di acquisto, anche a tuo stesso vantaggio.
Inoltre, se tu consenti alla profilazione, utilizziamo i dati per pubblicizzare servizi e prodotti sui social media ad altre persone che hanno un profilo analogo al tuo e che pertanto potrebbero essere le più interessate a quanto offerto.
La profilazione non comporta la tua esclusione da vantaggi specifici o dalla possibilità di esercitare liberamente i tuoi diritti in relazione ai dati personali da noi trattati; in particolare non pregiudica la possibilità per l’interessato di usufruire dei nostri servizi ordinari (es. pre-registrazione on-line, acquisto servizi).
Base giuridica del trattamento di profilazione è, per quando riguarda la profilazione BASIC, il nostro legittimo interesse a disporre di un profilo elementare per limitare le azioni di marketing agli argomenti di maggiore interesse per l’utente, nonché per riproporre all’utente il carrello in caso di mancato acquisto; per quanto riguarda la profilazione Advanced, la base giuridica è il previo consenso comunicato a Dainese da parte dell’interessato (o da terzi nel caso in cui i dati non siano raccolti presso l’interessato).
Il consenso dell’interessato al trattamento per finalità di profilazione e marketing diretto vale anche per la comunicazione dei dati a terzi?
La comunicazione di dati da parte di DAINESE a terzi a fini di marketing diretto potrà essere destinata, a seconda dei casi, alle altre società parte del Gruppo o a terzi che, nell’ambito di medesime attività di marketing condivise e/o nell’ambito del medesimo trattamento per finalità di marketing diretto (es. in relazione a iniziative di marketing co-branded), collaborano con DAINESE, oppure vengano delegati per contratto a trasmettere le comunicazioni commerciali all’interessato e/o a trattare per conto del Titolare i dati ricevuti per finalità di marketing.
Nei suddetti due casi i terzi destinatari dei dati, poichè vengono designati per iscritto come “responsabili esterni” del trattamento da parte di DAINESE, potranno trattare i dati per conto di DAINESE basandosi sul medesimo consenso marketing specifico (incluso quello alla comunicazione a terzi per tali finalità) già prestato a favore di DAINESE.
Per contro, il consenso al trattamento per finalità di marketing prestato dall’interessato a favore di DAINESE non legittima automaticamente anche la comunicazione o cessione dei dati da parte di DAINESE a terzi che li trattino in una veste di co-titolari o di titolari autonomi (cioè diversa da quella di responsabile esterno) del trattamento (di regola ciò avviene solo con terzi partners che intendano usare i dati autonomamente per finalità di profilazione e/o marketing diretto): per procedere dunque a tale comunicazione a terzi, DAINESE deve acquisire presso l’interessato un consenso ulteriore, separato, aggiuntivo, documentato, espresso e anch’esso facoltativo.
5. Cosa accade se non rilasciate a DAINESE i Vostri dati personali
Il conferimento a DAINESE dei Dati Personali per le Finalità Commerciali (in particolare, dei dati anagrafici, del tuo indirizzo di posta elettronica, del tuo indirizzo postale, della tua carta di credito/debito e coordinate bancarie e numero di telefono) è necessario con riguardo al perseguimento delle Finalità Commerciali.
L'eventuale rifiuto di indicare a DAINESE taluni Dati Personali necessari a tali scopi potrebbe comportare l'impossibilità di stipulare e/o eseguire il contratto di acquisto dei prodotti e servizi sul Sito o, ancora, di adempiere correttamente agli obblighi di legge e di Regolamento. L’indicazione di ulteriori Dati Personali, diversi da quelli di conferimento obbligatorio, è invece facoltativa e non comporta alcuna conseguenza relativamente all'acquisto di prodotti sul Sito e in generale non comporta per l’Utente alcun obbligo né alcuno svantaggio.
In relazione alle Finalità Commerciali non è per contro necessario alcun Vs. consenso preventivo al trattamento, in quanto tale trattamento da parte di DAINESE risulta lecito in base ad altri motivi (principalmente per l’interesse legittimo di DAINESE, prevalente sugli interessi o i diritti e le libertà fondamentali dell’interessato, di perfezionare il contratto di vendita dei prodotti e servizi e di far si che lo stesso venga - come necessario - regolarmente eseguito dopo la stipula). Tale legittimo interesse comprende anche quello a intrattenere, su richiesta dell’Utente, scambi di informazioni con l’Utente finalizzati alla suddetta stipula (ad es. circa la tipologia e/o le caratteristiche dei prodotti). Analogamente, il Titolare ha la necessità di adempiere agli obblighi di legge collegati al contratto.
Il conferimento/consenso a DAINESE dei Dati Personali per le Finalità Marketing è sempre facoltativo e connesso al processo di registrazione dell’Utente al Sito e il mancato conferimento, così come il mancato consenso al trattamento per le Finalità Marketing, non comporta alcuna conseguenza sul processo di acquisto ma solo l’impossibilità di finalizzare la registrazione e quindi di usufruire dei servizi quali newsletter, offerte generalizzate o personalizzate ed accesso alle aree promozionali riservate, in cui si sostanzia l’attività di marketing diretto. Di volta in volta Vi informeremo dovutamente del carattere obbligatorio oppure facoltativo della comunicazione dei Dati Personali a DAINESE e delle eventuali conseguenze in caso di non conferimento.
6. A chi comunichiamo i Dati Personali
I Dati Personali potranno essere resi disponibili a terze società che svolgono, per conto di DAINESE, specifici servizi, in qualità di Responsabili del trattamento o comunicati ad ulteriori terzi che trattano i dati in modo autonomo, unicamente per permettere la conclusione e/o dare esecuzione al contratto di acquisto di prodotti sul Sito  e solo quando tale finalità non sia incompatibile con gli scopi per i quali i Dati Personali sono stati raccolti e successivamente trattati e, comunque, in modo conforme alla legge.
In particolare, DAINESE si avvale di fornitori che garantiscono il servizio di post-vendita, come meglio descritto nelle Condizioni di Vendita del Sito, consultabili al seguente link. DAINESE si avvale altresì, per l’esecuzione della fase di spedizione, anche di vettori e corrieri (UPS, DHL, etc.) i quali, tratteranno i dati personali degli Utenti con la sola finalità di portare a termine l’incarico di consegna loro affidato.
I dati possono essere comunicati inoltre a: 1) istituti bancari, a istituti di moneta elettronica o ad altri soggetti autorizzati per l'esecuzione dei servizi di pagamento elettronico a distanza, mediante carta di credito/debito o tramite funzionalità rese disponibili tramite device mobili), 2) imprese di assicurazione (per coperture assicurative di trasporti; 3) società di recupero crediti, assicurazione e/o cessione di crediti (in caso di inadempimento dell’Utente agli obblighi contrattuali verso DAINESE); 4) società di informazioni commerciali (in caso di contenzioso con l’Utente); 4) altre società, enti e/o persone fisiche che svolgono attività strumentali, di supporto o funzionali all’esecuzione dei contratti o servizi richiesti dalla S.V. (es. società incaricati della gestione del Sito web, società che erogano attività di manutenzione ed assistenza in relazione ai database dei Titolari).
I Dati personali sono comunicati ad alcuni altri responsabili esterni del trattamento quali, in particolare, dottori commercialisti, avvocati e studi legali, società di revisione e/o revisori dei conti, organismi di vigilanza connessi al modello organizzativo adottato da DANIESE ai sensi del D.Lgs. 231/2001 a fini di prevenzione del rischio di commissione di taluni reati; il tutto per permettere agli stessi di svolgere, a vario titolo, le attività necessarie a garantire il rispetto di obblighi di legge relativi alla vendita di beni e servizi tramite il Sito.
Per le Finalità Marketing DAINESE comunica i Dati personali anche a società terze responsabili esterne del trattamento: agenzie di marketing e pubblicità, società di servizi di hosting, società di sviluppo e gestione di siti web, società di web marketing, fornitori di servizi di comunicazione elettronica e ICT; terzi partners commerciali - anche se operanti in settori produttivi non inclusi nell’e-shop, ad esempio operanti nel settore automotive - con cui DAINESE attiva azioni di co-marketing o di gestione di Eventi. DAINESE può altresì condividere alcuni dati (nome, cognome, email) con terze piattaforme di social media (es. Facebook, Google) che li usano al solo scopo di identificare altre persone simili all’utente che potrebbero essere interessate ai servizi e/o prodotti di DAINESE, in modo da pubblicizzarli tramite le piattaforme dei social media.
Nel caso di incidenti che coinvolgano la responsabilità civile prodotto di DAINESE, i dati personali possono essere comunicati a terzi soggetti incaricati della gestione del relativo sinistro (es. studi legali, ma anche tecnici, imprese di assicurazione che erogano la relativa polizza assicurativa attivata in relazione al sinistro stesso).
I suddetti responsabili esterni del trattamento dei Dati Personali, sono stati nominati da DAINESE perchè hanno dimostrato di possedere esperienza, capacità ed affidabilità e di fornire idonea garanzia del pieno rispetto delle vigenti disposizioni in materia, ivi compreso il profilo sulla sicurezza dei dati. I responsabili effettuano il trattamento secondo le istruzioni del Titolare che li ha nominati, che periodicamente verifica che essi abbiano assolto puntualmente i compiti loro affidati e che continuino a prestare idonee garanzie contrattuali e legali in materia di protezione dei dati personali.
Potrai in qualsiasi momento ottenere un elenco aggiornato dei responsabili esterni e dei titolari autonomi del trattamento scrivendo a: privacy@dainese.com.
Dati dell’Utente relativi alla registrazione nel Sito
I Dati Personali non saranno comunicati, ceduti o, in altro modo, trasferiti ad altri soggetti terzi, senza che gli Utenti ne siano previamente informati e senza il relativo consenso, quando ciò sia richiesto dalla legge.
Nel caso di cessione a terzi dell’azienda o ramo d’azienda di cui fa parte il Sito, i Dati personali dell’utente saranno automaticamente ceduti all’acquirente. Nel caso di cessione a terzi di una partecipazione di controllo nel capitale sociale di DAINESE i Dati personali potrebbero essere comunicati al/i soggetto/i acquirente/i.
I Dati Personali non saranno diffusi, vale a dire messi a disposizione di un numero incontrollato di terzi soggetti.
7. Come vengono raccolti i Dati Personali
DAINESE raccoglie direttamente dagli Utenti i Dati Personali ed altre informazioni nell'ambito dei processi che gestisce sul Sito (acquisto di prodotti sul Sito per la conclusione di transazioni di commercio elettronico / compilazione dei moduli di registrazione Utente presso il Sito per le finalità di marketing di DAINESE) o mediante altri mezzi (ad es. raccolta cartacea o mediante strumenti informatici presso i negozi, eventi, fiere).
In particolare, nel perseguimento delle Finalità Commerciali, nell'ambito dei processi di acquisto dei prodotti e servizi sul Sito, DAINESE raccoglie i Dati Personali (come ad esempio, dati anagrafici, indirizzo di posta elettronica, indirizzo postale, estremi di carta di credito, coordinate bancarie, estremi di strumenti e codici di pagamento tramite dispositivi mobili, numero di telefono) mediante il modulo d'ordine per la vendita dei prodotti sul Sito.
8. Misure di sicurezza
DAINESE adotta misure di sicurezza idonee a ridurre al minimo i rischi di distruzione o di perdita, anche accidentale, dei Dati Personali, di accesso non autorizzato o di trattamento non consentito o non conforme alle finalità di raccolta indicate nella presente Privacy Policy.
Tali misure includono ad esempio l’uso di credenziali di autenticazione (id-user password) da parte di chi per conto di DAINESE accede ai dati, configurazione di profili di autorizzazione diretti a limitare l’accesso alle sole entità giuridiche e persone fisiche preventivamente autorizzate, revisione periodica di tali profili di autorizzazione, utilizzo di procedure di back-up e ripristino, software antivirus a livello di server e client, aggiornato giornalmente, firewall e software anti-intrusione. L’archivio email è protetto da un software antivirus e antispam. Inoltre il Sito è basato su tecnologia HTTPS, che è un protocollo per la comunicazione sicura attraverso una rete di computer utilizzato su Internet. HTTPS consiste nella comunicazione tramite il protocollo HTTP (HyperText Transfer Protocol) all'interno di una connessione criptata dal Transport Layer Security (TLS) o dal suo predecessore, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). Il principio che sta alla base di HTTPS è quello di avere: i) un'autenticazione del sito web visitato, ii) protezione della privacy, iii) integrità dei dati scambiati tra le parti comunicanti. Il sistema di invio newsletter è altresì presidiato da un software antispam e antivirus. I dati sono contenuti in archivi che sono giornalmente oggetto di salvataggio su supporti custoditi in locali protetti.
Per quanto riguarda la migliore tutela dei Vostri Dati Personali per quanto prescinde dal controllo e dalla gestione di DAINESE, consigliamo di assicurarsi che il computer utilizzato sia dotato di dispositivi software adeguati per la protezione della trasmissione in rete di dati, sia in entrata sia in uscita (come sistemi antivirus aggiornati) e che il fornitore di servizi Internet prescelto abbia adottato misure idonee per la sicurezza della trasmissione di dati in rete (come ad esempio firewalls e filtri antispamming).
9. Trattamenti obbligatori
Vi informiamo che DAINESE potrà trattare i Dati Personali anche in assenza di consenso in alcuni casi previsti dalla legge, come, ad esempio, quando ciò sia necessario per eseguire il contratto con l’Utente o adempiere ad un obbligo di legge.
Ad esempio, i Dati Personali potranno essere comunicati a forze di polizia o all'autorità giudiziaria, in conformità alla legge e previa richiesta formale da parte di tali soggetti, ad esempio nell'ambito di servizi antifrode, o anche in assenza di specifica richiesta, per l’adempimento di obblighi fiscali (es. Agenzia delle Entrate).
10. I diritti degli interessati
Si informa che l’Interessato avrà diritto di:
- chiedere al Titolare la conferma che sia o meno in corso un trattamento di dati personali che lo riguardano e in tal caso, di ottenere l'accesso ai dati personali e alle seguenti informazioni: a) le finalità del trattamento; b) le categorie di dati personali in questione; c) i destinatari o le categorie di destinatari a cui i dati personali sono stati o saranno comunicati, in particolare se destinatari di paesi terzi o organizzazioni internazionali; d) quando possibile, il periodo di conservazione dei dati personali previsto oppure, se non è possibile, i criteri utilizzati per determinare tale periodo; e) l'esistenza del diritto dell'interessato di chiedere al titolare del trattamento la rettifica o la cancellazione dei dati personali o la limitazione del trattamento dei dati personali che lo riguardano o di opporsi al loro trattamento; f) il diritto di proporre reclamo a un'autorità di controllo; g) qualora i dati non siano raccolti presso l'interessato, tutte le informazioni disponibili sulla loro origine; h) l'esistenza di un processo decisionale automatizzato, compresa la profilazione e, almeno in tali casi, informazioni significative sulla logica utilizzata, nonché l'importanza e le conseguenze previste di tale trattamento per l'interessato.
- qualora i dati personali siano trasferiti a un paese terzo o a un'organizzazione internazionale, l'interessato ha il diritto di essere informato dell'esistenza di garanzie adeguate relative al trasferimento;
- richiedere, ed ottenere senza ingiustificato ritardo, la rettifica dei dati inesatti; tenuto conto delle finalità del trattamento, l'integrazione dei dati personali incompleti, anche fornendo una dichiarazione integrativa;
- richiedere  la cancellazione dei dati se a) i dati personali non sono più necessari rispetto alle finalità per le quali sono stati raccolti o altrimenti trattati; b) l'interessato revoca il consenso su cui si basa il trattamento e non sussiste altro fondamento giuridico per il trattamento; c) l'interessato si oppone al trattamento, e non sussiste alcun motivo legittimo prevalente per procedere al trattamento, oppure si oppone al trattamento operato per finalità di marketing diretto (compresa la profilazione funzionale a tale marketing diretto); d) i dati personali sono stati trattati illecitamente; e) i dati personali devono essere cancellati per adempiere un obbligo legale previsto dal diritto dell'Unione o dello Stato membro cui è soggetto il titolare del trattamento; f) i dati personali sono stati raccolti relativamente all'offerta di servizi della società dell'informazione. Cancellazione dal database di DAINESE
- richiedere la limitazione del trattamento che riguarda l’interessato, quando ricorre una delle seguenti ipotesi: a) l'interessato contesta l'esattezza dei dati personali, per il periodo necessario al titolare del trattamento per verificare l'esattezza di tali dati personali; b) il trattamento è illecito e l'interessato si oppone alla cancellazione dei dati personali e chiede invece che ne sia limitato l'utilizzo; c) benché il titolare del trattamento non ne abbia più bisogno ai fini del trattamento, i dati personali sono necessari all'interessato per l'accertamento, l'esercizio o la difesa di un diritto in sede giudiziaria; d) l'interessato si è opposto al trattamento svolto per finalità di marketing diretto, in attesa della verifica in merito all'eventuale prevalenza dei motivi legittimi del titolare del trattamento rispetto a quelli dell'interessato.;
- ottenere dal titolare del trattamento, su richiesta, la comunicazione dei terzi destinatari cui sono stati trasmessi i dati personali;
- revocare in qualsiasi momento il consenso al trattamento ove in precedenza comunicato per una o più specifiche finalità dei propri dati personali, restando inteso che ciò non pregiudicherà la liceità del trattamento basata sul consenso prestato prima della revoca.
In particolare, per revocare il consenso precedentemente dato a DAINESE) l’interessato può inviare una richiesta specifica in uno dei modi seguenti: i) attenendosi alle istruzioni di cancellazione indicate in fondo a ciascun messaggio e-mail, oppure ii) inviando una e-mail a privacy@dainese.com contenente la richiesta.
- ricevere in un formato strutturato, di uso comune e leggibile da dispositivo automatico i dati personali che riguardano l’interessato da questi forniti al Titolare del trattamento e, se tecnicamente fattibile, di far trasmettere tali dati direttamente a un altro titolare del trattamento senza impedimenti da parte del Titolare cui li ha forniti, qualora ricorra la seguente condizione (cumulativa): a) il trattamento si basi sul consenso dell’interessato per una o più specifiche finalità, o su un contratto di cui l’interessato è parte e alla cui esecuzione il trattamento  è necessario; e b) il trattamento sia effettuato con mezzi automatizzati (software) (complessivo diritto alla c.d “portabilità”). L’esercizio del diritto c.d. alla portabilità fa salvo il diritto alla cancellazione sopra previsto;
- l'interessato ha il diritto di non essere sottoposto a una decisione basata unicamente sul trattamento automatizzato, compresa la profilazione, che produca effetti giuridici che lo riguardano o che incida in modo analogo significativamente sulla sua persona.
- l’interessato in ogni momento può altresì proporre reclamo all’Autorità di controllo competente in base al GDPR (quella della sua sede di residenza o domicilio).
Come esercitare i diritti
Potete esercitare i suddetti vs. diritti, oltreché ottenere un elenco dei responsabili e dei terzi titolari autonomi a cui i dati sono stati comunicati da parte di DAINESE, inviando una e-mail a privacy@dainese.com o scrivendo all’indirizzo postale di DAINESE S.p.A., Via Louvigny n. 35 – 36064 – Colceresa (VI) - Italia.
11. Titolare del trattamento, Data Protection Officer. Contatti
Titolare del trattamento dei dati personali degli Utenti è DAINESE S.p.A. con sede in Via Louvigny n. 35 – 36064 – Colceresa (VI) - Italia, C.F. e P.IVA 03924090248.
Al fine di vigilare sull’osservanza del GDPR e delle leggi applicabili al trattamento dei dati personali dell’interessato, da parte di Dainese, Dainese ha nominato un soggetto terzo, indipendente, quale Data Protection Officer: è l’Avv. Luca De Muri, domiciliato per la carica presso la sede e raggiungibile all’indirizzo email privacy@dainese.com.
Se desiderate ricevere maggiori informazioni su come DAINESE tratta i Dati Personali, scrivete a: privacy@dainese.com o all'indirizzo della sede legale di DAINESE.
Per conoscere i Vostri diritti ed essere aggiornati sulla normativa in materia di tutela delle persone rispetto al trattamento dei Dati Personali suggeriamo di visionare il sito web del Garante privacy www.garanteprivacy.it.
12. Legge applicabile
Questa Privacy Policy è regolata dalla legge comunitaria (GDPR) e italiana e in particolare dal Codice Privacy.
13. Modifiche e aggiornamenti della Privacy Policy
DAINESE in qualsiasi momento potrà modificare o semplicemente aggiornare, in tutto o in parte, la Privacy Policy anche in considerazione della modifica delle norme di legge o di regolamento che proteggono i Vostri diritti. In calce al presente documento è indicata l’ultima versione della Privacy Policy, che si applica al trattamento dei Dati Personali dalla data in essa indicata. Le modifiche e gli aggiornamenti della Privacy Policy del Sito saranno efficaci non appena pubblicati sul Sito, in questa sezione. Gli Utenti riceveranno via email l’avviso di qualsiasi modifica apportata alla presente Privacy Policy. Siete in ogni caso tenuti ad accedere con regolarità a questa sezione per verificare la pubblicazione della più recente ed aggiornata Privacy Policy del Sito.
PRIVACY POLICY ver1 22.05.2018
Introduction
Bienvenue sur www.dainese.com (le “Site”). Nous vous prions de bien vouloir lire attentivement notre Politique de Confidentialité qui s'applique, soit lorsque vous décidez simplement d'accéder et de naviguer à l'intérieur du Site et d'utiliser ses services, sans acheter aucun produit, soit lorsque vous achetez les produits ou les services proposés à la vente sur le Site en question.
Cette Politique de Confidentialité s'applique également en cas de récupération de données par le Site au moyen d'outils divers, si non précisé différemment.
En utilisant le site, vous acceptez les conditions décrites dans la Politique de Confidentialité et dans la note d'information en bas de page de la Politique de Confidentialité. Si vous ne partagez pas certaines des conditions et des modalités reportées dans la Politique de Confidentialité, nous vous invitons à ne pas utiliser le Site.
Le traitement des Données Personnelles des Utilisateurs et des consommateurs (par la suite désignés par le terme commun "Utilisateurs") sera réalisé conformément à la norme Européenne applicable (GDPR – Règlement UE privacy 679/2016 et Règlement EPrivacy) et au Code en matière de Protection des Données Personnelles (par la suite “Code Confidentialité”: D. Lég. 30 juin 2003, n° 196, et, après l'abrogation de celui-ci, la norme italienne équivalente de remplacement), qui réglemente le traitement des Données Personnelles effectuées i) dans le cadre des activités d'une entreprise par une personne titulaire du traitement ou par un responsable du traitement dans l'Union Européenne, indépendamment du fait que le traitement soit réalisé ou non à l'intérieur de l'Union Européenne. 4.5.2016 L 119/32 Journal officiel de l'Union Européenne IT ; et ii) au traitement des Données Personnelles de personnes intéressées se trouvant dans l'Union, effectué par un titulaire du traitement ou par un responsable du traitement ne résidant pas au sein de l'Union Européenne, lorsque les activités de traitement concernent : a) l'offre de biens ou la prestation de services aux personnes intéressées susmentionnées dans l'Union, indépendamment de l'obligation d'un paiement de l'intéressé ; ou bien b) le suivi de leur comportement à condition que celui-ci est lieu à l'intérieur de l'Union Européenne.
Le traitement est effectué dans le respect des droits et des libertés fondamentales, ainsi que de la dignité de l'intéressé, notamment en ce qui concerne la confidentialité, l'identité personnelle et le droit à la protection des Données Personnelles.
1. La Politique de Confidentialité
DAINESE S.p.A. (ci-après dénommée “DAINESE”) respecte le droit de ses Utilisateurs à être informés concernant la collecte et les autres opérations de traitement de leurs Données Personnelles. Lors du traitement des données pouvant, directement ou indirectement, identifier votre personne, nous respectons un principe de stricte nécessité en configurant le Site de façon à ce que l'utilisation des Données Personnelles soit réduite au minimum et dans le but d'exclure le traitement des Données Personnelles lorsque les finalités poursuivies dans les cas individuels, peuvent être réalisées en utilisant des données anonymes (comme, par exemple, lors de recherches de marché ayant pour but d'améliorer des services, d'analyser des pages et des contenus davantage visités ou cliqués, de connaître la provenance des Utilisateurs d'autres sites ou de canaux en ligne), ou par d'autres moyens, qui permettent d'identifier la personne concernée uniquement en cas de nécessité ou sur demande des autorités et des forces de police (comme, par exemple, pour les données relatives au trafic et à la permanence sur le site, ou à votre adresse IP).
2. Types de données
À travers les modules Internet disponibles sur les sites, nous ne vous demandons jamais de Données Personnelles "particulières" (Données Personnelles permettant de révéler l'origine raciale et ethnique, les convictions religieuses, philosophiques ou d'un autre type, les opinions politiques, l'adhésion à des partis, des syndicats, des associations ou des organisations à caractère religieux, philosophique, politique ou syndical, ainsi que les Données Personnelles permettant de révéler l'état de santé ou l'orientation sexuelle) ou "judiciaires" (données en matière de casier judiciaire ou afférentes à la qualité de prévenu ou de suspects, etc.).
Les données que nous traitons peuvent être divisées en trois catégories générales : i) les données de navigation, ii) les données fournies de façon active par l'intéressé, iii) les données relatives recueillies auprès de tiers  et notamment sur Internet, au moyen du logiciel HubSpot (voir informations ultérieures).
i) Données de navigation
Les systèmes informatiques et les procédures logicielles préposées au fonctionnement du Site acquièrent, au cours de leur utilisation normale, certaines Données Personnelles dont la transmission est implicite à l’utilisation des protocoles de communication d’Internet. Il s’agit d’informations n’ayant pas été collectées pour être associées à des personnes identifiables, mais qui de par leur nature même, pourraient, par l'intermédiaire d'élaborations et d'associations avec des données détenues par des tiers, permettre d'identifier les usagers. Cette catégorie de données comprend les adresses IP ou les noms de domaine des ordinateurs utilisés par les usagers qui se connectent au Site, les adresses URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) des ressources requises, l’heure de la demande, la méthode utilisée pour présenter la demande au serveur, la dimension du fichier obtenue en réponse, le code numérique indiquant l'état de la réponse donnée par le serveur (réponse correcte, erreur, etc.), le pays d'origine et d’autres paramètres relatifs au système d’exploitation et à l’environnement informatique de l’usager (ex. les caractéristiques du navigateur et du système d'exportation utilisé par le visiteur, le type de dispositif utilisé pour accéder à Internet, les différentes connotations temporelles de la visite (ex. le temps de permanence sur chaque page, et les détails relatifs à l'itinéraire suivi à l'intérieur des pages du site, en se référant notamment à l'ordre des pages consultées)). Cette catégorie de données comprend également les registres de système, à savoir les fichiers qui enregistrent les interactions entre l'Utilisateur et le Site. Ces données sont utilisées afin de gérer l'accès au Site et aux services inclus dans celui-ci,  pour obtenir des statistiques anonymes sur l'utilisation du Site, rendre les fonctionnalités du Site techniquement possibles et en contrôler le fonctionnement correct, et garantir la manutention de la base de données correspondante. Dans ces cas, les données de navigation ne permettent pas d'identifier les Utilisateurs intéressés et sont supprimées immédiatement après le traitement sous forme anonyme. Les données de navigation peuvent être également utilisées pour la vérification de responsabilité en cas de délits ou d'autres infractions commises par l'intéressé à l'encontre du Site et/ou de tiers par le biais du Site.
ii) Données fournies par l’Utilisateur
Les données fournies volontairement par l'Utilisateur et recueillies par le biais du Site et d'autres moyens, sont envoyées à deux bases de données générales distinctes :
- “B2B” (relative aux revendeurs, distributeurs, agents de la société);
- “B2C” (relatives aux personnes physiques utilisatrices finales des produits et des services de l'entreprise).
Ces données concernent :
les informations envoyées par les Utilisateurs de façon facultative et volontaire aux adresses indiquées sur le Site (ex. adresse de messagerie électronique, objet de l'e-mail, dénomination ou raison sociale, nom et prénom, etc., adresse du siège, résidence ou domicile (code postal, ville, province), numéro de téléphone fixe ou mobile, pays, langue de contact, etc.) ;
les Données Personnelles fournies par les Utilisateurs pour profiter des services accessibles sur le site, ou pour participer à des initiatives proposées par le Site ou par le biais d'autres moyens (ex. donnés relatives à des achats effectués par l'intéressé, telles que le type de produit, la date et le prix d'achat, le modèle et le numéro de série du produit, le revendeur auprès duquel l'achat a été effectué) ;
les Données Personnelles fournies par les Utilisateurs qui effectuent des demandes d'envoi de nouvelles, d'informations ou de newsletter ;
les Données Personnelles fournies par les Utilisateurs qui envoient des propositions de candidatures ("curriculum vitae", etc.), par le biais du formulaire en ligne "Careers" ;
les données à caractère personnel collectées par le biais de produits de la catégorie D-Air, qui contiennent en leur sein un système GPS, nécessaire au fonctionnement du produit, qui enregistre, pour une durée limitée et uniquement sur le produit, des données relatives à sa localisation géographique. Les données seront traitées par Dainese uniquement en cas de livraison du produit de la catégorie D-Air à Dainese ou à un revendeur agréé, pour la restauration du sac D-Air ou pour la réparation ou à des fins de recherche et développement du produit.
Lorsque vous envoyez spontanément un e-mail à l'une des adresses de messagerie électronique indiquées sur nos sites, nous recueillons l'adresse de l'expéditeur et les autres Données Personnelles éventuelles que vous avez insérées dans la demande et dans les annexes. Les boîtes aux lettres électroniques correspondant aux adresses indiquées sur nos sites et toute autre boîte aux lettres électronique de DAINESE, n'ont pas de caractère personnel, même lorsqu'elles indiquent un nom et/ou un prénom d'une personne physique. Elles appartiennent à l'entreprise et ont pour but principal de permettre l'exécution efficace des activités de travail au sein de la société de DAINESE Group. Cela signifie que les messages envoyés aux boîtes aux lettres électroniques de DAINESE Group, pourront être connus par d'autres personnes que le destinataire, appartenant à l'entreprise. En envoyant un e-mail aux adresses de messagerie électronique indiquées sur nos sites, vous déclarez avoir lu et accepté les conditions de traitement contenues dans la présente Politique de Confidentialité.
iii) Données recueillies auprès de tiers
DAINESE utilise le logiciel HubSpot qui permet d'associer à l'e-mail de l'intéressé B2C, des informations ultérieures sur l'intéressé repérées automatiquement sur Internet par le logiciel en question et qui sont associées à l'e-mail afin de construire un profil de base de l'intéressé que DAINESE utilise à des fins de profilage et de marketing.
3. Qui traite vos Données Personnelles, de quelle façon et dans quels buts
DAINESE est l'unique titulaire autonome du traitement de Données Personnelles des Utilisateurs (“Données Personnelles”), concernant  aussi bien les activités de gestion, de conclusion et d'exécution des transactions commerciales relatives à la vente de produits et de services par le biais du Site ou des magasins physiques appartenant à Dainese, ainsi qu'aux services après-vente (les "Finalités Commerciales"), que les finalités de marketing direct comprenant le profilage utilisé pour les activités de marketing direct réalisées par le biais des fonctionnalités du Site et/ou d'autres canaux en ligne éventuelle (envoi de newsletter relatives au monde de DAINESE, aux produits et aux services de l'entreprise, envoi par SMS, e-mail, téléphone avec opérateur, réseau social, messagerie mobile, de messages promotionnels et publicitaires généralisés et/ou personnalisés en fonction des habitudes de consommation et/ou d'autres préférences et intérêts éventuels exprimés par l'Utilisateur (les “Finalités Marketing”) conformément à l'autorisation fournie par l'intéressé tel qu'indiqué plus précisément ci-dessous.
Aux fins des Finalités Commerciales, les Données Personnelles sont traitées pour 1) satisfaire des exigences pré-contractuelles (ex. préparation d'offres ou de vos commandes, vérification de solvabilité) ; 2) réalisation d'obligations contractuelles (liées à la fourniture ou à l'achat de biens et/ou de services) et légales (ex. tenue de comptabilité, formalités fiscales, gestion administrative, comptable et de trésorerie) ; 4) gestion de clients et de fournisseurs ; 5) gestion des attributions et contrôle des risques (fraudes, insolvabilités, etc.) ; 6) gestion des contentieux, cession et assurance de crédits) ; 7) services financiers utilisés pour la gestion de clients/fournisseurs et pour la gestion de moyens de paiement électronique ; 8) services d'assurance utilisés pour la gestion de clients/fournisseurs.
Les Données Personnelles seront traitées uniquement par les préposés au traitement spécifiquement sélectionnés et autorisés par écrit par DAINESE et contrôlés par DAINESE, afin d'empêcher l'accès non autorisé aux données, ainsi que les opérations illégales de traitement par des tiers, et plus généralement, pour prévenir les risques de sécurité concernant les Données Personnelles.  Les catégories de personnes autorisées au traitement sont les individus autorisés appartenant aux bureaux administratifs, marketing, commerciaux, après vente, réclamations, légaux et ICT.
Les Données Personnelles sont principalement traitées au format électronique et dans certains cas, au format papier également.
Les logiques et les formes d'organisation de traitement seront étroitement liées aux finalités individuelles indiquées respectivement ci-dessus. Afin de garantir que les Données Personnelles sont toujours exactes et à jour, pertinentes et complètes, nous vous prions de bien vouloir nous signaler toute modification à l'adresse de messagerie électronique suivante: privacy@dainese.com.
Les données sont traitées au sein du système informatique de Custom Relation Management (CRM) de DAINESE dédié à la gestion des clients, des fournisseurs et d'autres contacts.
Ce CRM se base sur certains services cloud souscrits par DAINESE et délivrés par des fournisseurs tiers (société SugarCRM Inc. siégeant aux U.S.A, avec serveur UE ou extra-UE, HubSpot Inc. siégeant aux USA et serveurs en Allemagne, à Francfort), dont les serveurs peuvent se trouver en UE ou dans d'autres pays extra-UE (voir rubrique suivante "Transfert de données à l'étranger").
Concernant la Politique de Confidentialité du fournisseur tiers SugarCRM INC., voir l’URL : https://www.sugarcrm.com/legal/privacy-policy.  La société SugarCRM INC. est également une entreprise américaine enregistrée auprès de l'organisme américain compétent selon la convention UE-USA dénommée “Privacy Shield” (v. https://www.sugarcrm.com/legal/privacy-shield-notice).
Concernant la Politique de Confidentialité du fournisseur tiers HubSpot INC., voir l’URL : https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy. Pour la politique concernant les cookies de HubSpot Inc., voir l’URL https://knowledge.hubspot.com/articles/kcs_article/account/hubspot-cookie-security-and-privacy. La société HubSpotINC. est également une entreprise américaine enregistrée auprès de l'organisme américain compétent selon la convention UE-USA dénommée “Privacy Shield” (v. https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TN8pAAG&status=Active).
Le titulaire utilise également un logiciel cloud de la société THRON S.p.A. (“THRON”), qui fournit une solution technique intégrée de digital asset management (“DAM”) (à savoir, de gestion des ressources numériques). Grâce à THRON, le titulaire est en mesure de gérer de façon centralisée et donc plus efficace, ses propres aux sources numériques qui sont disponibles et/ou publiées, simultanément, sur plusieurs canaux Internet. L'utilisation de THRON permet également d'obtenir des statistiques concernant l'utilisation et la consultation des ressources gérées par le logiciel en question. THRON ne recueille pas automatiquement des Données Personnelles d'identification des Utilisateurs qui visitent les ressources numériques gérées par le logiciel. Toutefois, le logiciel THRON comprend la collecte automatique des données suivantes : l'adresse IP, le système d'exploitation et le type de navigateur de l'ordinateur ou de l'appareil mobile utilisé, l'URL du Site visité avant et après l'accès à un service dans lequel la solution THRON est intégrée. Pour plus informations, consulter la Politique de Confidentialité de THRON, disponible au lien suivant link. Pour la liste des cookies utilisés par THRON, consulter la liste de des cookies de notre Politique concernant les Cookies.
Contenu du traitement
Conformément à la loi, le traitement désigne différents types d'opérations possibles relatives aux Données Personnelles : collecte (par le biais du site, par voie téléphonique, électronique ou écrite, auprès de l'intéressé au des registres publics, de listes d'actes et de documents et/ou de banques de données publiques et/ou privées (ex. sociétés d'informations commerciales ou tiers responsables du traitement délégués par les Titulaires), enregistrement, organisation, conservation et traitement sur supports papiers, magnétiques, automatisés ou électroniques, traitement de données recueillies par des tiers, modification, sélection, extraction, comparaison, utilisation, corrélation également avec des données d'autres sujets sur la base de critères qualitatifs, quantitatifs et temporels, récurrents ou définissables d'une fois sur l'autre, traitement temporaire à des fins de regroupement rapide ou de transformation des données en question, adoption de décisions sous forme automatisée et/ou discrétionnaire, création de profils et de notes d'information, communication, suppression et destruction des données, ou bien combinaison de deux ou de plusieurs opérations susmentionnées ; de plus, le traitement concerne également l'éventuelle utilisation de pseudonymes pour les Données Personnelles.
Le traitement réalisé pour des Finalités marketing comportera également les activités minimums de profilage étroitement nécessaires à l'exécution ciblée de votre demande de réception de newsletters, d'offres promotionnelles et publicitaires dans votre intérêt exclusif et/ou spécifique (et par conséquent, dans le but d'optimiser les actions publicitaires, notamment en évitant l'envoi de contenus éloignés des intérêts réels de l'Utilisateur et en augmentant ainsi la satisfaction du client).
Toutefois, légalement, il ne sera pas nécessaire d'obtenir une autorisation pour l'envoi d'e-mails publicitaires concernant des services et des produits similaires à ceux que vous avez déjà achetés sur le site, hormis en cas de refus exprimé de votre part à tout moment, de recevoir des messages e-mail publicitaires ultérieurs.
Durée du traitement
Les Données Personnelles seront conservées dans la forme qui permet l'identification de l'Utilisateur, pendant le temps étroitement nécessaire à la finalité pour laquelle elles ont été recueillies et ensuite traitées et, dans tous les cas, dans les limites légales indiquées ci-dessous.
Les Données Personnelles de navigation sont traitées pendant le temps nécessaire pour garantir la navigation et l'interaction technique entre l'Utilisateur et le Site ; ce temps correspond à la durée de la session individuelle de navigation.
a) dans la phase pré-contractuelle, pendant le temps nécessaire pour répondre aux demandes de l'intéressé parvenues à la Société (ex. ouverture de demandes d'intervention technique sous garantie) et pour suivre et gérer l'acheminement correct des demandes envoyées par la Société à l'intéressé ; cette durée est limitée à 24 mois à compter de la date de collecte des Données Personnelles;b) relativement au contrat stipulé avec l'intéressé, pendant l'intégralité de la durée des rapports contractuels instaurés avec l'intéressé (notamment, pendant les 2 années de garantie ordinaire conformément au code de la consommation);c) après la cessation du rapport contractuel instauré avec l'intéressé, les Données Personnelles seront traitées pour accomplir toutes les obligations légales liées au rapport contractuel interrompu (notamment, pour prouver la réalisation d'obligations fiscales et civiles aux autorités de contrôle, pendant 10 ans à compter de la cessation du contrat).
Pour les Données Personnelles traitées pour des finalités de sécurité informatique (ex. enregistrement, conservation, analyse de registres relatifs aux événements électroniques et télématiques activés par l'Utilisateur en interagissant avec les fonctionnalités du Site et/ou par l'envoi d'e-mail à DAINESE), la conservation des données durera pendant le temps suffisant pour permettre l'exécution des contrôles de sécurité adaptés correspondants, et pour en évaluer les résultats (1 an à compter de la collecte), ou, en cas d'anomalies ainsi relevées, pendant le temps nécessaire pour résoudre lesdites anomalies au moyen de solutions adaptées.
En cas de contentieux extrajudiciaire ou judiciaire avec l'intéressé et/ou avec des tiers, les données seront traitées pendant l'intégralité du temps strictement nécessaire pour protéger totalement les droits du Titulaire (à savoir, jusqu'à ce qu'une transaction judiciaire ou extrajudiciaire, ou une décision de justice ait résolu le litige).
En cas de traitement pour des Finalités Marketing, la durée est la suivante:
a) finalité de profilage, le traitement durera pendant le temps nécessaire pour l'utilisation des résultats de la finalité en question pour planifier, réaliser et vérifier l'efficacité des campagnes de marketing direct basées sur ledit profilage (1 an) ;
- pour la finalité de marketing direct, le traitement durera 2 ans, sans préjudice du droit de l'intéressé à annuler son autorisation par anticipation, à tout moment.
La durée de la conservation des données recueillies au moyen decookies est illustrée dans la rubrique suivante intitulée "Politique concernant les Cookies".
Une fois la durée prévue respectivement ci-dessus expirée, DAINESE s'engage à procéder à la suppression définitive des Données Personnelles de ses archives électroniques. Selon le cas, la société se réserve le droit, à tout moment, de rendre ces Données Personnelles anonymes,pour lesquelles la norme relative à la confidentialité ne s'appliquera plus.
Lieu du traitement
Le traitement des Données Personnelles aura lieu principalement en Italie, et dans les pays étrangers où d'autres sociétés du groupe Dainese ont leurs sièges. Le traitement peut  être en partie effectué dans des pays étrangers, au sein de l'UE ou en dehors, à condition qu'un transfert soit effectué par DAINESE vers ces pays.
La gestion technique de ce Site et de la base de données est également assurée par des sociétés domiciliées en dehors du territoire de l'Union Européenne ; par conséquent, le personnel de ces sociétés pourra avoir accès aux informations, uniquement en cas de nécessités exceptionnelles liées au fonctionnement technique du Site.
Plus particulièrement, les Données Personnelles seront transférées à l'étranger aux sociétés appartenant au groupe Dainese (dont la liste est disponible sur le site), ainsi que, en cas de nécessité pour la poursuite des Finalités Commerciales, uniquement vers les pays extérieurs à l'Union Européenne qui garantissent des niveaux de protection adaptés et conformes aux prescriptions reconnues par les décisions de la commission UE  en la matière, ou, en l'absence de ces décisions spécifiques, uniquement après la conclusion d'accords spécifiques entre DAINESE et les sujets concernés par les Finalités Marketing, contenant des clauses de sauvegarde adaptées pour la protection des Données Personnelles, conformément à la loi et aux règlements applicables. Lorsque le transfert extra-UE est effectué pour des raisons différentes des Finalités Marketing, la base juridique du transfert est également constituée, dans tous les cas, par l'intérêt légitime de DAINESE à exécuter le contrat avec l'intéressé, ou un contrat stipulé par une des sociétés du groupe avec des tiers en faveur de l'intéressé, ou à réaliser les obligations légales correspondantes.
4. Base juridique du traitement
La base juridique du traitement est constituée :
1) répondre à des exigences précontractuelles (par exemple, instruction de nos offres ou de vos commandes, exécution de vos demandes également pour l'envoi de matériel d'information, de listes de prix, etc.) et/ou exécution d'obligations contractuelles (fourniture ou achat de biens et/ou de services, y compris la gestion des obligations de livraison et la logistique et le transport qui y sont liés) ; la base juridique du traitement est l'exécution d'un contrat auquel la partie intéressée est partie ou l'exécution de mesures précontractuelles à prendre ou à gérer à la demande de celle-ci
2) le respect des obligations légales (par exemple, la tenue de la comptabilité, les formalités fiscales, la gestion administrative et comptable, etc; la base juridique du traitement est donc la nécessité de remplir les obligations légales mentionnées ci-dessus;
3) la gestion des clients et des fournisseurs pour des aspects autres que ceux visés aux points 1-2 (organisation interne des activités fonctionnelles à la fourniture active et passive de produits et/ou de services, par exemple : contrôles de solvabilité, gestion des lignes de crédit et contrôle des risques - fraude, insolvabilité, etc.) -, gestion des litiges et des virements, gestion des services financiers et d'assurance indispensables à la gestion des fournisseurs et gestion des instruments de paiement électronique, gestion de la production, gestion des annuaires téléphoniques, traitement statistique) ; la base juridique du traitement est notre intérêt légitime à pouvoir traiter les données afin de gérer de manière efficace et efficiente la relation avec nos clients et/ou fournisseurs et de gérer les processus organisationnels internes et externes connexes;
4) la fourniture de services d'assistance technique, après-vente et amélioration, à des fins de sécurité et de recherche et développement, des produits de la catégorie D-Air par le biais de données personnelles, y compris les données de localisation, collectées lors de l'enregistrement des produits de la catégorie D-Air et par le téléchargement des données contenues dans les produits de la catégorie D-Air, en cas de livraison du produit pour la restauration ou la réparation du sac à Dainese ou à un concessionnaire agréé; la base juridique du traitement est notre intérêt légitime à pouvoir contacter l'acheteur pour toute mise à jour/communication/rappel, ainsi qu'à des fins de recherche et de développement de produits ;
5) le marketing direct, c'est-à-dire l'envoi de communications commerciales et promotionnelles et/ou l'offre directe de biens et services, par courrier électronique, SMS, appels téléphoniques, réseaux sociaux et/ou études de marché ; selon la loi, il ne sera pas nécessaire d'obtenir un quelconque consentement pour envoyer des courriers électroniques publicitaires sur des produits et services similaires à ceux déjà achetés sur le site ou dans les magasins Dainese puisque, dans ce cas, la base juridique du traitement est notre intérêt légitime à promouvoir notre activité auprès de ceux qui nous connaissent déjà; dans le cas où les courriers électroniques ne concernent pas des produits ou services similaires, la base juridique du traitement est le consentement de la personne concernée ;
6) 6) le profilage ; pour votre profilage, nous utilisons les données (par exemple, nom et prénom, résidence, pays d'origine, téléphone fixe et mobile, adresse électronique, site web, type de produit/service acheté ou vendu) que vous nous communiquez lorsque vous utilisez des services individuels (par exemple, nom et prénom, résidence, pays d'origine, téléphone fixe et mobile, adresse électronique, site web, type de produit/service acheté ou vendu). pour demander la newsletter ou pour effectuer des achats, ou lorsque vous vous inscrivez dans la zone réservée de notre site) également en les associant à des données relatives à votre navigation sur le site de Dainese et/ou à l'utilisation des services fournis par le site (par exemple, les cookies) ou à des données collectées par d'autres canaux de communication (par exemple, les médias sociaux avec lesquels vous interagissez, liés à notre site).
Nous traitons les données pour les analyser, également de manière prédictive, et/ou pour créer des groupes d'individus divisés par segments de marché sur la base d'un ensemble minimum d'éléments (par exemple pays et/ou zone géographique d'origine, préférences sur nos catégories de produits, choix relatifs à l'achat de nos produits et, en particulier, tout achat manqué de nos produits placés dans le panier de notre Site, détecté grâce à la fonctionnalité de celui-ci : dans ce cas, nous nous référons au profilage "Basic"), jusqu'aux profils plus avancés basés sur l'âge, le sexe, le comportement en ligne (autres que les achats manqués de nos produits) et les achats précédents (fréquence, articles, prix : dans ce cas, nous nous référons au profilage "Advanced").
Cette activité a un double objectif : mieux comprendre les clients, à la fois en tant que groupes et en tant qu'individus, et analyser l'efficacité du marketing pour développer et mettre à jour les produits, services et offres en fonction des préférences de notre public cible.
Le profilage vise donc à aligner les services et les biens que nous offrons sur la demande actuelle et potentielle, à mesurer les résultats de promotions spécifiques, à prendre des mesures correctives pour améliorer les résultats commerciaux (par exemple en réduisant le risque d'investir des ressources dans des domaines qui sont marginaux pour le public cible) et l'efficacité des processus commerciaux (par exemple en vérifiant combien de messages et de contenus promotionnels nous vous avons envoyés ont été vus et sur lesquels vous avez cliqué), à limiter l'envoi de communications promotionnelles qui ne sont pas pertinentes par rapport à vos attentes et à vos besoins probables ou par des canaux indésirables. Cela signifie que nous n'envoyons pas les mêmes offres à toutes les parties intéressées et que nous pourrons vous envoyer des communications publicitaires aussi proches que possible de vos goûts, intérêts ou préférences, ou par le biais de vos méthodes de contact préférées, améliorant ainsi votre expérience d'achat, même à votre propre avantage.
En outre, si vous autorisez le profilage, nous utilisons les données pour faire la publicité de services et de produits sur les médias sociaux auprès d'autres personnes qui ont un profil similaire au vôtre et qui peuvent donc être plus intéressées par ce que nous proposons.
Le profilage ne vous exclut pas des avantages spécifiques ou de la possibilité d'exercer librement vos droits en relation avec les données à caractère personnel que nous traitons ; en particulier, il n'affecte pas la possibilité pour la personne concernée d'utiliser nos services ordinaires (par exemple, préinscription en ligne, achat de services).
La base juridique du profilage est, en ce qui concerne le profilage Basic, notre intérêt légitime à disposer d'un profil élémentaire afin de limiter les actions de marketing aux sujets qui intéressent le plus l'utilisateur, ainsi que de proposer à nouveau le panier d'achat à l'utilisateur en cas de non achat ; en ce qui concerne le profilage avancé, la base juridique est le consentement préalable communiqué à Dainese par la partie intéressée (ou par des tiers si les données ne sont pas collectées auprès de la partie intéressée).
L'autorisation de l'intéressé au traitement de ses Données Personnelles pour une finalité de profilage et de marketing direct, est-elle également valable pour la communication des données à des tiers ?
La communication de données de la part de DAINESE à des tiers à des fins de marketing direct, pourra être destinée, selon les cas, à d'autres sociétés appartenant au Groupe ou, dans le cadre d'un partage de mêmes activités marketing et/ou d'un même traitement pour des finalités de marketing direct (ex. relativement à des initiatives de marketing co-branded), à des tiers qui collaborent avec DAINESE, ou bien qui sont délégués par contrat pour la transmission de communications commerciales à l'intéressé et/ou au traitement des données reçues pour le compte du Titulaire pour des finalités de marketing.
Dans les deux cas indiqués ci-dessus, ceux-ci étant désignés par écrit comme "responsables externes" du traitement par DAINESE, les tiers destinataires des données pourront traiter les données pour le compte de DAINESE en se basant sur la même autorisation de marketing spécifique (comprenant l'autorisation à la communication à des tiers pour ces finalités) déjà fournie en faveur de DAINESE.
En revanche, l'autorisation au traitement pour des finalités de marketing fournie par l'intéressé en faveur de DAINESE, ne légitime pas automatiquement la communication ou la cession des données par DAINESE à des tiers qui les traitent en qualité de cotitulaires ou de titulaires autonomes (à savoir, autrement qu'en qualité de responsable externe) du traitement (normalement, cela n'arrive qu'en présence de tiers partenaires souhaitant utiliser les données de façon autonome pour des finalités de profilage et/ou de marketing direct) : par conséquent, pour procéder à cette communication à des tiers, DAINESE doit obtenir une autorisation supplémentaire, séparée, documentée, spéciale et facultative de la part de l'intéressé.
5. Conséquence de la non-fourniture de vos Données Personnelles à DAINESE
La fourniture des Données Personnelles à DAINESE pour les Finalités commerciales (notamment, de vos données d'État civil, de votre adresse de messagerie électronique, votre adresse postale, de votre carte de crédit et de vos coordonnées bancaires et numéros de téléphone) est nécessaire à l'exécution des Finalités commerciales.
Le refus éventuel d'indiquer ces Données Personnelles nécessaires aux finalités indiquées ci-dessus à DAINESE, pourrait entraîner l'impossibilité de conclure et/ou d'exécuter le contrat d'achat des produits et des services sur le site, ou bien encore, de réaliser correctement les obligations légales et réglementaires. En revanche, la fourniture de Données Personnelles supplémentaires, différentes de celles obligatoires, est facultative et n'entraîne aucune conséquence relative à l'achat de produits sur le Site et généralement, n'entraîne aucune obligation ni aucun inconvénient pour l'Utilisateur.
En ce qui concerne les Finalités commerciales, aucune autorisation préalable au traitement n'est nécessaire de votre part, étant donné que ce traitement est considéré comme légal sur la base d'autres motifs (principalement en raison de l'intérêt légitime de DAINESE, prévalant sur les intérêts ou les droits et les libertés fondamentales de l'intéressé, d'exécuter le contrat de vente de produits et de services, et de garantir son exécution régulière après sa conclusion, tel que cela est nécessaire). Cet intérêt légitime comprend également celui de maintenir, sur demande de l'Utilisateur, des échanges d'informations avec celui-ci, dans le but d'exécuter le contrat susmentionné (par ex., concernant le type et/ou les caractéristiques des produits). De la même façon, le Titulaire est tenu de réaliser les obligations légales liées au contrat.
La fourniture/autorisation DAINESE des Données Personnelles pour les finalités de marketing est toujours facultative et liée aux processus d'enregistrement de l'Utilisateur sur le site, et l'absence de fourniture, ainsi que l'absence d'autorisation au traitement pour les Finalités de marketing, n'a aucune conséquence sur le processus d'achat, et entraîne uniquement l'impossibilité de finaliser l'enregistrement et de bénéficier par la suite des services tels que la newsletter, les offres généralisées ou personnalisées, et l'accès à des espaces promotionnels réservés, utilisés pour le déroulement des activités de marketing direct. Nous vous informerons à chaque fois précisément du caractère obligatoire ou facultatif de la communication des Données Personnelles à DAINESE et les conséquences éventuelles en cas de non-fourniture.
6. À qui communique-t-on vos Données Personnelles
Les Données Personnelles pourront être mises à disposition de sociétés tierces qui réalisent des services spécifiques pour le compte de DAINESE, en qualité de responsables du traitement, ou bien communiquer à d'autres tiers qui traitent les données de façon autonome, uniquement dans le but de permettre la conclusion et/ou l'exécution du contrat d'achat de produits sur le site, et uniquement lorsque cette finalité est compatible avec les fins pour lesquelles les Données Personnelles ont été recueillies et successivement traitées et, quoi qu'il arrive, conformément à la loi.
Plus précisément, DAINESE fait appel à des fournisseurs qui garantissent le service après-vente, tel que décrit en détail dans les conditions de vente du site, consultables au lien suivant. DAINESE fait également appel à des coursiers et des transporteurs pour l'exécution de la phase d'expédition (UPS, DHL, etc.) qui traiteront les Données Personnelles des Utilisateurs dans le seul but d'exécuter la charge qui leur a été confiée.
Les données peuvent être également communiquées à : 1) des établissements bancaires, des établissements de monnaie électronique ou à d'autres individus autorisés pour l'exécution des services de paiement électronique à distance, au moyen d'une carte de crédit ou par le biais de fonctionnalités mises à disposition au moyen d'appareils mobiles) ; 2) sociétés d'assurance (pour la couverture des livraisons par des assurances) ; 3) sociétés de recouvrement de crédit, assurance et/ou de cession de crédits (en cas de non exécution des obligations contractuelles de l'Utilisateur envers DAINESE) ; 4) sociétés d'informations commerciales (en cas de contentieux avec Utilisateur) ; 5) autres sociétés, organismes et/ou personnes physiques réalisant des activités d'exploitation, de support ou fonctionnelles relatives à l'exécution des contrats ou des services demandés par la S.V. (ex. sociétés en charge de la gestion de sites Internet, sociétés proposant des services d'entretien et d'assistance relative aux bases de données des Titulaires).
Les Données Personnelles sont communiquées à certains autres responsables extérieurs au traitement tels que notamment, des experts-comptables, des avocats et des cabinets d'avocats, des cabinets d'audit et/ou des commissaires aux comptes, des organismes de surveillance liés au modèle organisationnel adopté par DANIESE conformément au D.Lég. 231/2001 afin de prévenir tout risque d'infractions ; le tout dans le but de permettre à ces responsables de réaliser, à différents titres, les activités nécessaires pour garantir le respect des obligations légales relatives à la vente de biens et de services par le biais du Site.
Pour les Finalités de Marketing, DAINESE communique également les Données Personnelles à des sociétés tierces responsables extérieures du traitement : agences de marketing et de publicité, sociétés de services d'hébergement, sociétés de développement et de gestion de sites Internet, sociétés de marketing Internet, fournisseurs de services de communication électronique et ICT ;  partenaires commerciaux tiers - exerçant même des activités dans des secteurs de production autres que dans le commerce sur Internet, comme par exemple dans le secteur automobile - avec lesquels DAINESE mène des actions de co-marketing et de gestion d'événements.  DAINESE partage également  certaines données (nom, prénom, e-mail) avec des plates-formes tierces de réseaux sociaux (ex. Facebook, Google) qui les utilisent uniquement dans le but d'identifier d'autres personnes semblables à l'Utilisateur et qui pourraient être intéressées par les services et/ou les produits de DAINESE, de façon à les promouvoir par le biais des plates-formes de réseaux sociaux.
En cas d'incident engageant la responsabilité civile produit de DAINESE, les Données Personnelles peuvent être communiquées à des tiers en charge la gestion de l'incident en question (ex. à des cabinets d'avocats, mais également à des cabinets d'ingénieurs, des sociétés d'assurance le contrat gérant le contrat d'assurance relatif souscrit en relation avec l'incident).
Les responsables extérieurs du traitement des Données Personnelles susmentionnés, ont été désignés par DAINESE car ils ont démontré être en possession de l'expérience, des capacités et de la fiabilité adaptées pour garantir le respect total des dispositions en vigueur en la matière, ainsi que des profils appropriés pour garantir la sécurité des données. Les responsables effectuent le traitement selon les instructions du Titulaire qui les a nommés, lequel vérifie périodiquement que les responsables en question ont effectué ponctuellement les tâches qui leur ont été confiées, et qu'ils continuent à fournir des garanties contractuelles et légales adaptées en matière de protection des Données Personnelles.
Vous pourrez à tout moment obtenir une liste à jour des responsables extérieurs et des titulaires autonomes du traitement en écrivant à l'adresse suivante : privacy@dainese.com.
Données de l'Utilisateur relatives à l'enregistrement sur le site
Les Données Personnelles ne seront en aucun cas communiquées, cédées ou transférées à d'autres individus tiers, sans information et autorisation préalables des Utilisateurs, conformément aux exigences légales en la matière.
En cas de cession à des tiers de l'entreprise ou d'une branche de l'entreprise dont fait partie le site, les Données Personnelles de l'Utilisateur seront automatiquement cédées à l'acheteur. En cas de cession à des tiers participant au contrôle dans le capital social de DAINESE, les Données Personnelles pourront être communiquées au/x acheteur/s.
Les Données Personnelles ne seront pas diffusées, et ne seront donc pas mises à disposition d'un nombre incontrôlé d'individus tiers.
7. Modalités de collecte des Données Personnelles sur le site
DAINESE collecte directement les Données Personnelles et autres informations auprès des Utilisateurs dans le cadre des processus de gestion sur le Site (achat de produits sur le Site pour la conclusion de transactions de commerce électronique/compilation des modules d'enregistrement Utilisateur sur le Site pour les finalités de marketing de DAINESE), ou en utilisant d'autres moyens (par exemple, collecte en format papier ou au moyen d'outils informatiques dans les magasins, les événements, les foires).
En particulier, au cours de la réalisation des Finalités Commerciales, dans le cadre des processus d'achat des produits et des services sur le site, DAINESE collecte les Données Personnelles (comme par exemple, les données d'État civil, l'adresse de messagerie électronique, l'adresse postale, les coordonnées de carte de crédit, les coordonnées bancaires, les références d'outils et les codes de paiement au moyen d'appareils mobiles, le numéro de téléphone) au moyen du module de commande pour la vente des produits sur le Site.
8. Mesures de sécurité
DAINESE adopte des mesures de sécurité adaptées pour réduire au minimum les risques de destruction ou de perte, même accidentelle, des Données Personnelles, d'accès non autorisé ou de traitement non permis ou non conforme aux finalités de collecte indiquées dans la présente Politique de Confidentialité.
Ces mesures incluent par exemple, l'utilisation d'identifiants d'authentification (id-user password) pour les personnes mandatées par DAINESE pour accéder aux données, la configuration de profils d'autorisation visant à limiter l'accès uniquement à des organismes juridiques et des personnes physiques préalablement autorisés, la révision périodique de ces profils d'autorisation, l'utilisation de procédures de secours et de récupération, de logiciels antivirus au niveau des serveurs et des clients, mis à jour quotidiennement, et de firewall  et de logiciels anti-intrusion. Les archives e-mail sont protégées par un logiciel antivirus et antispam. De plus, le Site est basé sur une technologie HTTPS, proposant un protocole pour une communication sécurisée à travers un réseau d'ordinateurs utilisés sur Internet. HTTPS est une communication réalisée par le biais du protocole HTTP (HyperText Transfer Protocol) à l'intérieur d'une connexion cryptée par le Transport Layer Security (TLS) ou par son prédécesseur, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). La technologie HTTPS est basée sur les principes suivants : i) obtenir une authentification du Site Internet visité, ii) bénéficier d'une protection de la confidentialité, iii) garantir l'intégrité des données échangées entre les parties communicantes. Le système d'envoi de newsletter est également protégé par un logiciel antispam et antivirus. Les données sont contenues dans des archives qui font quotidiennement l'objet de sauvegardes sur des supports conservés dans des locaux protégés.
Afin de garantir une meilleure protection de vos Données Personnelles, outre le contrôle et la gestion assurés par DAINESE, nous vous recommandons de vérifier que l'ordinateur utilisé est équipé de dispositifs logiciels adaptés pour la protection de la transmission de données en réseau, aussi bien en entrée qu'en sortie (tels que des systèmes antivirus mis à jour), et que le fournisseur de services Internet choisi, a adopté des mesures adaptées pour sécuriser la transmission de données en réseau (comme par exemple, des firewall ou des filtres antispam).
9. Traitements obligatoires
Nous vous informons que DAINESE pourra traiter les Données Personnelles, même en l'absence d'autorisation, dans certains cas prévus par la loi, comme par exemple, lorsque le traitement est nécessaire pour exécuter le contrat avec l'Utilisateur ou réaliser une obligation légale.
Par exemple, les Données Personnelles pourront être communiquées à des forces de police ou aux autorités judiciaires, conformément à la loi et après une demande formelle préalable de leur part, dans le cadre de services antifraude, ou également en l'absence de demande spécifique, pour la réalisation d'obligations fiscales (ex. Agenzia delle Entrate).
10. Les droits des intéressés
Nous informons l'intéressé que celui-ci aura droit de :
- demander au Titulaire la confirmation d'un traitement en cours de Données Personnelles le concernant et dans un tel cas, d'obtenir l'accès aux Données Personnelles et aux informations suivantes : a) les finalités du traitement ; b) les catégories de Données Personnelles en question ; c) les destinataires ou les catégories de destinataires auxquelles les Données Personnelles ont été ou seront communiquées, notamment s'il s'agit de destinataires de pays tiers ou d'organisations internationales ; d) lorsque cela est possible, la période de conservation des Données Personnelles prévue ou bien, en cas d'impossibilité, les critères utilisés pour déterminer cette période ; e) l'existence du droit de l'intéressé à demander au titulaire du traitement, la rectification ou la suppression des Données Personnelles, ou la limitation du traitement des Données Personnelles qui le concernent, ou à s'opposer à leur traitement ; f) le droit d'introduire une réclamation auprès d'une autorité de contrôle ; g) en cas de données non recueillies auprès de l'intéressé, toutes les informations disponibles sur leur origine ; h) l'existence d'un processus décisionnaire automatisé, y compris le profilage et, tout du moins dans ces cas, des informations significatives sur la logique utilisée, ainsi que l'importance et les conséquences prévues de ce traitement pour l'intéressé.
- en cas de transfert des Données Personnelles à un pays tiers ou à une organisation internationale, l'intéressé a le droit d'être informé de l'existence de garanties adaptées relatives au transfert ;
- d'exiger, et d'obtenir sans retard injustifié, la rectification des données inexactes ; en tenant compte des finalités du traitement, l'intégration des Données Personnelles incomplètes, même en fournissant une déclaration d'intégration ;
- demander la suppression des données si a) les Données Personnelles ne sont plus nécessaires aux finalités pour lesquelles elles ont été recueillies ou bien traitées ; b) l'intéressé annule l'autorisation sur laquelle le traitement se base et qu'il ne reste plus aucun fondement juridique pour le traitement ; c) l'intéressé s'oppose au traitement, et s'il ne reste plus aucun motif légitime prévalant pour procéder au traitement, ou bien s'il s'oppose au traitement effectué pour des finalités de marketing direct (comprenant le profilage utilisé pour ce marketing direct) ; e) les Données Personnelles doivent être supprimées pour exécuter une obligation légale prévue par le droit de l'Union Européenne ou de l'État membre, à laquelle est soumis le titulaire du traitement ; f) les Données Personnelles ont été recueillies relativement à l'offre de services de la société de l'information. Suppression de la base de données de DAINESE
- demander la limitation de traitement qui concerne l'intéressé, lorsque survient l'une des hypothèses suivantes : a) l'intéressé conteste l'exactitude des Données Personnelles, pendant la période nécessaire au titulaire du traitement pour vérifier l'exactitude de ces Données Personnelles ; b) le traitement est illicite et l'intéressé s'oppose à la suppression des Données Personnelles et demande en revanche la limitation de leur utilisation ; c) bien que le titulaire du traitement n'en ait pas besoin aux fins du traitement, les Données Personnelles sont nécessaires à l'intéressé pour la vérification, l'exercice ou la défense d'un droit devant les tribunaux ; d) l'intéressé s'est opposé au traitement effectué pour des finalités de marketing direct, dans l'attente de la vérification concernant la prévalence éventuelle des motifs légitimes du titulaire de traitement par rapport à ceux de l'intéressé ;
- obtenir sur demande, par le titulaire de traitement, la communication des destinataires tiers auxquels les Données Personnelles ont été transmises ;
- annuler à tout moment l'autorisation de traitement de ses Données Personnelles, préalablement communiquée pour une ou plusieurs finalités spécifiques, étant entendu que cela ne portera pas préjudice à la légalité du traitement basé sur l'autorisation fournie avant l'annulation.
En particulier, pour annuler l'autorisation précédemment fournie à DAINESE, l'intéressé peut envoyer une demande spécifique de la façon suivante : i) en suivant les instructions de suppression indiquées en bas de chaque message e-mail, ou bien ii) en envoyant un e-mail à privacy@dainese.com contenant la demande.
- recevoir dans un format structuré, d'utilisation commune et lisible par un dispositif automatique, les Données Personnelles concernant l'intéressé qu'il a fourni au titulaire du traitement et, si cela est techniquement réalisable, transmettre ces données directement à un autre titulaire du traitement, sans aucun obstacle de la part du titulaire fournissant les données, en cas de présence de la condition suivante (cumulative) : a) le traitement se base sur l'autorisation de l'intéressé pour une ou plusieurs finalités spécifiques, ou sur un contrat souscrit avec l'intéressé et pour lequel le traitement des données est nécessaire pour son exécution ; et b) le traitement est effectué à l'aide de moyens automatisés (logiciels) (droit globale dit à la "portabilité"). L'exercice du droit dit à la portabilité ne porte pas atteinte au droit à la suppression prévue ci-dessus ;
- l'intéressé a le droit de ne pas être soumis à une décision basée uniquement sur le traitement automatisé, y compris le profilage, entraînant des conséquences juridiques le concernant ou ayant une incidence significative sur sa personne, de façon similaire.
- l'intéressé peut également et à tout moment, introduire une réclamation à l'Autorité de contrôle compétente conformément au GDPR (à l'autorité de son lieu de résidence ou de domicile).
Modalités d'exercice des droits
Vous pouvez exercer vos droits susmentionnés, et obtenir une liste des responsables et des titulaires tiers autonomes auxquels les données ont été communiquées par DAINESE, en envoyant un e-mail à privacy@dainese.com ou en écrivant à l'adresse postale de DAINESE S.p.A., Via Louvigny n. 35 – 36064 – Colceresa (VI), Italie.
11. Titulaire du traitement. Contacts
Le responsable du traitement des données personnelles des utilisateurs est DAINESE S.p.A. dont le siège social est situé Via Louvigny n. 35 - 36064 - Colceresa (VI) - Italie, code fiscal et numéro de TVA 03924090248.
Afin de contrôler le respect du GDPR et des lois applicables au traitement des données personnelles par Dainese, Dainese a désigné un tiers indépendant comme Délégué à la protection des données: M. Luca De Muri, domicilié pour le bureau au siège social et joignable à l'adresse électronique privacy@dainese.com. Si vous souhaitez recevoir plus d'informations concernant les modalités de traitement des Données Personnelles par DAINESE, écrivez à : privacy@dainese.com ou adresse du siège légal de DAINESE.
Pour connaître vos droits et être informés sur la norme en matière de protection des personnes relativement au traitement des Données Personnelles, nous vous suggérons de consulter le Site Internet du Garant pour la Protection de la vie privée www.garanteprivacy.it.
12. Loi applicable
Cette Politique de Confidentialité est réglementée par la loi communautaire (GDPR) et italienne, et notamment, par le Code de la Confidentialité.
13. Modifications et mises à jour de la Politique de Confidentialité
DAINESE pourra, à tout moment, modifier ou simplement mettre à jour, partiellement ou totalement, la Politique de Confidentialité, en considérant également la modification des normes de loi ou de règlement qui protègent vos droits. Vous trouverez en bas du document ci-présent, l'indication de la dernière version de la Politique de Confidentialité, qui s'applique au traitement des Données Personnelles à compter de la date précisée dans celle-ci. Les modifications et les mises à jour de la Politique de Confidentialité du Site seront effectives dès leur publication sur le site, dans cette section. Les Utilisateurs recevront un mail les avertissant de toute modification apportée à la présente Politique de Confidentialité. Dans tous les cas, vous êtes tenus de consulter régulièrement cette section afin de vérifier la publication de la Politique de Confidentialité du Site la plus récente et la plus à jour.
Politique de Confidentialité ver1 07.05.2018
Einführung
Willkommen bei http://www.dainese.com (die "Webseite“). Wir bitten Sie, sorgfältig unsere Privacy Policy zu lesen, diese wird sowohl für dem Fall, dass Sie sich einfach nur dafür entscheiden, auf unsere Webseite zuzugreifen, sie zu durchsuchen und ihre Dienste zu nutzen, ohne ein Produkt zu kaufen, als auch für den Fall, dass Sie die angebotenen Produkte oder Dienstleistungen kaufen, angewendet.
Dieselbe Privacy Policy, sofern nicht anders angegeben, wird auch in dem Fall angewendet, wenn die Daten mit anderen Instrumenten gesammelt werden, als die Webseite.
Mit dem Gebrauch der Webseite akzeptieren Sie auch die in der Privacy Policy und im Informationsblatt am unteren Rand der Privacy Policy beschriebenen Bedingungen.
Wenn Sie einige der in der Datenschutzerklärung aufgeführten Bedingungen nicht teilen, bitten wir Sie, die Webseite nicht zu nutzen.
Die Verarbeitung der personenbezogener Daten von Nutzern und Verbrauchern (von jetzt an kollektiv „Nutzer“) wird in Übereinstimmung mit den geltenden europäischen Rechtsvorschriften durchgeführt (DSGVO - EU-Datenschutzverordnung 679/2016 und E-Datenschutzverordnung) und dem  Code zum Schutz personenbezogener Daten (von jetzt an „Datenschutzcode“: Gesetzesdekret 30. Juni 2003, Nr. 196 und nach der Aufhebung derselben, die entsprechenden italienischen Ersatzvorschriften), welche die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten regelt: i) im Rahmen der Tätigkeiten eines Betriebs durch einen Inhaber der Verarbeitung oder durch einen Verantwortlichen der Verarbeitung in der Union, unabhängig davon, ob die Verarbeitung in der Union erfolgt oder nicht. 04.05.2016 Gesetz Nr. 119/32 Amtsblatt der Europäischen Union DE; und ii) zur Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten von betroffenen Personen, die sich in der Union befinden, die von dem Inhaber der Verarbeitung oder von einem Verantwortlichen zur Verarbeitung durchgeführt werden, der nicht in der Union niedergelassen sind, wenn die Aktivitäten der Verarbeitung betreffen: a) die Lieferung von Waren oder die Erbringung von  Dienstleistungen an die genannten interessierten Parteien in der Union, unabhängig von der Pflicht einer Zahlung durch die betroffene Partei; oder b) die Überwachung ihres Verhaltens in dem Maße, in dem dieses Verhalten in der Union stattfindet.
Die Verarbeitung erfolgt unter Beachtung der Grundrechte und der Grundfreiheiten, sowie der Würde der Betroffenen, insbesondere im Hinblick auf die Privatsphäre, die persönliche Identität und das Recht auf Schutz personenbezogener Daten.
1. Die Privacy
DAINESE S.p.A. (von jetzt an „DAINESE“) respektiert das Recht seiner Nutzer, über die Sammlung und andere Verarbeitungen ihrer persönlichen Daten informiert zu werden.
Bei der Verarbeitung von Daten, die Ihre Person direkt oder indirekt identifizieren können, respektieren wir das Prinzip der strikten Notwendigkeit, indem wir die Webseite so konfigurieren, dass die Verwendung personenbezogener Daten auf das mindeste reduziert wird und die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten ausgeschlossen wird, wenn die im Einzelfall verfolgten Zwecke auch durch die Verwendung anonymer Daten erreicht werden können (wie zum Beispiel in der Marktforschung, die darauf abzielt, Dienstleistungen zu verbessern, die Analyse von Seiten und Inhalten, die am meisten besucht oder angeklickt wurden, die Herkunft von Nutzern von anderen Seiten oder Online-Kanälen) oder mit anderen Mitteln, die es ermöglichen den Betroffenen, nur im Bedarfsfall oder auf Ersuchen der Behörden und der Polizei zu identifizieren (zum Beispiel für Daten in Bezug auf den Verkehr und die Dauerhaftigkeit der Webseite oder Ihrer IP-Adresse).
2. Art der Daten
Durch die Webformulare, die auf den Webseiten zur Verfügung stehen, erfragen wir niemals "bestimmte" persönliche (personenbezogene Daten, die geeignet sind, rassische und ethnische Herkunft, religiöse, philosophische oder andere Überzeugungen, politische Meinungen, Zugehörigkeit zu Parteien, Gewerkschaften, Vereinigungen oder religiöser, philosophischer, politischer oder gewerkschaftlicher Organisationen oder Organisationen, sowie personenbezogene Daten, die geeignet sind, den Gesundheitszustand und die sexuelle Orientierung zu ermitteln) oder "gerichtliche" (Daten über das Strafregister oder über den Status als Angeklagter oder Verdächtiger usw.) Daten.
Die Daten, mit denen wir uns befassen, können aus drei allgemeinen Kategorien bestehen: i) Navigationsdaten, ii) Daten, die von der interessierten Partei aktiv zur Verfügung gestellt werden, iii)  Daten, die von Dritten und insbesondere im Internet über die HubSpot sw gesammelt werden (diesbetreffend sehen Sie weiter unten).
i) Navigationsdaten
Die Computersysteme und Softwareprozeduren, die verwendet werden, um die Webseite zu betreiben, erwerben während ihres normalen Betriebs einige persönliche Daten, deren Übertragung implizit bei der Verwendung von Internet-Kommunikationsprotokollen erfolgt. Es handelt sich um Informationen, die nicht gesammelt werden, um mit identifizierten interessierten Parteien in Verbindung gebracht zu werden, sondern die aufgrund ihrer Beschaffenheit durch die Verarbeitung und Verknüpfung mit Daten von Dritten die Identifizierung von Nutzern ermöglichen. Zu dieser Datenkategorie gehören IP - Adressen oder Domänennamen der Computer, die von Nutzern verwendet werden, die mit der Webseite verbunden sind, die Adressen in der URI - Notation (Uniform Resource Identifier) der angeforderten Ressourcen, der Zeitpunkt der Anforderung, die Methode zum Übermitteln der Anforderung an den Server, die Dateigröße, die als Antwort erhalten wird, wobei der numerische Code den Status der vom Server gegebenen Antwort (Erfolg, Fehler usw.) angibt, das Ursprungsland und andere Parameter in Bezug auf das Betriebssystem und die Computerumgebung der Nutzer (zum Beispiel die Eigenschaften des Browsers und des vom Besucher verwendeten Betriebssystems, die Art des Geräts, mit dem auf das Internet zugegriffen wird, die verschiedenen zeitlichen Konnotationen des Besuchs) zum Beispiel die Zeit, die auf jeder Seite verbracht wurde, und die Einzelheiten der Reiseroute, die auf den Seiten der Webseite verfolgt wurden, mit besonderem Bezug auf die Reihenfolge der konsultierten Seiten. Die so genannten Systemprotokolle fallen ebenfalls in diese Kategorie, d.h. Dateien, die die Interaktionen zwischen dem Nutzer und der Webseite aufzeichnen. Diese Daten werden verwendet, um den Zugriff auf die Webseite und die darin enthaltenen Dienste zu verwalten, um anonyme statistische Informationen über die Nutzung der Webseite zu erhalten, um die Funktionalität der Webseite technisch zu ermöglichen und um seine korrekte Funktion zu überprüfen und die Pflege der relativen Datenbank zu garantieren. In diesen Fällen erlauben die Daten der Navigation nicht, die betroffenen Nutzer zu identifizieren und werden sofort nach Verarbeitung in anonymer Form gelöscht. Die Navigationsdaten können auch verwendet werden, um die Verantwortlichkeit im Falle von Straftaten oder anderen rechtswidrigen Handlungen zu ermitteln, die von der betroffenen Person auf Kosten der Webseite und / oder von Dritten über die Webseite begangen werden.
ii) Vom Nutzer gelieferte Daten
Die freiwillig vom Nutzer gelieferten Daten, die über die Webseite und auf andere Weise gesammelt werden, beziehen sich auf zwei unterschiedliche allgemeine Datenbanken:
- “B2B” (in Bezug auf Einzelhändler, Händler, Vertreter der Gesellschaft);
- “B2C” (über natürliche Personen, die Endnutzer von Produkten und Dienstleistungen des Unternehmens).
Sie verstehen sich als solche:
die Informationen, die die Nutzer fakultativ und freiwillig an die auf der Webseite angegebenen Adressen senden (zum Beispiel E-Mail-Adresse, Betreff der E-Mail, Name oder Firmenname, Vor- und Nachname usw., Anschrift des Sitzes, Wohnsitz oder Domizil (Postleitzahl, Stadt, Provinz), Festnetz- oder Mobiltelefonnummer, Land, Kontaktsprache usw.);
die persönlichen Daten, die von den Nutzern zur Nutzung der auf der Webseite zugänglichen Dienste oder zur Teilnahme an Initiativen über die Webseite oder auf andere Weise (zum Beispiel Daten betreffend der Käufe durch die interessierte Partei, welche Produktart, Datum und Kaufpreis, Modell und Seriennummer des Produktes, Händler, wo der Kauf stattfand) mitgeteilt wurden;
die persönliche Daten von Nutzern, die Anfragen nach Nachrichten, Informationsmaterial oder Newslettern senden;
die personenbezogene Daten von Nutzern, die Vorschläge für Bewerbungen ("Lebenslauf" usw.) über das Online-Formular "Karriere" senden;
personenbezogene Daten, die durch Produkte der Kategorie D-Air gesammelt werden, die in sich ein für den Betrieb des Produkts notwendiges GPS-System enthalten, das für eine begrenzte Zeit und nur auf dem Produkt Daten bezüglich seiner geographischen Lage aufzeichnet. Die Daten werden von Dainese nur im Falle der Lieferung des Produkts der Kategorie D-Air an Dainese oder an einen autorisierten Händler, zur Restaurierung des D-Air Sacks oder zur Reparatur oder zu Zwecken der Produktforschung und -entwicklung verarbeitet.
Wenn Sie spontan eine E-Mail an eine der auf unseren Webseiten angegebenen E-Mail-Adressen senden, erwerben wir die Absenderadresse und alle anderen persönlichen Daten, die Sie in der Nachricht und in den Anhängen eingetragen haben. Die E-Mail-Adressen, die den auf unseren Webseiten und in jeder anderen DAINESE-E-Mail-Box angegebenen Adressen entsprechen, haben keine persönliche Natur, auch wenn sie den Namen und / oder Nachnamen einer Person enthalten. Sie gehören der Unternehmensorganisation an und dienen in erster Linie dazu, die effektive Durchführung der Arbeitsaktivitäten innerhalb der DAINESE-Konzerngesellschaften zu ermöglichen. Dies bedeutet, dass Nachrichten, die an die DAINESE-Gruppenpostfächer gesendet werden, nicht nur dem Empfänger bekannt sein können, sondern auch anderen Personen, die Teil der Organisation sind. Indem Sie E-Mails an die anderen E-Mail-Adressen senden, die auf unseren Webseiten angegeben sind, erklären Sie, dass Sie die in dieser Richtlinie enthaltenen Konditionen der  Verarbeitung gelesen und akzeptiert haben.
iii) Bei Dritten gesammelte Daten
DAINESE verwendet den sw HubSpot, der es ermöglicht, die E-Mail-Adresse des B2C-Nutzers mit weiteren Informationen der interessierten Partei zu verknüpfen, die diese Software automatisch im Internet abruft und die mit der E-Mail verknüpft sind, um für die Profilierungs- und Marketingzwecke ein Basisprofil der betroffenen Person zu erstellen.
3. Wer behandelt Ihre persönlichen Daten, wie und für welchen Zweck?
DAINESE ist der einzige und autonome Datenverantwortliche für personenbezogene Daten von Nutzern ("personenbezogene Daten"), sowohl in Bezug auf die Verwaltung, den Abschluss und die Durchführung von Geschäftstransaktionen, in Bezug auf den Verkauf von Produkten und Dienstleistungen über die Webseite oder über die physischen Geschäfte von Eigentum von Dainese, sowie den Kundendienst  (die "Kommerzielle Finalität"), als auch in Bezug auf die Direktmarketing-Aktivitäten (einschließlich funktionaler Profilerstellung für Direktmarketing-Aktivitäten), die über die Funktionalitäten der Webseite und / oder über andere Kanäle ausgeführt werden (zum Beispiel Senden von Newslettern, SMS und E-Mails, die sich auf die DAINESE-Welt, auf die Produkte und Dienstleistungen derselben beziehen, Telefonate  mit Betreibern von sozialen Netzwerken, mobile Mitteilungen von verallgemeinerten und / oder angepassten Werbe- und Reklamebotschaften in Bezug auf Verbrauchergewohnheiten und / oder andere vom Nutzer geäußerte Präferenzen und Interessen) (die "Marketingzwecke") abhängig von dem Einverständnis, das von der interessierten Partei verliehen wird, wie unten besser angegeben wird.
Für kommerzielle Zwecke werden personenbezogene Daten verarbeitet, um 1) vorvertragliche Bedürfnisse zu erfüllen (zum Beispiel Anleitungen zum Angebot oder Ihre Aufträge, Bonitätsprüfungen); 2)  vertragliche (die mit der Lieferung oder den Kauf von Waren und / oder Dienstleistungen verbunden sind) und rechtliche (zum Beispiel Buchhaltung, Steuerformalitäten, Verwaltung, Buchhaltung und Finanzverwaltung) Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen; 4) Verwaltung von Kunden und Lieferanten; 5) Verwaltung von Kreditlinien und Risikokontrolle (Betrug, Insolvenz usw.); 6) Verwaltung von Rechtsstreitigkeiten und Abtretungs- und Kreditversicherungen; 7) Finanzdienstleistungen für die Verwaltung von Kunden / Lieferanten und die Verwaltung elektronischer Zahlungsinstrumente; 8) Versicherungsdienstleistungen für die Kunden- / Lieferantenverwaltung.
Die personenbezogene Daten werden nur von speziell von DAINESE ausgewählten und autorisierten Verarbeitern verarbeitet und von DAINESE kontrolliert, um unbefugten Zugriff auf Daten oder rechtswidrige Verarbeitungsprozesse durch Dritte zu verhindern und im allgemeinen, um Sicherheitsrisiken der personenbezogenen Daten zu verhindern.  Die Kategorien von Personen, die zur Verarbeitung zugelassen sind, sind die, die zu den Büros der Verwaltung, des Marketings, des Handels, des Kundendienstes, der Beschwerdestellen und den Rechts- und ICT-Büros gehören.
Die personenbezogene Daten werden hauptsächlich elektronisch und teilweise auch in Papierform verarbeitet.
Die Logik und die Formen der Organisation der Verarbeitung werden sich strikt auf die oben angegebenen einzelnen Zwecke beziehen. Um sicherzustellen, dass die personenbezogene Daten immer korrekt und auf dem neuesten, relevanten und vollständigen Stand sind, bitten wir Sie, uns jede eingetretene Änderung an die folgenden E-Mail-Adresse zu schicken: privacy@dainese.com.
Die Daten werden im Informationssystem Custom Relationship Management (CRM) von DAINESE verarbeitet, dass sich der Verarbeitung  von Kunden, Lieferanten und anderen Kontakten widmet.
Dieses CRM basiert auf einigen von DAINESE abonnierten Cloud-Diensten, die von Drittanbietern bereitgestellt werden (Firma SugarCRM Inc. mit Sitz in den USA, mit EU- oder Nicht-EU-Servern, HubSpot Inc. mit Sitz in den USA, deren Server in der EU oder in anderen Nicht-EU-Ländern platziert werden können (Siehe Abschnitt "Datentransfer ins Ausland", der folgt).
Für die Datenschutzerklärung des dritten Anbieters SugarCRM INC. siehe die URL: https://www.sugarcrm.com/legal/privacy-policy. Auch SugarCRM INC. ist ein amerikanisches Unternehmen, das bei der zuständigen US-Behörde basierend auf dem EU-US-Übereinkommen "Privacy Shield" registriert ist (sehen Sie https://www.sugarcrm.com/legal/privacy-shield-notice ). Für die Datenschutzerklärung des dritten Anbieters HubSpot INC. sehen Sie die URL: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy .
Für die Cookie-Richtlinie von HubSpot Inc. sehen Sie die URL: https://knowledge.hubspot.com/articles/kcs_article/account/hubspot-cookie-security-and-privacy . Auch HubSpotINC. ist ein amerikanisches Unternehmen, das bei der zuständigen US-Behörde basierend auf dem EU-US-Übereinkommen "Privacy Shield" registriert ist (sehen Sie https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TN8pAAG&status=Active ).
Software zur Verwaltung digitaler Assets, die von dieser Anwendung verwendet wird
Der Datencontroller verwendet eine Cloud-Software, die eine integrierte Digital Asset Management-Lösung ("DAM") bietet. Durch die Verwendung einer solchen Software ist der Datencontroller in der Lage, seine digitalen Ressourcen auf eine zentralisierte und daher effizientere Weise zu verwalten, während sie gleichzeitig auf mehreren Webmedienkanälen verfügbar und / oder veröffentlicht sind.
Die Software bietet auch Statistiken über die Nutzung der digitalen Ressourcen, die durch sie verwaltet werden. Die Software wird von THRON S.p.A. ("THRON") geliefert. THRON sammelt über die Software keine automatischen personenbezogenen Daten von Nutzern, die die von der Software verwalteten digitalen Ressourcen besuchen. Dennoch beinhaltet die Verwendung der Software die automatische Erfassung der folgenden Informationen des Nutzers: IP-Adresse, Betriebssystem und Art des Browsers, der vom Computer oder mobilen Gerät verwendet wird, die URL der Webseite, die der Nutzer vor und nach dem Zugriff auf die Dienste besucht hat, in die die technische Lösung von THRON integriert ist.
Für weitere Informationen wird der Nutzer gebeten, die Privacy Policy von THRON unter dem folgenden link zu besuchen
Inhalt der Verarbeitung
Unter Verarbeitung verstehen wir laut Gesetz verschiedene Arten von Vorgängen im Zusammenhang mit personenbezogenen Daten:
Sammlung (über die Webseite, per Telefon oder computergestützt oder schriftlich an die interessierte Partei oder an öffentliche Register, Verzeichnisse von Urkunden und Dokumenten und / oder öffentlichen und / oder privaten Datenbanken (zum Beispiel kommerzielle Informationsunternehmen oder für die Verarbeitung verantwortliche Dritte, die von den Inhabern delegiert wurden), Registrierung, Organisation, Speicherung und Verarbeitung auf Papier, magnetischen, automatisierten oder telematischen Medien, Verarbeitung von Daten, die von Dritten erfasst werden, Änderung, Auswahl, Extraktion, Vergleich, Nutzung, Zusammenschaltung auch zu Daten anderer Subjekte auf der Grundlage von qualitativen, quantitativen und zeitlichen Kriterien, wiederkehrend oder von Zeit zu Zeit definierbar, vorübergehende Verarbeitung, die auf eine schnelle Aggregation oder Transformation der Daten abzielt, Übernahme von Entscheidungen in automatisierter und / oder ermessener Form, Erstellung von Profilen und Informationen, Kommunikation, Löschung und Vernichtung von Daten oder Kombinationen von zwei oder mehr der oben genannten Vorgänge; darüber hinaus ist die eventuelle Pseudonymisierung personenbezogener Daten ebenfalls eine Verarbeitung.
Die auf die Marketing Finalität ausgerichtete Verarbeitung bringt auch die minimal erforderlichen Profilierungs-Aktivitäten mit sich, um Ihre Anfrage, die Newsletter und Werbematerialien Ihres spezifischen und / oder exklusiven Interesse zu erhalten, zielgerichtet zu erfüllen (und um somit die Werbeaktionen zu optimieren, insbesondere um zu vermeiden, das Inhalte verschickt werden, die von den tatsächlichen Interessen des Nutzers entfernt sind und um somit die Kundenzufriedenheit zu erhöhen).
Nach dem Gesetz ist es jedoch nicht erforderlich, die Zustimmung für die Zusendung von Werbe-E-Mails zu Produkten und Dienstleistungen zu sammeln, die denen ähneln, die Sie bereits auf der Webseite oder in Dainese-Shops erworben haben, es sei denn, Ihrer ausdrücklichen Weigerung, egal in welchem Moment, weitere Werbe-E-Mails zu erhalten.
Dauer der Verarbeitung
Die personenbezogene Daten werden in der Form gespeichert, das die Identifizierung des Nutzers für die Zeit ermöglicht, die für den Zweck, für den die Daten erhoben und anschließend verarbeitet wurden, unbedingt notwendig ist, und in jedem Fall im Rahmen der gesetzlichen Bestimmungen,  wie folgt.
Persönliche Navigationsdaten werden so lange verarbeitet, bis die Navigation und die technische Interaktion zwischen dem Nutzer und der Webseite gewährleistet sind; diese Zeit fällt mit der Dauer der einzelnen Navigationssitzung zusammen.
a) in der vorvertraglichen Phase für die Zeit, die erforderlich ist, um die von der Gesellschaft erhaltenen Anträge der interessierten Partei zu bearbeiten (zum Beispiel Öffnen eines Tickets für technische Unterstützung im Rahmen der Gewährleistung) und zum Nachverfolgen und Verwalten des erfolgreichen Abschlusses der Antworten des Unternehmens an die interessierte Partei; diese Dauer ist auf 24 Monate ab dem Zeitpunkt der Erfassung personenbezogener Daten begrenzt;b) in Bezug auf den Vertrag, der mit dem Interessenten abgeschlossen wurde, für die gesamte Dauer der vertraglichen Beziehungen mit dem Interessenten (insbesondere für die zweijährige ordentliche Garantie gemäß dem Verbraucherschutzgesetz oder);c) nach Beendigung des Vertragsverhältnisses mit der interessierten Person werden personenbezogene Daten verarbeitet, um alle rechtlichen Verpflichtungen im Zusammenhang mit der Beendigung des Vertrags zu erfüllen (insbesondere zum Nachweis der Erfüllung der steuerlichen und gesetzlichen Pflichten gegenüber den Kontrollbehörden (für 10 Jahre nach Beendigung des Vertrages).
Die personenbezogenen Daten werden zu Informatiksicherheitszwecken verarbeitet (zum Beispiel Registrierung, Speicherung, Analyse von Protokollen im Zusammenhang mit elektronischen und telematischen Ereignissen, die vom Nutzer durch Interaktion mit den Funktionen der Webseite aktiviert werden und / oder Versenden von E - Mails an DAINESE), die Konservierung erfolgt für die Zeit, die ausreicht, um die Durchführung angemessener Sicherheitskontrollen zu ermöglichen und die Ergebnisse zu bewerten (1 Jahr ab dem Zeitpunkt der Sammlung), oder im Falle erheblicher Anomalien für die erforderliche Zeit, um sie durch geeignete Lösungen abzuschließen.
Bei einem außergerichtlichen oder gerichtlichen Rechtsstreit mit der betroffenen Partei und / oder Dritten werden die Daten so lange verarbeitet, wie dies zur vollständigen Ausübung der Rechte des Inhabers (d.h. bis zu einer gerichtlichen oder außergerichtlichen Transaktion oder einer Bestimmung mit Urteilskraft,
die den Rechtsstreit erschöpft) notwendig ist.
Im Fall einer Verarbeitung zu Marketingzwecken ist die Dauer wie folgt:
Zweck der Profilerstellung, die Verarbeitung dauert so lange, wie es notwendig ist, um die Ergebnisse derselben zur Planung, Ausführung und Überprüfung der Wirksamkeit der Direktmarketingkampagnen auf der Grundlage dieser Profilierung   abzuschließen (1 Jahr);
zu Direktmarketingzwecken dauert die Verarbeitung normalerweise zwei Jahre, unbeschadet des Rechts der betroffenen Partei, die Zustimmung jederzeit im Voraus zu widerrufen.
Die Dauer der Aufbewahrung von Daten, die über Cookies gesammelt werden, wird im folgenden Abschnitt "Cookie-Richtlinien" erläutert.
Nach Ablauf der oben genannten Fristen verpflichtet sich DAINESE, die Löschung personenbezogener Daten aus den elektronischen Archiven vorzunehmen. Alternativ behalten sie sich das Recht vor, zu jeder Zeit eine Anonymisierung derselben vorzunehmen, auf die in diesem Fall das Datenschutzgesetz keine Anwendung mehr findet.
Ort der Verarbeitung
Die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten erfolgt hauptsächlich in Italien und in anderen Ländern, in denen Konzern angehörige Unternehmen der Dainese Gruppe ansässig sind. Die Verarbeitung kann teilweise im Ausland, innerhalb oder außerhalb der EU erfolgen, in dem Maß in dem seitens DAINESE eine Übertragung ihnen gegenüber erfolgt.
Die technische Verwaltung dieser Webseite und der Datenbank wird auch von Unternehmen außerhalb der Europäischen Union verwaltet; folglich wird das Personal dieser Firmen Zugang haben - nur im Falle von außergewöhnlichen Bedürfnissen, die mit dem technischen Betrieb des Standorts verbunden sind.
Personenbezogene Daten werden nur dann ins Ausland an Unternehmen der Dainese-Gruppe übertragen  (die Liste davon ist auf der Webseite verfügbar), wenn dies für die Ausübung der gewerblichen Zwecke erforderlich ist. Insbesondere sind dies Länder außerhalb der Europäischen Union, die einem angemessenen Schutzniveau entsprechen und die Feststellungen der Entscheidungen der EU-Kommission gewährleisten, oder in Ermangelung solcher spezifischer Entscheidungen, nur nach Abschluss zwischen DAINESE und den genannten Personen in Bezug auf die Marketingzwecke von spezifischen Verträgen, die angemessene Schutzklauseln für den Schutz der personenbezogenen Daten enthalten, in Übereinstimmung mit den geltenden Gesetzen und Vorschriften. Erfolgt die Übertragung außerhalb der EU aus anderen Gründen als zu Marketingzwecken, so ist auch hier die Rechtsgrundlage für die Übertragung in jedem Fall das berechtigte Interesse von DAINESE, die Ausführung eines Vertrages oder der Abschluss eines Vertrages, der von einer der beiden Parteien mit der betreffenden Person abgeschlossen wurde.
4. Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung
1) Erfüllung vorvertraglicher Anforderungen (z.B. Anweisung unserer Angebote oder Ihrer Bestellungen, Erfüllung Ihrer Anfragen auch für die Zusendung von Informationsmaterial, Preislisten usw.) und/oder Erfüllung vertraglicher Verpflichtungen (Lieferung oder Kauf von Waren und/oder Dienstleistungen, einschließlich der Verwaltung der Lieferverpflichtungen und der für sie funktionalen Logistik und des Transports); Rechtsgrundlage der Behandlung ist die Ausführung eines Vertrags, bei dem der Interessent Partei ist, oder die Ausführung vorvertraglicher Maßnahmen, die auf Wunsch desselben zu treffen oder zu verwalten sind;
2) Erfüllung gesetzlicher Verpflichtungen (z.B. Buchhaltung; Steuerformalitäten, administrative und buchhalterische Verwaltung usw.); die rechtliche Grundlage der Behandlung ist daher die Notwendigkeit, die oben genannten gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen;
3) Verwaltung von Kunden und Lieferanten für andere Aspekte als die unter 1-2 (interne Organisation von Aktivitäten, die für die aktive und passive Lieferung von Produkten und/oder Dienstleistungen funktional sind, z.B.: Prüfung der Solvenz, Verwaltung von Kreditlinien und Risikokontrolle - Betrug, Insolvenzen, usw.). -, Verwaltung von Rechtsstreitigkeiten und Überweisungen, Verwaltung von Finanz- und Versicherungsdienstleistungen, die für die Verwaltung von Lieferanten und die Verwaltung von elektronischen Zahlungsinstrumenten, Produktionsmanagement, Verwaltung von Telefonbüchern, statistische Verarbeitung); die rechtliche Grundlage der Verarbeitung ist unser berechtigtes Interesse, die Daten verarbeiten zu können, um die Beziehung zu unseren Kunden und/oder Lieferanten effektiv und effizient zu verwalten und die damit verbundenen internen und externen organisatorischen Prozesse zu steuern;
4) Bereitstellung von Dienstleistungen im Bereich der technischen Unterstützung, des Kundendienstes und der Verbesserung von Produkten der Kategorie D-Air zu Sicherheits-, Forschungs- und Entwicklungszwecken durch persönliche Daten, einschließlich der Standortdaten, die bei der Registrierung von Produkten der Kategorie D-Air und durch das Herunterladen von Daten über Produkte der Kategorie D-Air gesammelt wurden, im Falle der Lieferung des Produkts zur Taschenrestaurierung oder -reparatur an Dainese oder an einen autorisierten Händler; Die rechtliche Grundlage der Verarbeitung ist unser berechtigtes Interesse an der Kontaktaufnahme mit dem Käufer für Aktualisierungen/Mitteilungen/Rückrufe sowie zum Zwecke der Produktforschung und -entwicklung;
5) Direktmarketing, d.h. die Versendung von kommerziellen und verkaufsfördernden Mitteilungen und/oder das direkte Angebot von Waren und Dienstleistungen per E-Mail, SMS, Telefonanrufe, soziale Netzwerke und/oder Marktforschung; vom Gesetz her ist es nicht notwendig, eine Zustimmung zur Versendung von Werbe-E-Mails über Produkte und Dienstleistungen, die denen ähnlich sind, die bereits auf der Website oder in den Dainese Geschäften gekauft wurden, zu erhalten, da in diesem Fall die rechtliche Grundlage der Verarbeitung unser legitimes Interesse ist, unsere Tätigkeit bei denjenigen zu fördern, die uns bereits kennen; falls die E-Mails keine ähnlichen Produkte oder Dienstleistungen betreffen, ist die rechtliche Grundlage der Verarbeitung die Zustimmung der betreffenden Person;
6) Profiling; für Ihr Profiling verwenden wir die Daten (z.B. Vor- und Nachname, Wohnort, Herkunftsland, Festnetz- und Mobiltelefon, E-Mail-Adresse, Website, Art des gekauften oder verkauften Produkts/der Dienstleistung), die Sie uns bei der Nutzung einzelner Dienste freigeben. um den Newsletter anzufordern oder Einkäufe zu tätigen, oder wenn Sie sich im reservierten Bereich unserer Website registrieren) auch durch die Verknüpfung mit Daten über Ihre Navigation auf der Dainese Website und/oder die Nutzung der von der Website angebotenen Dienstleistungen (z.B. Cookies) oder Daten, die über andere Kommunikationskanäle (z.B. Social Media, mit denen Sie interagieren und die von unserer Website aus verlinkt sind) gesammelt werden.
Wir verarbeiten Daten, um sie zu analysieren, auch auf vorausschauende Weise, und/oder um Gruppen von Personen zu bilden, die nach Marktsegmenten auf der Grundlage eines minimalen Satzes von Elementen (z.B. Herkunftsland und/oder geographisches Gebiet, Präferenzen in Bezug auf unsere Produktkategorien, Entscheidungen in Bezug auf den Kauf unserer Produkte und insbesondere alle versäumten Käufe unserer Produkte, die in den Einkaufswagen unserer Website gelegt werden, die durch die Funktionalität derselben erkannt werden: in diesem Fall beziehen wir uns auf das "Basis"-Profil), bis hin zu fortgeschritteneren Profilen, die auf Alter, Geschlecht, Online-Verhalten (außer versäumten Käufen unserer Produkte) und früheren Käufen (Häufigkeit, Artikel, Preise: in diesem Fall beziehen wir uns auf das "Fortgeschrittene"-Profil) basieren.
Diese Aktivität hat einen doppelten Zweck: Zum einen soll die Kundschaft als Gruppe und als Einzelperson besser verstanden werden, zum anderen soll die Wirksamkeit des Marketings analysiert werden, um Produkte, Dienstleistungen und Angebote entsprechend den Präferenzen unserer Zielgruppe zu entwickeln und zu aktualisieren.
Das Profiling zielt daher darauf ab, die von uns angebotenen Dienstleistungen und Waren auf die aktuelle und potenzielle Nachfrage abzustimmen, die Ergebnisse spezifischer Werbeaktionen zu messen, Korrekturmaßnahmen zur Verbesserung der Geschäftsergebnisse (z. B. durch die Verringerung des Risikos, Ressourcen in Bereiche zu investieren, die für die Zielgruppe marginal sind) und der Effektivität von Geschäftsprozessen (z. B. durch die Feststellung, wie viele Werbebotschaften und Inhalte, die wir Ihnen gesendet haben, Sie gesehen und angeklickt haben) zu ergreifen, das Versenden von Werbebotschaften, die nicht Ihren wahrscheinlichen Erwartungen und Bedürfnissen entsprechen, oder über unerwünschte Kanäle einzuschränken. Das bedeutet, dass wir nicht an alle Interessenten die gleichen Angebote schicken und wir können Ihnen Werbebotschaften so nah wie möglich an Ihren Geschmack, Ihre Interessen oder Vorlieben oder über die von Ihnen bevorzugten Kontaktmöglichkeiten schicken und so Ihr Einkaufserlebnis verbessern, sogar zu Ihrem eigenen Vorteil.
Wenn Sie die Erstellung eines Profils gestatten, werden wir die Daten darüber hinaus dazu verwenden, Dienstleistungen und Produkte in sozialen Medien bei anderen Personen zu bewerben, die ein ähnliches Profil wie Sie haben und die daher möglicherweise am meisten an unserem Angebot interessiert sind.
Das Profiling schließt Sie nicht von spezifischen Vorteilen oder der Möglichkeit aus, Ihre Rechte in Bezug auf die von uns verarbeiteten personenbezogenen Daten frei auszuüben; insbesondere berührt es nicht die Möglichkeit der betreffenden Person, unsere gewöhnlichen Dienstleistungen (z.B. Online-Voranmeldung, Kauf von Dienstleistungen) zu nutzen.
Die rechtliche Grundlage für das Profiling ist, was das BASIC-Profiling betrifft, unser berechtigtes Interesse an einem elementaren Profil, um Marketingaktionen auf die Themen zu beschränken, die für den Benutzer am interessantesten sind, sowie den Warenkorb dem Benutzer im Falle eines Nicht-Kaufs neu vorzuschlagen; was das Advanced-Profiling betrifft, ist die rechtliche Grundlage die vorherige Zustimmung, die Dainese vom Interessenten (oder von Dritten, falls die Daten nicht vom Interessenten erhoben werden) mitgeteilt wird.
Gilt die Zustimmung der betroffenen Person zur Verarbeitung zu Profilierung - und Direktmarketing-Zwecken auch für die Weitergabe von Daten an Dritte?
Die Übermittlung von Daten durch DAINESE an Dritte für Direktmarketingzwecke kann, je nach Fall, an die anderen Konzerngesellschaften oder an Dritte gerichtet sein, die im Rahmen derselben gemeinsamen Marketingaktivitäten und / oder innerhalb der gleichen Verarbeitung für Direktmarketingzwecke (zum Beispiel in Bezug auf Co-Branding-Marketinginitiativen) mit DAINESE zusammen arbeiten oder  sie sind vertraglich dazu verpflichtet, die kommerziellen Mitteilungen an die interessierte Partei zu übermitteln und / oder, die im Auftrag des Datenverwalters zu Marketingzwecken empfangenen Daten zu verarbeiten.
In den beiden oben genannten Fällen können die dritten Empfänger der Daten, die von DAINESE schriftlich als "externe Verantwortliche" der Verarbeitung bezeichnet werden, die Daten im Auftrag von DAINESE auf der Grundlage derselben spezifischen Marketing-Einwilligung (einschließlich der Weitergabe an Dritte für diese Zwecke), die bereits an DAINESE vergeben wurde, verarbeiten.
Auf der anderen Seite legitimiert die Zustimmung zu der Verarbeitung zu Marketingzwecken, die von der interessierten Partei zugunsten von DAINESE bereitgestellt wird, nicht automatisch die Mittteilung oder Übermittlung von Daten durch DAINESE an Dritte, die sie in ihrer Eigenschaft als Miteigentümer oder autonome Eigentümer behandeln (und zwar anders als das der externen Verantwortlichen) der Verarbeitung (in der Regel geschieht dies nur bei Drittparteien, die beabsichtigen, die Daten autonom zur Profilierung und / oder Direktmarketingzwecke zu nutzen): um mit dieser Mitteilung an Dritte fortfahren zu können, muss DAINESE eine weitere, gesonderte, zusätzliche, dokumentierte, ausdrückliche und fakultative Zustimmung der interessierten Partei einholen.
5. Was passiert, wenn Sie Ihre persönlichen Daten nicht an DAINESE weitergeben?
Die Bereitstellung von persönlichen Daten für kommerzielle Zwecke an DAINESE (insbesondere persönliche Daten, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihre Postanschrift, Ihre Kredit- / Debitkarte und Bankverbindung und Telefonnummer) ist in Bezug der Verfolgung der kommerziellen Zwecke notwendig. Eine eventuelle Weigerung, DAINESE bestimmte personenbezogene Daten mitzuteilen, die für solche Zwecke erforderlich sind, könnte es unmöglich machen, den Vertrag für den Kauf von Produkten und Dienstleistungen auf der Webseite abzuschließen und / oder auszuführen, oder auch rechtliche und regulatorische Verpflichtungen korrekt zu erfüllen. Die Angabe weiterer personenbezogener Daten, die sich von den obligatorischen unterscheiden, ist freiwillig und hat keinerlei Auswirkungen auf den Kauf von Produkten aus der Webseite und bedeutet im Allgemeinen keine Verpflichtung oder Nachteile für den Nutzer.
In Bezug auf die kommerziellen Zwecke, im Gegenteil ist eine vorherige Zustimmung zur Verarbeitung nicht notwendig, da diese Verarbeitung seitens DAINESE aus anderen Gründen rechtmäßig ist  (vor allem aufgrund des legitimen Interesses von DAINESE, das über die Interessen oder Rechte und Grundfreiheiten des Betroffenen überwiegt, um den Vertrag über den Verkauf von Produkten und Dienstleistungen zu vervollkommnen und – wie es notwendig ist - sicherzustellen, dass dieser nach Vertragsabschluss regulär ausgeführt wird ). Dieses berechtigte Interesse beinhaltet auch, dass auf Wunsch des Nutzers e Informationsaustäusche mit dem Nutzer betreffend des oben genannten Abschlusses stattfinden (zum Beispiel über die Art und / oder Eigenschaften der Produkte). Ebenso muss der Inhaber die rechtlichen Verpflichtungen im Zusammenhang mit dem Vertrag erfüllen.
Die Erteilung / Zustimmung zu Gunsten DAINESE für die Verwendung personenbezogene Daten für Marketingzwecke ist immer optional und steht im Zusammenhang mit dem Registrierungsprozess des Nutzers auf der Webseite und die Nichterteilung sowie die fehlende Zustimmung zu der Verarbeitung für die Marketingzwecke hat keine Auswirkungen auf den Kaufprozess, sondern verhindert nur den Abschluss der Registrierung und somit Nutzung der Dienste wie die Newsletter, allgemeine oder maßgeschneiderte Angebote und den Zugang zu reservierten Werbeflächen,  in denen die Direktmarketing-Aktivität begründet ist. Von Zeit zu Zeit informieren wir Sie ordnungsgemäß über die obligatorische oder fakultative Art der Übermittlung personenbezogener Daten an DAINESE und über eventuelle Konsequenzen im Falle der Nicht-Übertragung.
6. An wen übermitteln wir die personenbezogene Daten
Die personenbezogene Daten können an dritte Gesellschaften, die als Datenverarbeiter bestimmte Dienstleistungen im Auftrag von DAINESE ausführen zur Verfügung gestellt oder an andere Dritte, die die Daten unabhängig voneinander verarbeiten, weitergegeben werden und dies einzig und allein um den Abschluss und / oder die Ausführung des Vertrages für den Kauf von Produkten auf der Webseite zu ermöglichen und nur, wenn dieser Zweck nicht mit den Zwecken, für die die personenbezogenen Daten gesammelt und anschließend verarbeitet wurden, unvereinbar ist und in jedem Fall in Übereinstimmung mit dem Gesetz.
Insbesondere greift DAINESE auf Lieferanten zurück, die den Kundendienst garantieren, wie in den Verkaufsbedingungen der Webseite näher beschrieben ist, die unter dem folgendem Link eingesehen werden können. DAINESE nutzt für die Durchführung der Versandphase auch Frachtführer und Kurierdienste (UPS, DHL, usw.), die die persönlichen Daten der Nutzer mit dem alleinigen Zweck bearbeiten, die aufgetragene Aufgabe der Zustellung zu erfüllen.
Die Daten können außerdem mitgeteilt werden an: 1) Bankinstitute, E-Geld-Institute oder andere Bevollmächtigte für die Ausführung von elektronischen Fernzahlungsdiensten, mittels Kredit- / Debitkarte oder über mobile Geräte mit bereitgestellten Funktionalitäten, 2) Versicherungsgesellschaften (für Transportversicherungen; 3) Inkassogesellschaften, Versicherung und / oder Abtretung von Krediten (bei Nichterfüllung der vertraglichen Verpflichtungen seitens des Nutzers gegenüber DAINESE); 4) Wirtschaftsinformationsunternehmen (im Falle eines Rechtsstreits mit dem Nutzer) 5) andere Gesellschaften, Einrichtungen und/oder Personen, die instrumentelle Aktivitäten ausführen, zur Unterstützung oder funktionell zur Ausführung der von Ihnen geforderten Verträge oder Dienste (zum Beispiel  Unternehmen, die mit der Verwaltung der Webseite beauftragt sind, Unternehmen, die Wartung und Unterstützung in Bezug auf die Datenbank der Eigentümer bieten).
Personenbezogene Daten werden an einige andere externe Datenverarbeiter, insbesondere an Wirtschaftsprüfer, Rechtsanwälte und Anwaltskanzleien, Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaften und / oder Wirtschaftsprüfer, Aufsichtsgremien, die mit dem von DAINESE angewendeten Organisationsmodell gemäß dem Gesetzesdekret Nr. 231/2001 zusammen hängen und zur Verhinderung bestimmter Straftaten dienen, weitergeleitet. Dies im Hinblick der Durchführung, entsprechend den verschiedenen Funktionen, der notwendigen Aktivitäten, um die Einhaltung gesetzlicher Verpflichtungen im Zusammenhang mit dem Verkauf von Waren und Dienstleistungen über die Webseite sicherzustellen.
Für Marketingzwecke übermittelt DAINESE die persönlichen Daten auch an Drittfirmen, die für die externe Verarbeitung zuständig sind: Marketing- und Werbeagenturen, Unternehmen von Hosting-Diensten, Unternehmen für die Entwicklung und Verwaltung von Webseiten, Unternehmen von Web-Marketing, Anbieter von elektronischer Kommunikation und IKT-Dienstleistungen; externe Handelspartner - auch wenn sie in Produktionsbereichen tätig sind, die nicht im E-Shop enthalten sind, beispielsweise im Automobilbereich - mit denen DAINESE im  Co-Marketing oder Event-Management Aktionen aktiviert. DAINESE kann auch bestimmte Daten (Name, Vorname, E-Mail) mit dritten Social-Media-Plattformen (zum Beispiel Facebook, Google) teilen, die sie ausschließlich dazu verwenden, andere ähnliche Personen zu identifizieren, die an den Diensten und / oder Produkten von DAINESE interessiert sein könnten, um sie über die Social-Media-Plattformen bekannt zu machen.
Bei Unfällen, die die Produkthaftung von DAINESE mit einbeziehen,  können personenbezogene Daten an Dritte weitergegeben werden, die für die Verwaltung des betreffenden Anspruchs verantwortlich sind (zum Beispiel Anwaltskanzleien, aber auch Techniker, Versicherungsgesellschaften, die in Verbindung mit dem  Anspruch selbst  die entsprechende Versicherungspolice anbieten).
Die oben genannten externen Verarbeiter der personenbezogenen Daten wurden von DAINESE nominiert, weil sie nachweislich über Erfahrung, Fähigkeit und Zuverlässigkeit verfügen und eine angemessene Garantie für die vollständige Einhaltung der aktuellen Bestimmungen zu diesem Thema einschließlich des Datensicherheitsprofils bieten. Die Verantwortlichen führen die Verarbeitung der Daten entsprechend den Anweisungen des Inhabers, der sie ernannt hat und sie regelmäßig überprüft, dass sie die ihnen übertragenen Aufgaben pünktlich erfüllt haben und weiterhin angemessene vertragliche und rechtliche Garantien zum Schutz personenbezogener Daten bieten.
Sie können jederzeit eine aktualisierte Liste externer Verantwortlicher und der unabhängigen Inhaber der Verarbeitung erhalten, indem Sie an privacy@dainese.com schreiben.
Nutzerdaten in Bezug auf die Registrierung auf der Webseite
Die personenbezogenen Daten werden nicht weitergegeben, übertragen oder anderweitig an Dritte abgetreten, ohne dass die Nutzer im Voraus informiert werden und ohne die entsprechende Zustimmung, wenn dies gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist.
Im Falle einer Übertragung des Unternehmens an Dritte oder von Unternehmenszweigen, zu denen die Webseite gehört, werden die persönlichen Daten des Nutzers automatisch an den Käufer übertragen. Im Falle der Übertragung einer kontrollierten Beteiligung am Stammkapital von DAINESE an Dritte könnten personenbezogene Daten dem / den Käufer (n) offengelegt werden.
Die personenbezogene Daten werden nicht preisgegeben, d.h. einer unkontrollierten Anzahl von Dritten zur Verfügung gestellt.
7. Wie werden die personenbezogenen Daten auf der Webseite gesammelt
DAINESE sammelt personenbezogene Daten direkt von den Nutzern und andere Informationen im Rahmen der Prozesse, die auf der Webseite verwaltet werden (Kauf von Produkten auf der Webseite für den Abschluss von Transaktionen im elektronischen Handel / Ausfüllen von Nutzerregistrierungsformularen auf der Webseite für Marketingzwecke DAINESE) oder mit anderen Mitteln (zum Beispiel Papiersammlung oder mittels Informatikinstrumente in Geschäften, bei Veranstaltungen, auf Messen).
Insbesondere bei der Verfolgung kommerzieller Zwecke sammelt DAINESE im Rahmen des Erwerbs von Produkten und Dienstleistungen auf der Webseite personenbezogene Daten (wie zum Beispiel persönliche Daten, E-Mail-Adresse, Postanschrift, Kreditkartendaten, Bankdaten, Angaben zu Instrumenten und Zahlungscodes über mobile Geräte, Telefonnummer) über das Bestellformular für den Verkauf von Produkten auf der Webseite.
8. Sicherheitsmaßnahmen
DAINESE ergreift geeignete Sicherheitsmaßnahmen, um das Risiko der Zerstörung oder des Verlusts, auch unbeabsichtigt, der persönlichen Daten, den unerlaubten Zugriff oder nicht richtiger Verarbeitung, die nicht den in dieser Privacy Policy genannten Erfassungszwecken entsprechen, zu minimieren.
Zu diesen Maßnahmen gehören beispielsweise die Verwendung von Authentifizierungsdaten (ID-User Password) für die, die im Auftrag von DAINESE auf die Daten zugreifen, die Konfiguration von Berechtigungsprofilen zur Beschränkung des Zugriffs auf nur juristische und private, die zuvor autorisierte wurden, regelmäßige Überprüfung dieser Autorisierungsprofile, Verwendung von Sicherungs- und Wiederherstellungsverfahren, Antivirus-Software auf der Server- und Client-Ebene, mit täglicher Aktualisierung, Firewall- und Anti-Intrusion-Software. Das E-Mail-Archiv ist durch Antiviren- und Antispam-Software geschützt.
Darüber hinaus basiert die Webseite auf der HTTPS-Technologie, einem Protokoll für die sichere Kommunikation über ein Computernetzwerk, das im Internet verwendet wird.
HTTPS besteht aus der Kommunikation über das HTTP-Protokoll (HyperText Transfer Protocol) innerhalb einer  Verbindung, die vom Transport Layer Security (TLS) oder seinem Vorgänger Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) verschlüsselt wurde. Das Prinzip, das hinter HTTPS steht, ist: i) eine Authentifizierung der besuchten Webseite, ii) Privacy, iii) Integrität der zwischen den kommunizierenden Parteien ausgetauschten Daten. Auch das Newsletter-Versandsystem wird von Anti-Spam- und Antivirensoftware überwacht. Die Daten befinden sich in Archiven, die täglich auf Trägern gespeichert werden, die in geschützten Lokalen untergebracht sind.
In Bezug auf den besten Schutz Ihrer persönlichen Daten, unabhängig von der Kontrolle und der Verwaltung von DAINESE, empfehlen wir sicherzustellen, dass der verwendete Computer mit einer geeigneten Software-Vorrichtung zum Schutz der Datenübertragung sowohl eingehende als auch ausgehende, im Netzwerk ausgestattet ist (als aktualisierte Antivirussysteme) und dass der ausgewählte Internetdienstanbieter geeignete Maßnahmen für die Sicherheit der Datenübertragung über das Netzwerk getroffen hat (zum Beispiel Firewalls und Antispamfilter).
9. Pflichtverarbeitungen
Wir informieren Sie, dass DAINESE in einigen gesetzlich vorgesehenen Fällen personenbezogene Daten auch ohne Einwilligung verarbeiten darf, wie zum Beispiel wenn dies zur Vertragserfüllung mit dem Nutzer oder zur Erfüllung einer gesetzlichen Verpflichtung erforderlich ist.
Zum Beispiel können die personenbezogene Daten an Polizeikräfte oder Justizbehörden in Übereinstimmung mit dem Gesetz und auf formelle Anfrage von solchen Personen, zum Beispiel im Zusammenhang mit Betrugsbekämpfungsdiensten, oder sogar in Abwesenheit spezifischer Anfragen weitergegeben werden, für die Erfüllung von Steuerpflichten (Finanzbehörde).
10. Rechte der interessierten Parteien
Es wird informiert, dass der Interessierte das Recht hat:
Vom Datenverantwortlichen eine Bestätigung zu fordern, dass eine Verarbeitung von personenbezogener Daten, die ihn betreffen am Laufen ist oder nicht und diesem Fall, Zugang zu den personenbezogenen Daten und den folgenden Informationen zu erhalten: a) die Zwecke der Verarbeitung; b) die Kategorien personenbezogener Daten; c) die Empfänger oder Kategorien von Empfängern, denen die personenbezogenen Daten mitgeteilt wurden oder werden, insbesondere Empfänger von Drittstaaten oder internationalen Organisationen; d) wenn möglich, die Aufbewahrungsfrist der zur Verfügung gestellten personenbezogenen Daten oder, falls dies nicht möglich ist, die Kriterien, die zur Bestimmung dieser Frist verwendet wurden; e) das Bestehen des Rechts der betroffenen Person, den für die Verarbeitung Verantwortlichen zur Berichtigung oder Löschung personenbezogener Daten oder zur Einschränkung der Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten, die ihn betreffen, zu verlangen oder sich ihrer Verarbeitung zu widersetzen; f) das Recht, bei einer Aufsichtsbehörde Beschwerde einzulegen; g) wenn die Daten nicht von der betroffenen Person gesammelt werden, alle Informationen über ihre Herkunft; h) die Existenz eines automatisierten Entscheidungsprozesses, einschließlich Profilerstellung und zumindest in solchen Fällen signifikante Informationen über die verwendete Logik sowie die Bedeutung und die erwarteten Folgen einer solchen Verarbeitung für die betroffene Person.
sollten die personenbezogene Daten an ein Drittland oder an eine internationale Organisation übermittelt werden, so hat die betroffene Person das Recht, über ausreichende Garantien bezüglich der Übermittlung informiert zu werden;
ohne unangemessene Verzögerung, die Korrektur von ungenauen Daten zu fordern und zu erhalten; unter Berücksichtigung der Zwecke der Verarbeitung, die Integration unvollständiger personenbezogener Daten, auch durch eine zusätzliche Erklärung;
die Löschung der Daten zu fordern, wenn a) die personenbezogene Daten nicht mehr für die Zwecke, für die sie erhoben oder anderweitig verarbeitet wurden, erforderlich sind; b) die interessierte Partei widerruft die Zustimmung, auf der die Verarbeitung beruht, und es gibt keine andere Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung; c) die interessierte Partei lehnt die Verarbeitung ab, und es besteht kein berechtigter zwingender Grund, mit der Verarbeitung fortzufahren, oder sie lehnt die Verarbeitung ab, die für Direktmarketingzwecke durchgeführt wird (einschließlich funktionaler Profilerstellung für ein solches Direktmarketing); d) personenbezogene Daten wurden rechtswidrig verarbeitet; e) personenbezogene Daten müssen gelöscht werden, um eine rechtliche Verpflichtung nach dem Recht der Union oder der Mitgliedstaaten zu erfüllen, denen der für die Verarbeitung Verantwortliche unterliegt; f) personenbezogene Daten wurden im Hinblick auf die Bereitstellung von Diensten der Informationsgesellschaft erhoben.
Löschung aus der Datenbank von DAINESE
die Begrenzung der Verarbeitung beantragen, die die betroffene Partei betrifft, wenn eine der folgenden Hypothesen auftritt: a) die interessierte Partei bestreitet die Genauigkeit der personenbezogener Daten, für den Zeitraum, den der für die Verarbeitung Verantwortliche benötigt, um die Richtigkeit dieser personenbezogenen Daten zu überprüfen; b) die Verarbeitung ist rechtswidrig und die interessierte Partei lehnt die Löschung personenbezogener Daten ab und fordert stattdessen, die Beschränkung ihrer Verwendung; c) obwohl, dass der für die Datenverarbeitung Verantwortliche diese nicht mehr zum Zweck der Verarbeitung benötigt, sind die personenbezogene Daten erforderlich, damit die betroffene Person ein Recht gerichtlich feststellen, ausüben oder verteidigen kann; d) die interessierte Partei lehnte die Verarbeitung zu Direktmarketingzwecken ab, in Erwartung der Überprüfung im Hinblick auf eine eventuelle Prävalenz der legitimen Gründe des Verantwortlichen gegenüber denen der der betroffenen Partei.
vom Verantwortlichen der Verarbeitung, auf Anfrage die Übermittlung der dritten Empfänger, an die die persönlichen Daten übermittelt wurden, zu erhalten;
die Zustimmung zu der Verarbeitung jederzeit zu widerrufen, wenn sie zuvor für einen oder mehrere spezifische Zwecke ihrer personenbezogenen Daten mitgeteilt wurde, wobei dies die Rechtmäßigkeit der Verarbeitung aufgrund der vor dem Widerruf erteilten Zustimmung nicht beeinträchtigt.
Im Besonderen, um die zuvor an DAINESE erteilte Zustimmung zu widerrufen kann der Interessierte eine spezifische Anfrage auf eine der folgenden Weisen senden: i) Befolgen der Hinweise zur Löschung, die am Ende jeder E-Mail-Nachricht angegeben sind, oder ii) senden einer E-Mail an privacy@dainese.com mit der Forderung.
- in einem strukturierten Format, des allgemeinem Gebrauches und durch ein automatisches Gerät lesbar, die persönlichen Daten die den Interessente betreffen, die von ihm an den Datenbeauftragten geliefert wurden und, falls technisch machbar, diese Daten direkt an einen anderen Inhaber der Verarbeitung übermitteln zu lassen, ohne Behinderung seitens des Inhabers, der diese geliefert hat, falls die folgende Bedingung auftritt (kumulativ): a) die Verarbeitung beruht auf der Zustimmung des Betroffenen für einen oder mehrere bestimmte Zwecke oder auf einem Vertrag, bei dem der Betroffene eine Partei ist und zu dessen Durchführung die Verarbeitung erforderlich ist; b) die Verarbeitung wird mit automatisierten Mitteln durchgeführt (Software) (Gesamtrecht für die so genannte "Portabilität"). Die Ausübung des s.g. Rechtes der Portabilität unterliegt dem oben vorgesehenen Widerrufsrecht.
- der Betroffene hat das Recht nicht zu einer Entscheidung, die ausschließlich auf die automatisierte Verarbeitung beruht, unterworfen zu sein, einschließlich der Profilerstellung, die für ihn rechtliche Auswirkungen hat oder die seine Person in ähnlicher Weise erheblich beeinflussen.
- Die betroffene Partei kann jederzeit auf der Grundlage der DSGVO bei der zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde Beschwerde einlegen (die seines Aufenthaltes oder Wohnsitzes).
Wie man die Rechte ausübt
Sie können Ihre zuvor genannten Rechte ausüben, sowie eine Liste der Verantwortlichen und der dritten autonomen Inhaber an die die Daten seitens DAINESE mitgeteilt wurden erhalten, indem Sie eine E-Mail an privacy@dainese.com oder an die Postadresse DAINESE S.p.A., Via Louvigny n. 35 – 36064 – Colceresa (VI), Italy schicken.
11. Inhaber der Verarbeitung. Kontakte
Inhaber der Verarbeitung der persönlichen Daten der Anwender ist DAINESE S.p.A. mit Sitz in Via Louvigny n. 35 – 36064 Colceresa (VI) – Italien MwST Nr. 03924090248.
Um die Einhaltung der GDPR und der für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten durch Dainese geltenden Gesetze zu überwachen, hat Dainese einen unabhängigen Dritten zum Datenschutzbeauftragten ernannt: Herrn Luca De Muri, der für die Position am Hauptsitz ansässig und unter privacy@dainese.com erreichbar ist.
Wenn Sie weitere Informationen darüber erhalten möchten, wie DAINESE die personenbezogenen Daten verarbeitet, schreiben Sie bitte an:  privacy@dainese.com oder an die Adresse des Geschäftssitzes von DAINESE.
Um Ihre Rechte zu kennen und über die Gesetzgebung bezüglich des Schutzes von Personen in Bezug auf die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten informiert zu sein, schlagen wir vor, dass Sie sich die Webseite des Datenschutzgaranten www.garanteprivacy.it  ansehen.
12. Anwendbares Gesetz
Diese Privacy Policy wird von dem Gemeinschaftsrecht (DSGVO) und dem italienischen Gesetzt und insbesondere vom Datenschutzgesetz geregelt.
13. Änderungen und Aktualisierungen der Privacy Policy
DAINESE kann die Datenschutzerklärung jederzeit, ganz oder teilweise, ändern oder einfach aktualisieren, auch unter Berücksichtigung der Änderung der Gesetze oder Vorschriften, die Ihre Rechte schützen. Am Ende dieses Dokuments ist die neueste Version der Privacy Policy angegeben, die für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten ab dem darin angegebenen Datum gültig ist. Die Änderungen und Aktualisierungen der Privacy Policy der Webseite werden wirksam, sobald sie auf der Webseite in diesem Abschnitt veröffentlicht werden. Die Nutzer erhalten per E-Mail die Benachrichtigung über Änderungen an dieser Privacy Policy. Sie müssen in jedem Fall regelmäßig auf diesen Abschnitt zugreifen, um die Veröffentlichung der neuesten und aktualisierten Webseite-Privacy Policy zu überprüfen.
PRIVACY POLICY ver1 22.05.2018
Introduccioón
Bienvenidos a www.dainese.com (el “Sitio”). Rogamos que lea atentamente nuestra Política de privacidad que se aplica tanto en caso que usted decida simplemente acceder y navegar en la página y utilizar los servicios sin comprar ningún producto como si compra los productos o servicios que se ofrecen a la venta en el mismo.
Esta misma Política de Privacidad se aplica también en caso que los datos se obtengan mediante instrumentos diferentes de la Página, si no se especifica diversamente.
Si utiliza el sitio acepta los términos descritos en la Política de privacidad y en la nota informativa que se incluye después de la Política de privacidad. Si no comparte algunos de los términos y modalidades indicadas en la Política de privacidad, le invitamos a no utilizar la página.
El tratamiento de los Datos personales de los usuarios y de los consumidores (de ahora en adelante, colectivamente "Usuarios") se realizará de conformidad con la normativa Europea aplicable (RGPR – Reglamento general de protección de datos 679/2016 y Reglamento EPrivacy) y el Código sobre la Protección de Datos personales (en adelante,  “Código de privacidad”: Decreto Legislativo 30 de junio de 2003, n° 196, y después de la derogación del mismo, la normativa italiana sustitutiva equivalente) que regula el tratamiento de los datos personales efectuados) en el ámbito de las actividades de un establecimiento por parte de un titular del tratamiento o de un responsable del tratamiento en la Unión, independientemente del hecho que el tratamiento se efectúe o no en la Unión. 4.5.2016 L 119/32 Diario Oficial de la Unión Europea; y ii) al tratamiento de los datos personales de interesados que están en la Unión, efectuado por un titular del tratamiento o por un responsable del tratamiento que no está establecido en la Unión, cuando las actividades de tratamiento se refieren a: a) la oferta de bienes o la prestación de servicios a dichos interesados en la Unión, independientemente de la obligatoriedad de un pago del interesado; o b) el seguimiento de su comportamiento, en la medida en que dicho comportamiento se produce en el interior de la Unión.
El tratamiento se realiza respetando los derechos y las libertades fundamentales, así como de la dignidad del interesado, con especial referencia a la confidencialidad, a la identidad personal y al derecho a la protección de los datos personales.
1. La política
DAINESE S.p.A. (de ahora en adelante “DAINESE”) respeta el derecho de sus Usuarios a estar informados sobre la obtención y las otras operaciones de tratamiento de sus Datos personales. En el tratamiento de los datos que pueden, directa o indirectamente, identificar a su persona, respetamos un principio de estricta necesidad y el sitio se configura de manera que el uso de los Datos personales se reduce al mínimo y de manera que se excluye el tratamiento de los Datos personales cuando las finalidades perseguidas en cada uno de los casos pueden conseguirse mediante el uso de datos anónimos (como, por ejemplo, en las investigaciones de mercado con el objetivo de mejorar los servicios, análisis de las páginas y de los contenidos más visitados o en los que más se ha hecho clic, proveniencia de los Usuarios desde otros sitios o canales en línea) o mediante otras modalidades, que permiten identificar al interesado solo en caso de necesidad o bajo solicitud de las autoridades y de las fuerzas de la policía (como, por ejemplo, para los datos relativos al tráfico, la permanencia en el Sitio o la dirección IP).
2. Tipos de datos
A través de los módulos web disponibles en los sitios no solicitamos nunca datos personales «especiales» (datos personales que permitan revelar el origen racial y étnico, las convicciones religiosas, filosóficas o de otro tipo, las opiniones políticas, la adhesión a partidos, sindicatos, asociaciones u organizaciones de carácter religioso, filosófico, político o sindical, así como los datos personales adecuados para revelar el estado de salud y la orientación sexual) o judiciales (datos sobre el registro de antecedentes penales, o relativos a la calidad de imputado o investigado, etc.).
Los datos que tratamos pueden ser de tres categorías generales: i) datos de navegación, ii) datos comunicados de forma activa por el interesado, iii) datos relativos obtenidos en terceras partes y en especial en Internet mediante el programa HubSpot (véase más adelante).
i) Datos de navegación
Los sistemas informáticos y los procedimientos software preparados para el funcionamiento del Sitio adquieren a lo largo de su ejercicio normal algunos datos personales cuya transmisión está implícita en el uso de los protocolos de comunicación de Internet. Se trata de informaciones que se recogen solo para ser asociadas a personas interesadas identificadas, pero que por su naturaleza podrían permitir identificar a los usuarios mediante elaboraciones y asociaciones con datos en posesión de terceros. Se incluyen en esta categoría de datos las direcciones IP o los nombres de dominio de los ordenadores utilizados por los usuarios que se conectan al sitio, las direcciones en notación URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) de los recursos solicitados, el horario de la solicitud, el método utilizado para enviar la solicitud al servidor, la dimensión del archivo obtenido como respuesta, el código numérico que indica el estado de las respuesta dada por el servidor (resultado correcto, error, etc.), el país de proveniencia, y otros parámetros relativos al sistema operativo y al ambiente informático del usuario (por ejemplo, las características del navegador y del sistema operativo utilizado por el visitante, el tipo de dispositivo utilizado para el acceso a Internet, las diferentes connotaciones temporales de la visita (por ejemplo, el tiempo de permanencia en cada página, y el detalle relativo al itinerario seguido en el interior de las páginas del Sitio, con especial referencia a la secuencia de las páginas consultadas. Asimismo, se incluyen en la categoría en examen los llamados registros de sistema, esto es, archivos que registran las interacciones entre usuario y Sitio. Estos datos se utilizan para gestionar el acceso al Sitio y a los servicios incluidos en este, obtener información estadística anónima sobre el uso del sitio, hacer posibles técnicamente las funciones del sitio y para controlar el correcto funcionamiento del mismo y garantizar el mantenimiento de la relativa base de datos. En estos casos, los datos de navegación no permiten identificar a los usuarios interesados y son borrados justo después de la elaboración en forma anónima. Los datos de navegación también pueden usarse para cerciorarse de las responsabilidades en caso de delitos u otros hechos ilícitos cometidos por el interesado y los daños causados al sitio y/o a terceros mediante el sitio.
ii) Datos comunicados por el usuario
Los datos comunicados voluntariamente por el usuario y recogidos por la página y con otros medios se envían a dos bases de datos generales distintas entre ellas:
- “B2B” (relativos a vendedores, distribuidores, agentes de la empresas);
- “B2C” (relativos a personas físicas usuarias finales de los productos y servicios de la empresa).
Se consideran como tales:
La información enviada por los usuarios de manera opcional y voluntaria a las direcciones indicadas en la Página (por ejemplo, dirección de correo electrónico, objeto del e-mail, denominación o razón social, nombre y apellidos, etc, dirección de la sede, residencia o domicilio (CP, ciudad, provincia), número telefónico fijo o móvil, país, idioma de contacto, etc.);
los datos personales comunicados por los usuarios para disfrutar de los servicios a los que se puede acceder en el sitio o para participar en iniciativas promovidas en el Sitio o con otros medios (por ejemplo, datos relativos a compras realizadas por el interesado, tipo de producto, fecha y precio de compra, modelo y número de serie de producto, vendedor en el que se ha realizado la compra);
los datos personales comunicados por los usuarios que envían solicitudes de envío de noticias, material informativo o boletines;
los datos personales comunicados por los usuarios que envían propuestas de trabajo (“curriculum vitae”, etc.) mediante el formulario en línea “Carreras”;
datos personales recogidos mediante productos de la categoría D-Aire, que contienen en su interior un sistema GPS, necesario para el funcionamiento del producto, que registra, durante un tiempo limitado y sólo en el producto, los datos relativos a su ubicación geográfica. Los datos serán procesados por Dainese sólo en caso de entrega del producto de la categoría D-Air a Dainese o a un distribuidor autorizado, para la restauración de la bolsa D-Air o para la reparación o para fines de investigación y desarrollo del producto.
Cuando se envía espontáneamente un mensaje de correo electrónico a una de las direcciones de correo electrónico indicadas en nuestros sitios, obtenemos la dirección del remitente y otros datos personales que se hayan incluido en el mensaje y en los adjuntos. Las casillas de correo electrónico que corresponden a las direcciones indicadas en nuestras páginas y cualquier otra casilla de correo electrónico de DAINESE no son de tipo personal ni siquiera cuando incluyen el nombre y/o apellidos de una persona física. Pertenecen a la organización empresarial y tienen como objetivo primario permitir que se realice eficazmente las actividades de trabajo en el interior de las empresas de DAINESE Group. Esto significa que los mensajes enviados a las casillas de correo electrónico de DAINESE Group podrán ser conocidos, además de por el destinatario, también por otras personas que formen parte de la organización. Si se envían mensajes de correo electrónico a otras direcciones de correo electrónico indicadas en nuestros sitios, declara que ha leído y acepta las condiciones de tratamiento contenidas en esta política.
iii) Datos recogidos en terceras partes
DAINESE utiliza el programa HubSpot que permite asociar al e-mail del interesado B2C información sobre el interesado que dicho programa obtiene automáticamente en Internet y que está asociada a un e-mail para construir un perfil de base del interesado, que DAINESE utiliza para finalidades de elaboración de perfiles y marketing.
3. Quién trata los datos personales, cómo y con qué finalidades
DAINESE es el titular único y autónomo del tratamiento de los Datos personales de los usuarios (“Datos personales”), tanto en relación a la actividad de gestión, conclusión y ejecución de las transacciones comerciales relativas a la venta de productos y servicios mediante el Sitio o mediante tiendas físicas propiedad de Dainese, así como los servicios posventa (las "Finalidades comerciales"), como en relación a las finalidades de marketing directo (incluida la elaboración de un perfil funcional para las actividades de marketing directo) realizadas mediante las funciones del sitio y/o a mediante otros canales en línea (por ejemplo, envío de boletines relativos al mundo DAINESE, a los productos y servicios de la misma, envío por SMS, e-mail, teléfono con operador, redes sociales o mensajería móvil de de mensajes promocionales y publicitarios generales o personalizados según los hábitos de consumo y otras preferencias e intereses expresados por el Usuario) (las “Finalidades de marketing”) dependiendo del consentimiento prestado por el interesado como a continuación se especifica de forma más concreta.
En lo que se refiere a las Finalidades Comerciales, los datos personales son tratados para 1) cumplir requisitos precontractuales (por ejemplo, instrucción de ofertas o pedidos, comprobaciones de solvencia); 2) cumplimiento de obligaciones contractuales (relacionadas con el suministro o compra de bienes y/o servicios) y legales (por ejemplo, contabilidad, formalidades fiscales, gestión administrativa, contable y de tesorería); 4) gestión de clientes y proveedores; 5) gestión de garantías y control de riesgos (fraudes, faltas de solvencia, etc.); 6) gestión de contencioso o cesión de créditos); 7) servicios financieros instrumentales para la gestión de clientes y proveedores y gestión de instrumentos de pago electrónico; 8) servicios de seguros instrumentales para la gestión de clientes y proveedores.
Los Datos personales serán tratados solo por los encargados del tratamiento específicamente seleccionados y autorizados por escrito por DAINESE y controlados por DAINESE, para impedir el acceso no autorizado a los datos o que se realicen operaciones ilegales de tratamiento por parte de terceras partes y en general para evitar cualquier riesgo de seguridad que pueda afectar a Datos personales.  Las categorías de personas autorizadas para efectuar el tratamiento son los sujetos autorizados pertenecientes a los departamentos de administración, marketing, comercial, posventa y reclamaciones, legal e ICT.
Los Datos Personales se tratan sobre todo en formato electrónico y en algunos casos en papel.
Las lógicas y formas de organización de tratamiento estarán relacionadas estrictamente con las finalidades antes indicadas. Para garantizar que los Datos Personales sean siempre exactos y estén actualizados, sean pertinentes y estén completos, rogamos nos avise de cualquier modificación realizada a la siguiente dirección de correo electrónico: privacy@dainese.com.
Los datos son tratados en el interior del sistema informático de Custom Relation Management (CRM) de DAINESE dedicado a la gestión de clientes, proveedores y otros contactos.
Dicho CRM se basa en algunos servicios en la nube firmados por DAINESE y ofrecidos por proveedores terceros (empresa SugarCRM Inc. con sede en los EE.UU., con servidor en la UE o fuera de la UE, HubSpot Inc. con sede en los EE.UU y servidor en Alemania-Frankfurt), cuyos servidores pueden estar ubicados en la UE o en otros países fuera de la UE (véase sección “Traslado de los datos al extranjero”, incluida a continuación).
Para la política de privacidad del proveedor tercero SugarCRM INC. véase el URL: https://www.sugarcrm.com/legal/privacy-policy.  También SugarCRM INC. es una empresa americana registrada en el ente competente según la convención UE-EEUU denominada “Privacy Shield” (véase https://www.sugarcrm.com/legal/privacy-shield-notice).
Para la política de privacidad del proveedor tercero HubSpot INC. véase el URL: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy. Para la política de privacidad de HubSpot Inc., véase el URL https://knowledge.hubspot.com/articles/kcs_article/account/hubspot-cookie-security-and-privacy. También HubSpotINC. es una empresa americana registrada en el ente competente según la convención UE-EEUU denominada “Privacy Shield” (véase https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TN8pAAG&status=Active).
Programa de gestión de recursos digitales usado por esta aplicación
El controlador de datos utiliza software en la nube que ofrece una solución de gestión de recursos digitales integrado (“DAM”). Si se utiliza el programa, el controlador de datos puede gestionar sus recursos digitales, de una manera más centralizada y por lo tanto más eficiente, al tiempo que están disponibles de forma simultánea y/o se publican en múltiples canales de comunicación web.
El software también ofrece estadísticas sobre el uso de los recursos digitales gestionados con el mismo. El software es suministrado por THRON S.p.A. (“THRON”). THRON no recoge de forma automática, con el software, ninguna información personal identificable de los usuarios que visitan los recursos digitales gestionados por el programa. A pesar de ello, el uso del software implica la recogida automática de la siguiente información del usuario: Dirección IP, sistema operativo y tipo de navegador usado por el ordenador o el dispositivo móvil, el URL de la página web visitada por el usuario antes y después del acceso a los servicios en los que está integrada la solución técnica de THRON.
Para más información, se invita al usuario a visitar la política sobre privacidad de THRON disponible en el siguiente enlace.
Contenido del tratamiento
Por tratamiento se entiende, según cuanto indicado por la ley, diferentes tipos de operaciones relativas a los datos personales: recogida por teléfono, por vía telemática o por escrito o en registros públicos, lista de actos y documentos y/o bancos de datos públicos y/o privados (sociedades de informaciones comerciales o tercero responsables del tratamiento delegados por los Titulares), registro, organización, conservación y elaboración en papel, soportes magnéticos, automatizados o telemáticos, elaboración de datos recogidos por terceras partes, modificación, selección, extracción, comparación, utilización, interconexión incluso con datos de otros sujetos según criterios de calidad, cantidad y temporales, recurrentes o definidos en cada ocasión, tratamiento temporal con el objetivo de una rápida agregación o transformación de los datos mismos, adopción de decisiones de forma automatizada y/o discrecional, creación de perfiles y notas informativas, comunicación, cancelación y destrucción de datos, o combinaciones de dos o más de las operaciones antes mencionadas; asimismo, se considera tratamiento la seudonimización de los Datos Personales.
El tratamiento con Finalidades de marketing comportará también las mínimas actividades de elaboración de perfiles estrictamente necesarios para cumplir de manera específica su solicitud de recibir boletines y materiales promocionales y publicitarios de su interés específico y exclusivo (y por lo tanto, optimizar las acciones de publicidad, evitando en especial el envío de contenidos que no sean de interés efectivo del Usuario y aumentando de esta manera la satisfacción del cliente).
En cualquier caso, por ley no es necesario recoger algún consentimiento para el envío de e-mail publicitarios sobre productos y servicios análogos ya comprados por usted en el sitio, excepto si usted rechaza expresamente en cualquier momento la recepción de más mensajes de e-mail publicitarios.
Duración del tratamiento
Los Datos personales se guardarán en la forma que permita la identificación del Usuario durante el tiempo estrictamente necesario para las finalidades para las que se han recogido los datos y serán posteriormente tratados y, en cualquier caso, dentro de los límites legales, como se indica a continuación.
Los datos personales de navegación son tratados durante el tiempo necesario para garantizar la navegación y la interacción técnica entre el usuario y el Sitio; este tiempo coincide con la duración de la sesión individual de navegación.a) en la fase precontractual, durante el tiempo necesario para tramitar las solicitudes del interesado recibidas por la empresa (por ejemplo, apertura de resguardo de intervención técnica en garantía) y a trazar y gestionar el buen fin de las respuestas enviadas por la Sociedad al interesado; esta duración se limita a 24 meses desde la fecha de recogida de los datos personales;b) en relación al contrato estipulado con el interesado, durante toda la duración de las relaciones contractuales instauradas con el interesado (en especial, durante los 2 años de garantía ordinaria según el código de consumo);c) después del cese de la relación contractual instaurada con el interesado, los datos personales serán tratados para cumplir todas las obligaciones legales relacionadas con el final de la relación contractual (en especial, para comprobar el cumplimiento de las obligaciones fiscales y civiles ante las autoridades de control (durante 10 años desde el final del contrato).
Los datos personales son tratados para finalidades de seguridad informática (por ejemplo, registro, conservación, análisis de registros a los eventos electrónicos y telemáticos activados por el Usuario mediante interacción con las funciones del Sitio y/o el envío de e-mail a DAINESE), la conservación se realizará durante un tiempo suficiente para permitir completar unos controles adecuados de seguridad relativos y valorar los resultados de los mismos (1 año desde el momento de la recogida) o en caso de anomalías detectadas, durante el tiempo necesario para resolver las mismas con soluciones adecuadas.
En caso que surja un contencioso extrajudicial o judicial con el interesado y/o con terceros, los datos serán tratados durante el tiempo estrictamente necesario para ejercer la plena protección de los derechos del Titular (esto es, hasta que se produzca una acción judicial o extrajudicial con fuerza de cosa juzgada que finalice el litigio).
En caso de tratamiento para Finalidades de Marketing, la duración es la siguiente:
a) finalidad de elaboración de perfiles, el tratamiento durará el tiempo necesario para utilizar los resultados de la misma para planificar, ejecutar y comprobar la eficacia de las campañas de marketing directo basadas en dicha elaboración de perfiles (1 año);
- para finalidades de marketing directo, el tratamiento durará normalmente 2 años, sin que ello afecte el derecho del interesado de revocar anticipadamente el consentimiento en cualquier momento.
La duración de la conservación de los datos obtenidos mediante cookie se muestra en la sección "Política sobre Cookie" incluida a continuación.
Transcurrido el tiempo anteriormente indicado, DAINESE se compromete a borrar definitivamente los datos personales de sus propios archivos electrónicos. Como alternativa se reserva el derecho de convertirlos en cualquier momento en anónimos, en estos casos no se aplicará la normativa de privacidad.
Lugar del tratamiento
El tratamiento de los datos personales se realizará sobre todo en Italia, en los países extranjeros en los que tienen sede otras empresas del grupo Dainese. El tratamiento puede realizarse en parte en países extranjeros, en la UE o fuera de esta, siempre que se realice un traslado hacia estos por parte de DAINESE.
La gestión técnica de este sitio y de la base de datos está a cargo también de Empresas ubicadas fuera de la Unión Europea; en consecuencia personal de estas empresas podrá tener acceso solo en caso de necesidades excepcionales relacionadas con el funcionamiento técnico de la página.
En especial, los Datos personales se trasladarán al extranjero a las empresas que forman parte del Grupo Dainese (cuya lista está disponible en la página), así como, en caso que esto fuese necesario para la consecución de las Finalidades Comerciales, solo hacia los países que no forman parte de la Unión Europea que aseguren niveles de protección adecuados de conformidad con cuanto reconocido por las decisiones sobre este tema de la Comisión UE, o en ausencia de decisiones específicas, solo previa celebración entre DAINESE y dichos sujetos de contratos específicos que contengan cláusulas de protección de los datos personales adecuadas, de conformidad con la legislación y los reglamentos aplicables. Cuando el traslado fuera de la UE se realice por motivos diferentes a las Finalidades de Marketing, la base jurídica del traslado está formada además en cualquier caso por el legítimo interés de DAINESE de ejecutar el contrato con el interesado y un contrato estipulado por una de estas con terceras partes en favor del interesado o de cumplir las obligaciones legales.
4. Base jurídica del tratamiento
1) cumplir con los requisitos precontractuales (por ejemplo, instrucción de nuestras ofertas o sus pedidos, cumplimiento de sus solicitudes también de envío de material informativo, listas de precios, etc.) y/o cumplimiento de las obligaciones contractuales (suministro o compra de bienes y/o servicios, incluida la gestión de las obligaciones de entrega y la logística y el transporte funcional a la misma); la base jurídica del tratamiento es la ejecución de un contrato en el que la Parte Interesada sea parte o la ejecución de medidas precontractuales a adoptar o gestionar a petición de la misma;
2) el cumplimiento de las obligaciones legales (por ejemplo, la contabilidad, las formalidades fiscales, la gestión administrativa y contable, etc.); la base jurídica del tratamiento es, por lo tanto, la necesidad de cumplir las obligaciones legales mencionadas;
3) gestión de clientes y proveedores para aspectos distintos de los menores de 1-2 (organización interna de actividades funcionales al suministro activo y pasivo de productos y/o servicios, por ejemplo: controles de solvencia, gestión de líneas de crédito y control de riesgos -fraude, insolvencias, etc.). -, gestión de litigios y transferencias de crédito, gestión de servicios financieros y de seguros que contribuyen a la gestión de los proveedores y gestión de instrumentos de pago electrónico, gestión de la producción, gestión de la guía telefónica, procesamiento estadístico); la base jurídica del procesamiento es nuestro interés legítimo en poder procesar los Datos para gestionar de forma eficaz y eficiente la relación con nuestros clientes y/o proveedores y para gestionar los procesos organizativos internos y externos relacionados;
4) Prestación de servicios de asistencia técnica, posventa y mejora, con fines de seguridad y de investigación y desarrollo, de los productos de la categoría D-Air a través de los datos personales, incluidos los datos de localización, recogidos durante el registro de los productos de la categoría D-Air y mediante la descarga de los datos contenidos en los productos de la categoría D-Air, en caso de entrega del producto para la restauración o reparación de la bolsa a Dainese o a un distribuidor autorizado; la base jurídica del tratamiento es nuestro interés legítimo en poder contactar con el comprador para cualquier actualización/comunicación/recuperación, así como para la investigación y el desarrollo del producto;
5) marketing directo, es decir, el envío de comunicaciones comerciales y promocionales y/o la oferta directa de bienes y servicios, a través de correo electrónico, mensajes de texto, llamadas telefónicas, redes sociales y/o estudios de mercado; por ley, no será necesario obtener ningún consentimiento para enviar correos electrónicos publicitarios sobre productos y servicios similares a los ya adquiridos en el Sitio o en las tiendas Dainese, ya que en este caso la base jurídica del tratamiento es nuestro legítimo interés en promover nuestra actividad a quienes ya nos conocen; en caso de que los correos electrónicos no se refieran a productos o servicios similares, la base jurídica del tratamiento es el consentimiento del interesado;
6) elaboración de perfiles; para su elaboración de perfiles utilizamos los datos (por ejemplo, nombre y apellidos, residencia, país de origen, teléfono fijo y móvil, dirección de correo electrónico, sitio web, tipo de producto/servicio comprado o vendido) que nos proporciona cuando utiliza servicios individuales (por ejemplo, nombre y apellidos, residencia, país de origen, teléfono fijo y móvil, dirección de correo electrónico, sitio web, tipo de producto/servicio comprado o vendido). para solicitar el boletín de noticias o para hacer compras, o cuando se registra en el área reservada de nuestro sitio web) también asociándolos con datos sobre su navegación en el sitio web de Dainese y/o el uso de los servicios proporcionados por el sitio (por ejemplo, cookies) o datos recogidos a través de otros canales de comunicación (por ejemplo, los medios de comunicación social con los que interactúan, enlazados desde nuestro sitio).
Procesamos los datos para analizar, también de forma predictiva, y/o crear grupos de individuos divididos por segmentos de mercado basados en un conjunto mínimo de elementos (p.ej. país y/o zona geográfica de origen, preferencias en nuestras categorías de productos, elecciones relativas a la compra de nuestros productos y, en particular, las compras perdidas de nuestros productos colocados en el carro de la compra de nuestro Sitio, detectadas a través de la funcionalidad del mismo: en este caso nos referimos al perfil "Basic"), hasta perfiles más avanzados basados en la edad, el sexo, el comportamiento en línea (distinto de las compras perdidas de nuestros productos) y las compras anteriores (frecuencia, artículos, precios: en este caso nos referimos al perfil "Advanced").
Esta actividad tiene un doble propósito: entender mejor a los clientes, tanto como grupos como individuos, y analizar la efectividad del marketing para desarrollar y actualizar productos, servicios y ofertas de acuerdo con las preferencias de nuestro público objetivo.
Por consiguiente, la elaboración de perfiles tiene por objeto ajustar los servicios y bienes que ofrecemos a la demanda actual y potencial, medir los resultados de promociones concretas, adoptar medidas correctivas para mejorar los resultados comerciales (por ejemplo, reduciendo el riesgo de invertir recursos en zonas marginales para el público destinatario) y la eficacia de los procesos comerciales (por ejemplo, determinando cuántos mensajes y contenidos promocionales que le hemos enviado ha visto y sobre los que ha hecho clic), limitar el envío de comunicaciones promocionales que no sean pertinentes para sus probables expectativas y necesidades o a través de canales no deseados. Esto significa que no enviamos las mismas ofertas a todos los interesados y que podremos enviarle comunicaciones publicitarias lo más cercanas posible a sus gustos, intereses o preferencias, o a través de sus métodos de contacto preferidos, mejorando su experiencia de compra, incluso para su propio beneficio.
Además, si usted permite la creación de perfiles, utilizamos los datos para anunciar servicios y productos en los medios sociales a otras personas que tienen un perfil similar al suyo y que, por lo tanto, pueden estar más interesadas en lo que ofrecemos.
La elaboración de perfiles no le excluye de ventajas específicas ni de la posibilidad de ejercer libremente sus derechos en relación con los datos personales tratados por nosotros; en particular, no afecta a la posibilidad de que la persona interesada utilice nuestros servicios ordinarios (por ejemplo, preinscripción en línea, compra de servicios).
La base jurídica del profiling es, en lo que respecta al profiling BÁSICO, nuestro interés legítimo de tener un perfil elemental para limitar las acciones de marketing a los temas de mayor interés para el usuario, así como para volver a proponer el carrito de la compra al usuario en caso de no compra; en lo que respecta al profiling Avanzado, la base jurídica es el consentimiento previo comunicado a Dainese por el interesado (o por terceros en caso de que los datos no sean recogidos del interesado).
¿El consentimiento del interesado para el tratamiento de los datos para finalidades de elaboración de perfiles y marketing directo es válido también para la comunicación de datos a terceros?
La comunicación de datos por parte de DAINESE a terceras partes con fines de marketing directo podrá estar destinada, según los casos, a las otras empresas que forman parte del Grupo o a terceros que, en el ámbito de las mismas actividades de marketing compartidas y/o en el ámbito del mismo tratamiento para finalidades de marketing directo (por ejemplo, en relación a iniciativas de marketing co-branded), colaboran con DAINESE, o son delegadas por contrato para transmitir las comunicaciones comerciales al interesado y/o a tratar por cuenta del Titular los datos recibidos para finalidades de marketing.
En los anteriores dos casos los destinatarios terceros de los datos, dado que son designados por escrito como «responsables externos» del tratamiento por parte de DAINESE, podrán tratar los datos por cuenta de DAINESE basándose en el mismo consentimiento de marketing específico (incluido el de la comunicación a terceros para dichas finalidades) ya prestado en favor de DAINESE.
Por contra, el consentimiento para el tratamiento para finalidades de marketing prestado por el interesado en favor de DAINESE no legitima automáticamente también la comunicación o cesión de los datos por parte de DAINESE a terceros que los traten en calidad de cotitulares o de titulares autónomos (esto es, diferente de responsable externo) del tratamiento (por regla esto se produce solo con socios terceros que deseen usar los datos de forma autónoma para la finalidad de elaboración de perfiles y/o marketing directo): para efectuar esta comunicación a terceros, DAINESE debe obtener del interesado un consentimiento ulterior, separado, adicional, documentado, expreso y también este opcional.
5. Qué sucede si no comunica DAINESE los datos personales
La comunicación a DAINESE de los Datos personales para finalidades comerciales (en especial, datos personales como la dirección de correo electrónico, la dirección postal, la tarjeta de débito o crédito y las coordenadas bancarias y número de teléfono) es necesaria para la consecución de las Finalidades comerciales.
Si se niega a comunicar a DAINESE algunos Datos personales necesarios para estos objetivos podría ser imposible estipular y/o efectuar el contrato de compra de los productos y servicios en el Sitio o, incluso, cumplir correctamente las obligaciones legales y de Reglamento. En cambio, la comunicación de otros Datos personales, diferentes de la comunicación obligatoria, es opcional y no comporta ninguna consecuencia en relación a las compras de productos en el Sitio y en general no comporta para el Usuario ninguna obligación ni ninguna desventaja.
Por contra, para las Finalidades comerciales no es necesario su consentimiento previo al tratamiento ya que dicho tratamiento por parte de DAINESE resulta lícito según otros motivos (principalmente por el interés legítimo de DAINESE, que prevalece sobre los intereses y derechos o los derechos y las libertades fundamentales del interesado, de establecer el contrato de venta de los productos y servicios y de hacer sea realizado de manera regular como es necesario después de la estipulación del mismo). Este interés legítimo incluye también establecer, bajo solicitud del usuario, intercambios de información con el usuario con el objetivo de dicha estipulación (por ejemplo, sobre el tipo y las características de los productos). De manera similar, el Titular tiene la necesidad de cumplir las obligaciones legales relacionadas con el contrato.
La comunicación o consentimiento a DAINESE de los datos personales para las finalidades de marketing siempre es opcional y está relacionado con el proceso de registro en el sitio y la falta de comunicación, así como la falta de consentimiento para el tratamiento según las finalidades de marketing no comporta ninguna consecuencia en el proceso de compra, excepto la imposibilidad de finalizar el registro y por lo tanto de disfrutar de servicios como boletines, ofertas generales o personalizadas y acceso a las áreas promocionales reservadas en las que se materializa la actividad de marketing directo. En cada ocasión le informaremos debidamente del carácter obligatorio u opcional de la comunicación de los datos personales a DAINESE y de las eventuales consecuencias en caso de falta de comunicación.
6. A quién comunicamos los Datos personales
Los datos personales podrán ponerse a disposición de terceras empresas que realicen por cuenta de DAINESE, servicios específicos, en calidad de responsables del tratamiento o podrán ser comunicados a ulteriores terceras partes, que efectúan el tratamiento de los datos de manera autónoma únicamente para realizar el contrato de compra de productos en el sitio y sólo cuando estas finalidades no sean incompatibles con los objetivos para los cuales se han recogidos y posteriormente tratados estos datos, y siempre de manera conforme con la legislación vigente.
En especial, DAINESE colabora con  proveedores que garantizan el servicio de posventa, como se describe de manera más específica en las Condiciones de Venta del Sitio que puede consultar en este enlace. Asimismo, para la ejecución de la fase de transporte DAINESE recurre a transportistas y mensajeros (UPS, DHL, etc.) los cuales tratarán los datos personales de los Usuarios solo con la finalidad de llevar a cabo el encargo de entrega que se les ha confiado.
Asimismo, los datos pueden comunicarse a: 1) bancos, instituciones de moneda electrónica y otros sujetos autorizados para ejecutar los servicios de pago electrónico a distancia, mediante tarjeta de débito o crédito o mediante funciones en red disponibles mediante dispositivos móviles; 2) aseguradoras (para coberturas de seguros de transportes); 3) empresas de recuperación de créditos, seguros, y/o cesión de créditos (en caso de incumplimiento del Usuario de las obligaciones contractuales ante DAINESE); 4) empresas de informaciones comerciales (en caso de contencioso con el Usuario); 5) otras sociedades, entes y/o personas físicas que realicen actividades instrumentales, de soporte o funcionales para la ejecución de los contratos o servicios solicitados por usted. (Por ejemplo, empresas encargadas de la gestión de la página web, empresas que realizan actividades de mantenimiento y asistencia en relación a la base de datos de los titulares).
Los Datos personales se comunican a algunos responsables externos del tratamiento como, en especial, gestores, abogados y despachos legales, empresas de revisión y/o revisores de las cuentas, organismos de vigilancia relacionados con el modelo de organización adoptado por DAINESE según el Decreto Legislativo 231/2001 para prevenir la comisión de determinados delitos; todo ello, para permitir que estos realicen, según diferentes apelaciones, las actividades necesarias para garantizar el respeto de las obligaciones legales relativas a la venta de bienes y servicios a través del Sitio.
Para las Finalidades de Marketing DAINESE comunica los Datos personales también a empresas terceras responsables externas del tratamiento: agencias de marketing y publicidad, empresas de servicios de hosting, empresas de desarrollo y gestión de páginas web, empresas de web marketing, proveedores de servicios de comunicación electrónica e ICT; proveedores terceros comerciales, incluso si trabajan en sectores productivos no incluidos en el comercio electrónico, por ejemplo en el sector de la automoción, con los que DAINESE activa acciones de comarketing o de gestión de Eventos. Asimismo, DAINESE puede compartir algunos datos (nombre, apellidos, e-mail) con plataformas terceras de redes sociales (por ejemplo  Facebook, Google) que los usan solo para identificar a otras personas parecidas al usuario que podrían estar interesadas en los servicios y/o productos de DAINESE, de manera que se les da publicidad mediante dichas plataformas de redes sociales.
En caso de accidentes que impliquen la responsabilidad civil producto de DAINESE, los datos personales pueden comunicarse a sujetos terceros encargados de la gestión del relativo siniestro (por ejemplo, gabinetes de abogados, pero también técnicos, empresas de seguros que emitan la póliza de seguros activada en relación al siniestro mismo).
Dichos responsables externos del tratamiento de los Datos Personales han sido nombrados por DAINESE ya que han demostrado poseer experiencia, capacidad y fiabilidad y ofrecer una garantía adecuada del pleno respeto de las disposiciones vigentes en la materia, incluido el perfil sobre la seguridad de los datos. Los responsables efectúan el tratamiento según las instrucciones del Titular que los ha nombrado, que periódicamente comprueba que hayan realizado puntualmente las tareas que se les ha confiado y que continúen prestando unas garantías contractuales y legales adecuadas en relación a la protección de los datos personales.
En cualquier momento podrá obtener una lista actualizada de los responsables externos y de los titulares autónomos del tratamiento escribiendo a: privacy@dainese.com.
Datos del usuario relativos al registro en el Sitio
Los datos personales no se comunicarán, cederán ni transferirán de ningún modo a sujetos terceros, sin que los usuarios hayan sido previamente informados y sin el relativo consentimiento cuando esto sea requerido por la ley.
En caso de cesión a terceros de la empresa o parte de la empresa a la que pertenece el sitio, los Datos personales del usuario serán cedidos automáticamente al comprador. En caso de cesión a terceros de una participación de control en el capital social de DAINESE los Datos personales podrían ser comunicados al sujeto o sujetos que efectúe la compra.
Los datos personales no serán difundidos, esto es, puestos a disposición de un número incontrolado de sujetos terceros.
7. Cómo se obtienen los Datos personales en la página
DAINESE recoge directamente de los usuarios los datos personales y otras informaciones en el ámbito de los procesos que la empresa gestiona (compra de productos en el sitio para la conclusión de transacciones de comercio electrónico / compilación de los módulos de registro de usuario en el sitio para las finalidades de marketing de DAINESE) o mediante otros medios (por ejemplo, recogida en papel o mediante instrumentos informáticos en tiendas, eventos, ferias).
En especial, para la consecución de las finalidades comerciales, en el ámbito de los procesos de compra de los productos en el sitio DAINESE recoge los datos personales (como por ejemplo, datos personales, dirección de correo electrónico, dirección postal, detalles de tarjeta de crédito, coordenadas bancarias,  detalles de instrumentos y códigos de pago con dispositivos móviles, número de teléfono) con el módulo de pedido para la compra de productos en el sitio.
8. Medidas de seguridad
DAINESE adopta medidas de seguridad adecuadas para reducir al mínimo los riesgos de destrucción o de pérdida, incluso accidental, de los datos personales, de acceso no autorizado o de tratamiento no permitido o no conforme con las finalidades de otorgamiento indicadas en esta política de privacidad.
Estas medidas incluyen por ejemplo el uso de credenciales de autenticación (id-user password) por parte de quienes por cuenta de DAINESE acceden a a los datos, configuración de perfiles de autorización dirigidos a limitar el acceso solo a entidades jurídicas y personas físicas previamente autorizadas, revisión periódica de dichos perfiles de autorización, utilización de procedimientos de copia de seguridad y restablecimiento, software antivirus a nivel de servidor y cliente, actualizado diariamente, firewall y software anti-intrusión. El archivo email está protegido por un software antivirus y antispam. Asimismo, el Sitio se basa en tecnología HTTPS que es un protocolo para la comunicación a través de una red de ordenadores utilizado en Internet. HTTPS consiste en la comunicación mediante el protocolo HTTP (HyperText Transfer Protocol) en una conexión encriptada del Transport Layer Security (TLS) o de su predecesor, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). El principio en la base de HTTPS es tener: i) una autenticación de la página web visitada, ii) protección de la privacidad, iii) integridad de los datos intercambiados entre las partes que establecen la comunicación. El sistema de envío de boletines también está protegido por un software antispam y antivirus. Los datos están contenidos en archivos que diariamente se guardan en soportes seguros en locales protegidos.
En lo que se refiere a la mejor protección de sus Datos personales si se se prescinde del control y de la gestión de DAINESE, aconsejamos asegurarse de que el ordenador utilizado esté dotado de dispositivos software adecuados para la protección de la transmisión en red de datos, tanto en entrada como en salida (como sistemas antivirus actualizados) y que el proveedor de servicios Internet elegido haya dotado de medidas adecuadas para la seguridad de la transmisión de datos en red (como por ejemplo, firewalls y filtros antispam).
9. Tratamientos obligatorios
Le informamos que DAINESE podrá tratar los Datos personales incluso en ausencia de consentimiento en algunos casos previstos por la ley, como por ejemplo, cuando esto sea necesario para efectuar el contrato con el Usuario y cumplir con una obligación legal.
Por ejemplo, los Datos personales podrán ser comunicados a fuerzas policiales o a la autoridad judicial, de conformidad con la ley y previa solicitud formal por parte de estos sujetos, por ejemplo en el ámbito de servicios antifraude, o incluso en ausencia de solicitud específica, para el cumplimiento de obligaciones fiscales (por ejemplo, Agencia de cobros).
10. Los derechos de los interesados
Se informa que el interesado tendrá el derecho de:
- solicitar al Titular la confirmación de que está en curso o no un tratamiento de datos personales que lo afectan y, si es así, obtener el acceso a los datos personales y a la siguiente información: a) las finalidades del tratamiento; b) las categorías de datos personales en cuestión; c) los destinatarios o las categorías de destinatarios a los que se han comunicado o serán comunicados los datos personales, en especial si son destinatarios de países terceros u organizaciones internacionales; d) si es posible, el periodo de conservación de los datos personales previsto o, si no es posible, los criterios utilizados para determinar este periodo; e) la existencia del derecho del interesado de solicitar al titular del tratamiento la rectificación o la cancelación de los datos personales que se refieren a él o de oponerse a su tratamiento; f) el derecho de proponer una reclamación a una autoridad de control; g) si los datos no se han obtenido del interesado, toda la información disponible sobre su origen; h) la existencia de un proceso de toma de decisiones automatizado, incluida la elaboración de perfiles y al menos en algunos casos, información significativa sobre la lógica utilizada, así como la importancia y las consecuencias previstas de este tratamiento para el interesado.
- si los datos personales son trasladados a un país tercero o a una organización internacional, el interesado tiene el derecho de estar informado sobre la existencia de garantías adecuadas relativas a la transferencia;
- solicitar y obtener sin retraso injustificado la rectificación de los datos no exactos, teniendo en cuenta la finalidad del tratamiento, la integración de los datos personales incompletos, comunicando también una declaración integrativa;
- solicitar la cancelación de los datos si a) los datos personales ya no son necesarios para las finalidades para las que se han recogido o tratado; b) el interesado revoca el consentimiento sobre el que se basa el tratamiento y no subsiste otro fundamento jurídico para el tratamiento; c) el interesado se opone al tratamiento y no subsiste ningún motivo legítimo prevalente para efectuar el tratamiento, o se opone al tratamiento realizado para finalidades de marketing directo (incluida la elaboración de perfiles funcionales para este marketing directo); d) los datos personales se han tratado ilícitamente; e) los datos personales deben cancelarse para cumplir una obligación legal prevista por el derecho de la Unión o del Estado miembro al que está sometido el titular del tratamiento; f) los datos personales se han recogido para la oferta de servicios de la sociedad de la información. Cancelación de la base de datos de DAINESE
- solicitar la limitación del tratamiento que se refiere al interesado, cuando se produce una de las siguientes hipótesis: a) el interesado impugna la exactitud de los datos personales, durante el periodo necesario para que el titular compruebe la exactitud de los datos personales; b) el tratamiento es ilícito y el interesado se opone a la cancelación de los datos personales y solicita que se limite la utilización de los mismos; c) aunque el titular del tratamiento ya no los necesite para el tratamiento, los datos personales son necesarios para el interesado para cerciorarse, ejercer o defender un derecho en sede judicial; d) el interesado se ha opuesto al tratamiento realizado para finalidades de marketing directo, a la espera de la comprobación sobre una prevalencia de los motivos legítimos del titular del tratamiento respecto a los del interesado;
- obtener del titular del tratamiento, bajo solicitud, la comunicación de los destinatarios terceros a los que se han transmitido los datos personales;
- revocar en cualquier momento el consentimiento para el tratamiento si anteriormente se había comunicado para una o varias finalidades específicas de los propios datos personales, sin que ello afecte a la licitud del tratamiento basada en el consentimiento prestado antes de la revocación.
En especial, para revocar el consentimiento anteriormente otorgado a DAINESE) el interesado puede enviar una solicitud específica de una de las siguientes maneras: i) respetando las instrucciones de cancelación indicadas al final de cada mensaje de e-mail, o ii) enviando un e-mail a privacy@dainese.com que contenga la solicitud.
- recibir en un formato estructurado, de uso común y que pueda ser leído por dispositivo automático, los datos personales que se refieren al interesado comunicados por estos al Titular del tratamiento y, si es técnicamente factible, transmitir dichos datos directamente a otro titular del tratamiento sin impedimentos por parte del Titular al que se los ha comunicado, si se produce la siguiente condición (acumulativa): a) el tratamiento se basa en el consentimiento del interesado para una o varias finalidades, o en un contrato en el que el interesado es parte y para cuya ejecución el tratamiento es necesario; y b) el tratamiento se realice con medios automatizados  (software) (derecho a la llamada “portabilidad”). El ejercicio del derecho llamado de portabilidad no afecta al derecho a la cancelación antes previsto;
- el interesado tiene el derecho de no ser sometido a una decisión basada únicamente en el tratamiento automatizado, incluida la elaboración de perfiles que produzca efectos jurídicos que lo afecten o que indica de una manera similar significativamente en su persona.
- el interesado en cualquier momento puede efectuar una reclamación a la Autoridad de control competente según el RGPD (la de su sede de residencia o domicilio).
Cómo ejercer los derechos
Puede ejercer estos derechos, así como obtener una lista de los responsables y de los terceros titulares autónomos a quienes DAINESE ha comunicado los datos enviando un e-mail a privacy@dainese.com o escribiendo a la dirección postal de DAINESE S.p.A., Via Louvigny n. 35 – 36064 – Colceresa (VI), Italy.
11. Titular del tratamiento. Contactos
El titular del tratamiento de los datos personales de los usuarios es DAINESE S.p.A. con sede en Via Louvigny n. 35 - 36064 - Colceresa (VI) - Italia, código fiscal y número de IVA 03924090248.
Con el fin de supervisar el cumplimiento de la RPI y las leyes aplicables al tratamiento de datos personales por parte de Dainese, Dainese ha nombrado a un tercero, independiente, como delegado de protección de datos: el Sr. Luca De Muri, con domicilio en la sede social y al que se puede acceder a través de la dirección de correo electrónico privacy@dainese.com.
Si desea recibir más información sobre cómo DAINESE trata los Datos personales, escriba a: privacy@dainese.com o a la dirección de la sede legal de DAINESE.
Para conocer sus derechos y estar actualizados sobre la normativa en materia de protección de las personas sobre el tratamiento de los Datos personales, sugerimos que consulte la página web del Garante de la confidencialidad www.garanteprivacy.it.
12. Legislación aplicable
Esta política de privacidad está regulada por la legislación comunitaria (RGPD) e italiana, y en especial por el Código de Privacidad.
13. Modificaciones y actualizaciones de la Política de privacidad
DAINESE en cualquier momento podrá modificar o simplemente actualizar, total o parcialmente, la Política de privacidad teniendo en consideración también la modificación de las normas legales o de reglamente que protegen sus derechos. En la parte inferior de este documento se ha indicado la última versión de la Política de privacidad, que se aplica al tratamiento de los Datos personales desde la fecha que se indica en la misma. Las modificaciones y las actualizaciones de la Política de privacidad de la Página serán eficaces en cuanto se publiquen en la página, en esta sección. Los usuarios recibirán por correo electrónico el aviso de cualquier modificación aportada a esta Política de privacidad. En cualquier caso, se le invita a acceder con regularidad a esta sección para comprobar si hay versiones más recientes y actualizadas de la publicación de la política de privacidad del sitio.
POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDAD ver1 22.05.2018