http://polyfilatex.com/terms-use
Jump to navigation
You are hereHome › Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Introduction
Please carefully review the following terms and conditions of use (the “Terms”), which govern your access to and use of www.fila.com (the “Site”) on any computer, mobile phone, tablet, console or other device, which is operated by Fila Online, Inc. (“Fila”). Your use of the Site constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the Terms. These Site Terms do not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement you may have with Fila for products, services or otherwise.
Right to Modify Terms
Fila reserves the right to update or modify the Terms at any time without prior notice. Any changes or modification of the Terms will be effective immediately upon posting the revisions on the Site and shall apply to all use of the Site and all acts or omissions occurring after the effective date of the revised Site Terms. You waive any right you may have to receive specific notice of such changes or modifications. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes or modifications will confirm your acceptance of such changes or modifications. When we make changes, we will post them here. For these reasons, we encourage you to review the Terms whenever you use the Site. If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use the Site.
Permitted Uses
The Site may be used only for lawful purposes and is available only for your personal, noncommercial use, which shall be limited to viewing the Site, purchasing products, providing permitted information to the Site, and downloading product information for your personal review. You are responsible for your own communications, including the transmission, posting, and uploading of information and are responsible for the consequences of such communications to the Site.
Prohibited Uses
Fila specifically prohibits any misuse of the Site and requires all users to agree not to use the Site for any of the following:
Posting any information which is incomplete, false, inaccurate or not your own;
Changing or deleting any ownership notices from materials downloaded or printed from the Site;
Engaging in conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any city, state, national or international law or regulation that would fail to comply with accepted Internet protocol;
Impersonating a third party or otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with a third party or age;
Soliciting personal information from anyone under 18 or soliciting passwords or personally identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes;
Communicating, transmitting, or posting material that is copyrighted or otherwise owned by a third party unless you are the copyright owner or have the permission of the owner to post it;
Communicating, transmitting, or posting material that reveals trade secrets, unless you own them or have the permission of the owner;
Communicating, transmitting, or transferring (by any means) information or software derived from the Site to foreign countries or certain foreign nations in violation of Indonesia export control laws;
Using the Site in any unlawful manner or in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the Site;
Attempting to interfere in any way with the Site or Fila’s networks or network security, or attempting to use the Site’s service to gain unauthorized access to any other computer system;
Attempting to circumvent any content filtering techniques we may employ;
Attempting to access any service or area of the Site that you are not authorized to access;
Harvesting or collecting email addresses or other contact information of other users from the Site by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited emails or other unsolicited communications;
Using any robot, spider, crawler, scraper, interface, scripts, or other automated means to collect information or otherwise interact with the Site;
Engaging in any harassing, intimidating, predatory or stalking conduct; and
Using any metatags or any other "hidden text" utilizing "Fila" or any other name, trademark or product or service name of Fila or its subsidiaries without Fila’s prior written permission.
Right to Monitor and Terminate Use
Although Fila has no obligation to monitor any user conduct on the Site, Fila reserves the right, and has absolute discretion, to monitor any user conduct on the Site at any time and for any reason without notice.
Fila reserves the right, without notice and in its sole discretion, to terminate your license to use the Site, and to block or prevent your future access to and use of the Site. Any use of the Site in violation of these Terms may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the Site. These Terms remain in effect even if your account is terminated.
Privacy Policy
Your submission of personal information through the Site is governed by our privacy policy, which can be reached by clicking on the “Privacy Policy” link located in the footer section of the Site (the “Privacy Policy”). The Terms incorporates by reference the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy.
Right to Change Site
We reserve the right, at any time and in our sole discretion, to: modify, suspend or discontinue the Site or any service, content, feature or product offered through the Site, with or without notice; charge fees in connection with the use of the Site; modify and/or waive any fees charged in connection with the Site; and/or offer opportunities to some or all users of the Site. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Site, or any service, content, feature or product offered through the Site.
Site Contents and Limited License
Unless otherwise noted, the Site, and all materials on the Site, including text, images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips and other materials, and the copyrights, trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual property in such materials (collectively, the “Contents”), are owned, controlled or licensed by Fila Online, Inc., and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. Fila® and other Fila-owned trademarks or logos displayed on the Site are owned by Fila Luxembourg S.a.r.l. and are used under license.
The Site and the Contents are intended solely for personal, non-commercial use. You may only download or copy the Contents and other downloadable materials displayed on the Site for your personal use. No right, title or interest in any downloaded Content is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. You may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or exploit in any way any of the Contents or the Site.
Unless otherwise specified, the Site and the Contents are intended to promote Fila’s products and services available in the Indonesia. The Site is controlled and operated by PT Polyfilatex from its offices in Bandung, Indonesia.
The Content of this Site may include features that promote physical activity.  Consider the risks involved and consult with your medical professional before engaging in any physical activity.  Fila is not responsible or liable for any injuries or damages you may sustain that result from your use of, or inability to use, the features of the Site.
The Content of this Site does not constitute medical advice. You should consult your doctor before beginning any exercise, training or athletic program utilizing any product offered on this Site. Fila is not responsible for any medical or health problems that may result from your engaging in any activities described on the Site or from any information you obtain from the Site.
Security Rules
Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. Fila will investigate occurrences and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting any user or users who are involved in such violations. You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Site, including, without limitation, the following:
Accessing data not intended for you or logging into a Fila server or account, which you are not authorized to access;
Attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization (or succeeding in such an attempt);
Attempting to interfere or interfering with the operation of the Site, our provision of services to any other visitors to the Site, our hosting provider or our network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading, “flooding,” “mail bombing” or “crashing” the Site; or
Forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or transmission or posting on the Site.
User Submissions
Any and all information, including but not limited to feedback, data, questions, comments, suggestions, or ideas that you submit on the Site shall not be deemed confidential, and Fila will not have any obligation to keep such information confidential and will be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute the information to others without limitation or liability. All such submissions shall be deemed the property of Fila, and your submission of information shall constitute an irrevocable assignment to Fila of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in and to such information.
You agree that your submissions: (a) shall be true, accurate, current, complete and not misleading; (b) shall not violate the rights of any third party, including, but not limited to, intellectual property and proprietary rights; (c) shall not be fraudulent or involve counterfeit or stolen information or items; (d) shall not violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation; (e) shall not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any virus or malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Site; and (f) shall not create any liability for Fila.
Links to Other Websites and Services
The Site may contain links to other websites that are not under the control of Fila. Fila has no responsibility for the linked websites nor does linking constitute an endorsement of any linked website. Links are provided solely for the convenience and information of the Site‘s users.
User Created Hyperlinks to Site
Fila grants Users a limited, non-exclusive right to create a text hyperlink to the Site for noncommercial purposes, provided such link does not portray Fila or any of its products and services in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise defamatory manner and provided further that the linking site does not contain any adult or illegal material or any material that is offensive, harassing or otherwise objectionable. This limited right may be revoked at any time. You may not use a Fila logo or other proprietary graphic of Fila to link to the Site without the express written permission of Fila. Further, you may not use, frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any Fila trademark, logo or other proprietary information, including the images found at the Site, the content of any text or the layout/design of any page or form contained on a page on the Site without Fila's express written consent. Except as noted above, you are not conveyed any right or license by implication, estoppel or otherwise in or under any patent, trademark, copyright or proprietary right of Fila or any third party.
Fila makes no claim or representation regarding, and accepts no responsibility for, the quality, content, nature or reliability of third-party Web sites accessible by hyperlink from the Site, or Web sites linking to the Site. Such sites are not under the control of Fila and Fila is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any review, changes or updates to such sites. Fila provides these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply affiliation, endorsement or adoption by Fila of any site or any information contained therein. When you leave the Site, you should be aware that the Terms no longer govern. You should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any site to which you navigate from the Site.
Disclaimer
The materials on the Site are provided “as is” without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation, warranties of title, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of intellectual property. Fila expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise the materials on the Site, although Fila may modify the materials at any time without notice. Your use of the Site is at your sole risk, and you assume full responsibility for any costs associated with your use of the Site. Fila shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of the Site.
Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL FILA, ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OR CONTENT OR SERVICE PROVIDERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, LOSSES OR CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING FROM OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, OR THE PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE OR THE CONTENT AND MATERIALS OR FUNCTIONALITY ON OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE SITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF REVENUE, OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS, OR LOST BUSINESS, DATA OR SALES OR ANY OTHER TYPE OF DAMAGE, TANGIBLE OR INTANGIBLE IN NATURE, EVEN IF FILA OR ITS REPRESENTATIVE OR SUCH INDIVIDUAL HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, FILA’S LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID FOR THE PURCHASE OF PRODUCTS FROM THIS SITE.
FILA IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR THE CONDUCT OF, OR YOUR INTERACTIONS WITH, USERS OF THE SITE (WHETHER ONLINE OR OFFLINE), NOR IS FILA RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGE, INJURY, OR HARM ASSOCIATED THEREWITH.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THIS LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY SO SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Fila, its directors, officers, employees, agents and affiliates harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, in any way arising from, related to or in connection with your use of the Site, your violation of the Terms or the posting or transmission of any materials on or through the Site by you, including, but not limited to, any third party claim that any information or materials you provide infringes any third party proprietary rights.
Entire Agreement
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Fila and govern your use of the Site. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that are applicable to certain parts of the Site.
Headers
The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
Waiver
The waiver of any provision of the Terms shall not be considered a waiver of any other provision or of Fila’s right to require strict observance of each of the Terms herein.
Severability
If any provision of the Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid for any reason, that provision shall be severable, and all other provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
Termination
Fila may terminate these Terms and deny you access to the Site at any time, immediately and without notice if, in Fila’s sole discretion, you fail to comply with any provision of these Terms.
INDONESIA  (change country)
Sitemap
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
@ 2013 Fila Inc
View Mobile