https://popbridge.com/privacy_policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarHome
NetworkingNetworking
Electronics & ComponentsElectronics & Components
Computer SystemsComputer Systems
EFFECTIVE DATE 01/Sep/2017; UPDATED 18/Sep/2017.
PopBridge.com (“PopBridge,” “we,” “us”) respects your privacy, including the privacy of your information and your pictures. This Privacy Policy explains the type of information we collect through our website at popbridge.com (the “Site”) and our PopBridge software, and how we use this information to provide outstanding service to you.
By accessing and using the Site or other software or services owned or operated by PopBridge (collectively, the “Services”), you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Services.
If you feel that PopBridge is not abiding by this Privacy Policy, you should contact us at support@PopBridge.me and we will do our best to resolve your inquiry.
1. What Information does PopBridge collect?
We collect information from you when you register for the Services, including when you place an order, communicate with our staff, or subscribe to our mailing list. As appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, or credit card information.
PopBridge also collects non-personally identifiable information about how visitors use our web site; for example, PopBridge utilizes web analytics software to track, in aggregate, the number of unique views received by the pages of the web site, the domains from which users originate along with many other analytical data points. The PopBridge website may use “cookies,” clear GIFs, or similar technologies to track how users engage with our website. A cookie is a small data file that is placed on your computer’s hard drive by a web server when you visit a web site; each time you visit the website, your web browser sends information from the cookie back to the web server to facilitate identification of users or site visitors and to keep track of other information such as the date and time of your visit. Consult the “Help” portion of your browser toolbar for information on how to control or disable cookies.
Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer’s hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded on web pages and may not be disabled or controlled through your browser.
2. What Does PopBridge Use This Information For?
We use this information to process and verify transactions and orders, perform and improve customer service, and to send periodic communications to our customers.
For example, we may use the email address you provide to us to send you information pertaining to your order.
We may also send you information about PopBridge, related products or services, important notifications regarding your subscriptions or account, and other related information.
Historically, these have been quite rare as we respect your time as well as your privacy.
However, if at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails concerning offers, promotions, or other information related to marketing, you may do so from the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of our emails.
Due to the nature of the Services, we must reserve the right to send you certain other non-marketing communications related to the Services with PopBridge including via email.
We pledge to keep these limited to those communications that we feel are absolutely necessary, such as emergency notifications concerning the Services.
3. Does PopBridge Disclose Information to Outside Parties?
We will not sell or rent your personal information to any outside company.
Except as described below, we will not disclose your personal information to outside parties.
Third Party Service Providers.
We may share aggregate or non-personally identifiable information about users with outside parties.
It may be necessary, at times, to share certain personal information with trusted third parties who assist us in conducting our business or providing our services.
These companies are authorized to use information only as necessary to provide services to us.
Law Enforcement; Emergencies; Compliance. PopBridge may disclose personal information in the following situations as we believe to be appropriate, even though you might have requested that we not share your information: (i) under applicable law; (ii) to comply with legal process; (iii) to respond to governmental requests, including requests from law enforcement and regulatory authorities; (iv) to enforce our terms and conditions; (v) to protect our operations; (vi) to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of PopBridge, you, or others; and (vii) to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
For example, we may, to the fullest extent the law allows, disclose personal information to law enforcement agencies and regulatory authorities to assist them in identifying individuals who have been or may be engaged in unlawful activities.
Assignment. We reserve the right to transfer personal information to a new entity or third party as part of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of some or all of our assets, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including without limitation in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). We will notify you via email or prominent notice on our web site if the third party’s or new entity’s treatment of personal information will materially differ from the treatment described in this Privacy Policy; this notice will be provided at least thirty (30) days before such material changes take effect.
4. What About the Privacy of my Computer while running PopBridge software on my PC?
The PopBridge software gathers and sends us certain information about the performance and reliability of the software in or to allow us to improve the software.
Personal data and information (“Personal Identifiable Information” or “PII”) refers to information that can be used to identify a living individual.
When you interact with PopBridge on your PC we may maintain a partial or full record about some or all of the following types of personally identifiable information (PII):
Your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address
Device ID – Hostname, MAC or UUID
Date and time, country, geographic location based on Wi-Fi/communications network local information.
When we obtain PII from you, we treat such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws.
By installing or using our PopBridge Products, you hereby agree with our collection and use of your PII as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
5. Terms of Service
Please also visit our EULA (End User License Agreement) section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website and the Services here.
Your use of the Services, as well as any dispute over privacy, is subject to this Policy and our EULA.
6. Your Consent
By using the Services, you consent to our Privacy Policy.
7. Correcting and Updating Your Personal Information
To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, log into your PopBridge account here: //www.PopBridge.me/login
8. Protecting the Privacy of Children
Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of eighteen (18) and are not directed at such children.
Please do not register at PopBridge if you are under the age of eighteen (18).
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen (13).
9. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If this policy is updated, we will post changes on this page and update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected from you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on the Site.
This policy was last modified on 18/Sep/2017.
10. Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact PopBridge here or at support@PopBridge.com.
Primary SidebarNew Posts
A wireless router is an electronic gadget that transmits and receives information from your web to your gadgets. It is not the Internet or WiFi. It merely enables us to … [Read More...] about Top 10 Best Wireless Routers of 2020 for Cable-Free Internet ConnectionWhen deciding to buy a projector, there are a lot of factors to consider such as the brightness, overall resolution, and what type of throw it can give whether it is a … [Read More...] about Short Throw vs. Long Throw Projectors: What’s the Difference?Wi-Fi hotspots provide a hassle-free method to maintain your laptop or pc, tablet, and also all other linked gadgets on the internet sharing without exhausting your … [Read More...] about 5 Best Portable Wi-Fi Hotspots for Internet Sharing in 2020You don’t need to pay monthly cable modem box fees and even get faster connections and stable cable and internet when you have your very own cable modem Wi-Fi router … [Read More...] about NETGEAR Nighthawk AC1900: Best Cable Modem Wi – Fi Router ComboFor IT students always confused with the word "hub, bridge, switch and router". So today we come up the meaning of the difference between hub, bridge, switch and router … [Read More...] about Difference Between Hub, Bridge, Switch and RouterTravel anywhere around the world and still get fast and reliable wireless internet using the TP-Link N300 Wireless Wi-Fi Nano Travel Router. Enjoy a quick and secure … [Read More...] about TP – Link N300 Wireless Portable Mini Travel Wi-Fi Router ReviewLaser cutting machine makes use of a thermal process that effectively melts different types of materials in a localized area. The laser machine can either cut or … [Read More...] about How to Use Laser Cutting Machine
Categories
Computer Systems
Electronics & Components
Networking
Router
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Contact Us