https://portablesink.com/privacy-policy/
Why Choose Monsam
Products
Accessories
Childcare Portable Sinks
Coffee Cart with Portable Sink
Commercial Portable Sinks
1 2 3 or 4 Basin Portable Sinks
One Basin Sinks
Two Basin Sinks
Three Basin Sinks
Four Basin Sinks
Medical Sink Cabinet
Mobile Kitchen
Mobile Science Lab
NSF Certified Portable Sinks
Portable Eyewash Station
Portable Handwashing Sink
Portable Shampoo Sinks
Portable Sink Trailer
Portable Sinks on Clearance
Propane Portable Sinks
Spa Portable Sinks
Stainless Steel Portable Sinks
Accessories
Beauty Deluxe Oak Wood Arm Reclining Shampoo Chair with Adjustable Leg rest
A-268
Cutting Board
Model: A-105
Drain Board
Model: A-115
Drinking Fountain
Model: A-117
Electric Foot Switch
Model: A-103
Fresh Water Tank Refill Connection – Model: A-107
Folding Cart
Model: A-114
Fresh Water Tank
Model: A-108
Garden Hose Connector
Model: A-102
Motion Sensor
Model: A-101
Over Flow Indicator
Model: A-229
Quick Flow Automatic Faucet Control
Model: A-116
Sink Waterproof Cover
Model: A-218
Soap Dispenser
Model: A-104
Sprayer
Model: A-227
The PowerWheel
Model: powerwheel
Waste Water Tank
Model: A-109
Water Filter
Model: A-219
Water Tanks
Model: SKU00001
Clearance
Custom Design
Gallery
Finance
FAQ
Contact Us
Login/Register
Reviews
Home » Privacy Policy
Rest assured, your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
You may visit our site anonymously at any time. When ordering on our site however, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize
your experience your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs
To improve our website
we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you
To improve customer service
your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs
To process transactions initiated by you
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order.
We offer the use of PayPal. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers’ hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers’ systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use Cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and understand and save your preferences for future visits.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at any time by logging into their account panel and going to the ‘Edit Profile’ page.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), We do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at https://www.portablesink.com/shipping
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on June 06, 2012
MONSAM Portable Sinks
Why Choose MonsamProducts
Accessories Childcare Portable Sinks Coffee Cart with Portable Sink Commercial Portable Sinks 1 2 3 or 4 Basin Portable Sinks
One Basin Sinks Two Basin Sinks Three Basin Sinks Four Basin Sinks
Medical Sink Cabinet Mobile Kitchen Mobile Science Lab NSF Certified Portable Sinks Portable Eyewash Station Portable Handwashing Sink Portable Shampoo Sinks Portable Sink Trailer Portable Sinks on Clearance Propane Portable Sinks Spa Portable Sinks Stainless Steel Portable Sinks
Accessories
Beauty Deluxe Oak Wood Arm Reclining Shampoo Chair with Adjustable Leg rest
A-268 Cutting Board
Model: A-105 Drain Board
Model: A-115 Drinking Fountain
Model: A-117 Electric Foot Switch
Model: A-103 Fresh Water Tank Refill Connection – Model: A-107 Folding Cart
Model: A-114 Fresh Water Tank
Model: A-108 Garden Hose Connector
Model: A-102 Motion Sensor
Model: A-101 Over Flow Indicator
Model: A-229 Quick Flow Automatic Faucet Control
Model: A-116 Sink Waterproof Cover
Model: A-218 Soap Dispenser
Model: A-104 Sprayer
Model: A-227 The PowerWheel
Model: powerwheel Waste Water Tank
Model: A-109 Water Filter
Model: A-219 Water Tanks
Model: SKU00001
ClearanceCustom DesignGalleryFinanceFAQContact UsLogin/RegisterReviews