https://powerside.com/website-terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Standard Terms and Conditions of Sale
Download our Standard Terms and Conditions of Sale.
Terms and Use for Software and Services
Download our Terms and Use for Software and Services.
Powerside Equipment Warranty
Download our Equipment Warranty.
Website Terms and Conditions
Welcome to the website of
Power Survey Ltd. & Power Standard Labs (DBA Powerside). By using our
website, you agree on behalf of yourself and the entity you represent, to
comply with the terms and conditions of use which are set out below and by our
‘Privacy Policy’. Certain areas of this site are restricted to customers or
potential customers of Powerside and the use of these areas may be subject to
additional terms of usage which are posted elsewhere and govern particular
features and applications. If you do not wish to abide by these Terms and Conditions,
please leave this site immediately.
Any disputes arising from the use of this site shall be governed exclusively by the laws of the Province of Quebec and the applicable laws of Canada. The user expressly consents to this exclusive forum, jurisdiction, and venue of the courts of Quebec.
Disclaimer
Powerside will use reasonable efforts to include accurate and up to date
information on this site but makes no representations or warranties of any
kind, either express or implicit, including but not limited to performance,
fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or with respect to the
accuracy, currency or completeness of the information provided. As laws and
regulations are continually changing and can only be interpreted in light of
particular factual situations, nothing herein shall to any extent substitute
for the independent investigations and business judgment of the reader.
This site is provided as
a service to its users and Powerside reserves the right to modify or delete its
content at any time without prior notice. As you are bound by any such
revisions you should therefore periodically visit this page to review the
current terms and conditions.
The information on this
site is intended to provide general information and guidance (on matters of
interest) to the reader. The content herein should not be interpreted as
providing a professional opinion or advice. As such it should not be used as a
substitute for consultation. For detailed information specific to your
situation and requirements, please contact a Powerside representative.
Powerside or any of its affiliates, directors, officers, employees or other representatives will not be liable for any damages or injuries resulting from access to or the inability to access or reliance upon the information provided on this website. Nor will Powerside be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, punitive or other damages arising out of your use of this website or any errors or omissions in the content thereof, including, without limitation, lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or other data.
Powerside shall not be
liable for any damages resulting from or caused by any part of the content of
this website.
Status of Links
For your convenience and
information, we have provided you with links to other websites. Powerside
declines all responsibility for the content of any such other site(s) and makes
no representations, warranty or assurance regarding the comprehensiveness,
currency or accuracy of their content. When you decide to leave this site and
access a third-party site, you do so with full knowledge of this fact and agree
to assume the risks inherent in doing so.
Use of Site
You may view and download
the information on this site only for your own personal, non-commercial or
educational use. Any other use, modification or duplication of this website or
its contents in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of
Powerside is prohibited and then only in such a way that the source and
intellectual property rights are acknowledged. For permission to reproduce any
content of this website for any public or commercial purpose, please e-mail us
at marketing@powerside.com.
This site is protected by copyright. Therefore, you may not post, upload, publish, reproduce, transmit or otherwise distribute information or other material on it without first obtaining permission of the copyright holder. You may not otherwise use this site in a manner that is contrary to law or etiquette or which would adversely impact the use of the site by others.
Copyright
The material contained in this website is protected by the copyright laws of Canada and international law. It is owned by Powerside, Power Standards Lab, or Power Survey together with any other intellectual property in such material unless otherwise indicated. All rights reserved.