https://poweredaire.com/privacy-policy
Targeting Cookies
These cookies are usually placed by third-party advertising networks, which may use information about your website visits to develop a profile of your interests. This information may be shared with other advertisers and/or websites to deliver more relevant advertising to you across multiple websites. If you do not allow these cookies, visits to this website will not be shared with advertising partners and will not contribute to targeted advertising on other websites.
I Agree
Powered Aire has joined the battle against COVID-19. Introducing the UVC-Aire, a UVC-light-infused air curtain designed to kill airborne pathogens.
Click Here
News
Marketing Literature
Company
Contact
Air Curtains
Commercial
Industrial Air Curtains
Specialty Air Curtains
Applications
Cold Storage
Entertainment Venues
Hazardous and Corrosive Environment
Hospitals and Healthcare
Manufacturing and Warehouses
Restaurants and Food Service
Retail Store
Transportation Terminal
University Institution
Installations
Support
Tools
Air Curtain Selector
Cost Savings Calculator
Articles
Contact
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, fill out a form or
visit our website or web portals. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked
to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site
anonymously. When you visit our website, for protection and logging purposes, your IP address may be logged
by: our server log, any forms used on the site & any 3rd party services we utilize for remarketing and
advertising purposes. We do not rent or sell this information; it is used solely for advertising and
technical troubleshooting purposes. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and
other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and
content network privacy policy.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience Your information helps us to better respond to your
individual needs.
To improve our website We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the
information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your
customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold,
exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason not covered under this policy, without
your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails The email address you provide may be used to send you information,
respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of layered and other security measures to maintain the safety of your personal
information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive
through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize
your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to understand and save your
preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic
and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract
with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service
providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and
improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business,
or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release
your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies,
or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor
information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website.
These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility
or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the
integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not
collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all
directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information
collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Opt-Out
You can opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting Google's Ads Settings or opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting
the Network Advertising
Initiative opt-out page.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 06.29.2019