https://powerside.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Power
Survey Ltd. & Power Standard Labs (DBA Powerside) recognizes that
protecting privacy is everyone’s concern. For this reason, Powerside is
committed to keeping its clients’ information confidential. Any information
provided by visitors to this website will not be disclosed to a third party
except as may be required for the provision of services or for legal or
regulatory purposes.
Information Collection and Use
Powerside
sometimes collects information of a general nature which may include, but is
not restricted to, your internet service provider’s domain name, type of
browser and operating system used, the date/time and the pages viewed. Such
information may be aggregated for technical analysis and diagnostics, or to
measure site usage and improve our service.
In
order to use certain areas of this website, Powerside may require information
which is of a more personal nature including such elements as name, e-mail
address, company, telephone number and the like. Such data will only be
collected with your consent and may be used to provide you with additional
services, product offerings or to send news in areas of potential interest to you.
Powerside
may use cookies to provide a more personalized or customized service to match
your needs. If you do not wish cookies to be used, your browser’s options may
be set to refuse cookies. However, if you do not accept cookies some of the
available features, we offer may not be accessible to you.
As
the sole owner of the information collected on this website, Powerside shall
take all reasonable and necessary precautions to ensure that personal data
remains confidential. Powerside will not sell, rent or dispose of in any
manner, this information to third parties except as disclosed in this policy or
agreed upon individually in a separate agreement.
Powerside
reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy when appropriate and without
prior notice. We, therefore, encourage you to refer to this policy on a regular
basis. Your use of this site constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy.
Any questions, complaints or comments on Powerside’s Privacy Policy, should be
addressed to marketing@powerside.com.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on November 5, 2019.