https://ppsapparel.com/privacy-statement/
Search
Home
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Information Collection and UsePPS Apparel LLC (hereafter referred to as "PPS") is the owner of the information collected on PPSAPPAREL.COM. We will not sell or share this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.Personal InformationAt any time you may visit PPSAPPAREL.COM without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. We do not have access to personally identifiable information related to visitors, unless they have a sign-on account previously set up with us. We may place cookies on visitors hard drives to collect aggregate generic information about the number of visitors to our website and pages viewed. This information is used for analysis of traffic at our site only. To do internal research and to better understand and serve our customers, we may automatically track certain information about your behavior on our site. Information collected may include the URL address you visited just before coming to our site, the URL you leave our site to visit, your type of browser and your IP address.  The data is reviewed and analyzed on a collective basis and will not be linked to the identity of any individual person.There may be times however when we will need information from you. Our intention is to make it apparent when we are collecting personal information from you on the web. You can always choose not to provide information, even though it may be necessary to take advantage of certain features.CookiesA cookie is a piece of data sent from a website to your browser and stored on your hard drive for future reference.  We may use cookies to store information previously provided by you to our site, so that you do not need to re-enter this information each time you shop with us. If you reject the cookie, you may still use our site. However, since Cookies also enable us to track your interests to enhance the experience on our site, rejection of the cookie can take away from the site's performance.Companies that may advertise on our site may also use cookies. We have no access to, or control over, these cookies.  Similarly, advertisers have no access to the information stored on our cookies. We do not access cookies stored on your hard drive from other sites.SharingPPS will send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when at least one of the following conditions is met.
When we need to share your information to provide the product or service you requested. For example, when we need to drop-ship requested products directly to you from one of our suppliers, and/or a credit card processing company is used to bill for goods and services. These companies do not share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
When we respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process.
When we have your oral or written consent to share the information.
We may share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This information will not be linked to the identity of any individual person.LinksPPSAPPAREL.COM contains links to other sites. PPS is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by PPSAPPAREL.COM.Security / Control of Your InformationWe will make a sincere effort to respond to your requests to correct personal information inaccuracies efficiently.ChildrenPPSAPPAREL.COM does not sell products for purchase by children. Some of the products we sell, while designed for use by children, are intended for purchase by adults. If you have accessed this site and are under 18, you may only use PPSAPPAREL.COM with the involvement of your parent or guardian.Credit Card Information - Secure Shopping Cart CheckoutWe protect sensitive payment and contact information as it moves from your browser to our secure servers with 128 Bit SSL Encryption.Notification of Changes; Conditions of UsePPS may change, amend or update this Privacy Policy upon prior notice posted on this page of PPSAPPAREL.COM. If we make any changes that may substantially affect our use of your personal information, we will notify you through a prominent posting on our website. If you do not agree with the changes, amendments or updates, you may request that your personal information be removed from our database as described above. If you choose to visit PPSAPPAREL.COM, your visit and any dispute over privacy is governed by this Notice and the APPAREL TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
OK