https://practice-transitions.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy:Practice Transitions ("Practice Transitions") operates practice-transitions.com and may operate other websites. It is Practice Transitions' policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Practice Transitions collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Practice Transitions' purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Practice Transitions' visitors use its website. From time to time, Practice Transitions may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Practice Transitions also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on practice-transitions.com blogs/sites. Practice Transitions only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Practice Transitions' websites choose to interact with Practice Transitions in ways that require Practice Transitions to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Practice Transitions gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at practice-transitions.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Practice Transitions are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Practice Transitions collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Practice Transitions. Practice Transitions does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Practice Transitions may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Practice Transitions may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Practice Transitions does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Practice Transitions discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Practice Transitions' behalf or to provide services available at Practice Transitions' websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Practice Transitions' websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Practice Transitions will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Practice Transitions discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Practice Transitions believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Practice Transitions, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Practice Transitions website and have supplied your email address, Practice Transitions may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Practice Transitions and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Practice Transitions takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Practice Transitions uses cookies to help Practice Transitions identify and track visitors, their usage of Practice Transitions website, and their website access preferences. Practice Transitions visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Practice Transitions' websites, with the drawback that certain features of Practice Transitions' websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Practice Transitions, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Practice Transitions goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Practice Transitions may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Practice Transitions and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Practice Transitions may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Practice Transitions' sole discretion. Practice Transitions encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a practice-transitions.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search for:
Search
Recent Posts
Things To Know Before You Invest In Real Estate
We’ll Answer Your Pressing Questions About Real Estate Investing Today
Thinking About Investing In Real Estate? Read This
Real Estate Investing Isn’t Too Hard To Learn About
Discussing Real Estate Investing, Read This Article To Learn It All
Archives
May 2019
August 2017
June 2017
April 2017
January 2017
HousingWireYun: fewer people will work from home after pandemicJetClosing expands to Austin housing marketAirbnb more than doubles in market debutHousing industry welcomes
Fudge as next HUD secretaryHow to gain more listing visibility in a shifting housing marketFirst-time homebuyers fueling hot Des Moines housing marketWolters Kluwer GRC acquires eOriginalCredit risk transfers are key to GSEs’ exit strategyBehavioral shopping data signals purchase intent 100 days prior to credit triggerThe secondary market comes to the rescue…again