http://pranasleep.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Close menu
Explore Collections
PranaSleep
Karma
Om
Organics
Lotus
Reviews
About Us
Our Story
Our Process
The PranaSleep Blog
Videos
Shop
PranaSleep
Karma
Om
Organics
Lotus
Pillows & Linens
Adjustable Foundations
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Cart
translation missing: en.cart.general.close
Free U.S. domestic shipping on PranaSleep mattresses and mattress sets
"Close"
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is of great importance to us. As a user of this web site, you are valued by us and we are committed to protecting the personally identifiable information that you provide to us or that is otherwise collected from you on this site ("Personal Information"). This privacy policy outlines how we will treat any Personal Information collected from you when using our site.
Collection of Personal Information
The Personal Information that we collect consists of voluntarily submitted information (including information submitted during a request for additional information), IP addresses, and cookies. An IP address is a unique identifier that is assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We may use IP addresses for systems administration or for collecting certain aggregate information. We use "cookies" to store and sometimes track your preferences in order to provide you with customized and personalized services. A cookie is data sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer hard drive. Cookies make your web experience easier by storing passwords and preferences and are used by most Internet web sites. You can adjust your browser settings to refuse all cookies or to inform you when a cookie is being placed on your hard drive. However, your election not to accept cookies may diminish your experience with the site.
Use of the Personal Information
We use Personal Information to:
Provide you with information you request concerning our products and services.
Provide you with our products and services themselves to inform you of additional PranaSleep productsand services that may be of interest to you.
Provide you with more personalized communication and site usage.
PranaSleep may also use Personal Information for purposes of compiling aggregate information on the use ofthe Site, but such information will not be identifiable to you.
Disclosure of Personal Information
WE WILL NOT DISCLOSE, SELL, TRADE, OR RENT PERSONAL INFORMATION WITHOUT YOUR PRIOR CONSENT, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE YOU WITH A REQUESTED PRODUCT OR SERVICE In certain rare circumstances, we may be compelled by law to disclose your Personal Information, such as in connection with a lawsuit or other legal proceeding. In the event disclosure is required, we will use reasonable efforts to try to secure confidential treatment of the disclosed Personal Information.
Children's Personal Information
We do not knowingly collect information from children. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage. Also, we strongly encourage parents to help us enforce our privacy policy by instructing their children to never provide Personal Information to this site without their permission.
Links to Third Sites
We may provide you with links to the web sites of third parties whose services and/or information may be of interest to you. We are not, however, responsible for the content, maintenance or privacy policies of those sites and expressly disclaim all liability for any use of such sites.
User Access to Personal Information
If you desire access to your own Personal Information, to correct existing Personal Information, or to remove your Personal Information, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
Protection of Information
We strictly protect the security of your Personal Information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure or destruction. Please contact us if you if you have any questions about the security of your Personal Information.
User Agreement
By using the site, you consent and agree to our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time and will notify you of any such changes by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the site. You have the obligation to review changes in the Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the site constitutes your agreement to be bound by such changes to the Privacy Policy. Your only remedy, if you do not accept the terms of the Privacy Policy, is to discontinue use of the site.
"Close (esc)"