https://precisionzone.com/terms/
HOMEELECTRONIC REPAIRAC & DC DrivesPower SuppliesIndustrial DisplaysIndustrial ControlsCNC BoardsFeedback DevicesMOTOR REPAIRAC & DC Motor ServicesFeedback RepairPRODUCTSProduct CatalogProduct SearchPROJECTSSUPPORTRepair ProcessFAQFormsShipping InstructionsABOUTAbout UsTermsOur BlogCareersContact UsMX
MenuHOMEELECTRONIC REPAIRAC & DC DrivesPower SuppliesIndustrial DisplaysIndustrial ControlsCNC BoardsFeedback DevicesMOTOR REPAIRAC & DC Motor ServicesFeedback RepairPRODUCTSProduct CatalogProduct SearchPROJECTSSUPPORTRepair ProcessFAQFormsShipping InstructionsABOUTAbout UsTermsOur BlogCareersContact UsMX
START SEARCH
PZ STORE
Our Policies
Terms & Conditions Of Service Warranty Returns PrivacyPrecision Zone warrants at the time of shipment, new and used products sold by Precision Zone shall be free from defects in materials and workmanship. Precision Zone warrants that for a period of six (6) months on most products sold or serviced and for a period of twelve (12) months on parts and labor on Motor serviced items from the date of shipment.Products that have failed during the warranty period must be returned to Precision Zone for inspection and repair (See Product Repair & Return Policy). If any product or part is found by Precision Zone to be defective, Precision Zone will, at its sole discretion and as Buyer’s exclusive remedy, either repair, replace or return the purchase price paid to Precision Zone; provided that the subject product is used under normal conditions for which it was designed and installed, operated and maintained in accordance with Precision Zone' instructions and in accordance with generally accepted industrial practices. Precision Zone will not be responsible for unauthorized repairs to any products, even if defective. Precision Zone shall not be responsible for any products which have been altered, abused, misused, or improperly installed or repaired, or for any loss, damage, defect, claim or non-performance resulting from or attributable to Buyer's specifications.Products repaired or replaced during the warranty period shall be covered by the foregoing warranty for the remainder of the original warranty period or thirty (30) days from date of the repair or shipment of the replacement, whichever is longer. Precision Zone warrants, for a period of thirty (30) days, that services shall be performed in a workmanlike manner. Buyer’s sole remedy for a breach of this service warranty is limited to further service or a refund or credit of amounts paid by Buyer, at Seller’s option.Where Buyer orders non-stock products Precision Zone will, to the extent permitted, pass through to Buyer any warranty of the manufacturer. As to such items, Buyer’s sole remedy for breach of warranty shall be the remedy offered by and available from the manufacturer, if any.The above warranty is in lieu of and excludes all other warranties, whether implied, statutory or otherwise arising under applicable law. Buyer’s exclusive remedy shall be at the sole election of Precision Zone of repair, replacement, or return of the purchase price or fee paid to Precision Zone for, the particular defective product or service. Buyer shall be without remedy with respect to products which have been tampered with, altered, modified or reworked by any party not authorized by Precision Zone.In no event shall Precision Zone be liable for any special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages, without limitations for loss of revenues, damage to buyer’s equipment or expenses resulting from “down time” whether or not caused by the negligence of Precision Zone repairs.This policy defines the conditions under which authorized Buyers of Precision Zone may return products for warranty and non-warranty repair. This policy applies to eligible products sold by Precision Zone. By requesting a Return Material Authorization (RMA) number and returning the product or returning the product for repair shall be deemed Buyer’s acceptance of the Product Return & Repair Policy.RETURN REQUIREMENTSReturn Material Authorization (RMA) - All Precision Zone products for Repair & Return require a pre-approved RMA number.Required Information – Buyer requesting warranty or non-warranty repair must complete all sections of the Return & Repair Request form.Buyer’s Responsibility to Validate Warranty Time Period – Warranty claim must be received by Precision Zone within the warranty period. Buyer is responsible for supplying purchasing information (original purchase order/invoice number & date issued) to permit Precision Zone to determine the warranty period for the product. Warranty Exchange/Repair will not be issued if warranty time cannot be validated.Exchange Purchase Order/Exchange Purchase Authorization – All warranty exchange requests are required to have an authorized & valid Buyer Exchange Purchase Order number or Exchange Purchase Authorization. Warranty Exchanges will not be issued without purchase order or purchase authorization documentation. Failed unit must be received within 15 days of Exchange Purchase Authorization.Shipping & Handling – Buyer is responsible for properly packaging and shipping products for Return, Repair & Exchange.WARRANTY REPAIR & RETURNProduct Returned for Warranty Repair – All products are subject to the terms of their respective original Warranty Agreements. Precision Zone shall make the final determination as to the application of warranty. Products requiring repair and found to be within Warranty will be repaired/replaced and returned without charge and freight prepaid at standard ground shipping (does not include customs and duties). Precision Zone is not responsible for any loss or damage in transit.Product Warranty Exchange – Buyers requiring exchange of warranted product will be invoiced for the cost of replacement product. Buyers will receive full credit for the replacement product if:Defective Core product is returned within 30 days of receiving exchange replacement product;Defective Core product is within warranty claim period;Defective Core product was not misused, modified, neglected, improperly installed, was subject to excessive physical & electrical stress or operated under abnormal or improper environmental conditions;Buyer provides pertinent diagnostic information to validate warranty.Replacement Product Credit will be issued as follows to Buyers who meet all requirements for replacement product credit:Buyers with pre-approved credit terms - Precision Zone will issue a credit memo against previously invoiced product replacement cost;Credit Card or cash Buyers – Precision Zone will issue check refund.RETURN AND EXCHANGE PROCEDUREContact Precision Zone at (847) 465-9060 for RMA number;Complete Request Form;For Warranty Exchange, provide Precision Zone with Purchase Order Number or Purchase Authorization;Email form to support@precisionzone.com;Correctly package item to prevent shipping damages;RMA number must be clearly listed on the shipping label, carton packing slip and customer document (or use provided preprinted self adhesive RMA stickers).Ship all returns to:Precision ZoneRMA #####100 Chaddick Drive Drive,Wheeling, IL 60090P:(847) 465-9060RETURN AND EXCHANGE CLOSINGAll RMA claims will close 30 days from RMA issue date. Defective products not returned within 30 days from the exchange product shipping date, will not be eligible for credit after the exchange closing.At Precision Zone, we understand your concerns about privacy. We hope that this notice, which describes our use and protection of nonpublic personal information (“customer information”), will help you understand how we treat the customer information that we obtain from you or other sources in the course of providing you with products and services. We want you to know that Precision Zone respects your privacy and protects your information.We do not sell your customer information.We do not share customer information with persons, companies, or organizations outside of Precision Zone that would use that information to contact you about their own products and services.E-mail messages are not secure. Our security software does not encrypt e-mail messages. E-mail messages traveling through the Internet are subject to viewing, alteration, and copying by potentially anyone on the Internet.We take seriously the issue of safeguarding your privacy online. However, please note that you should exercise discretion with respect to the submission of any personal or financial information via e-mail. Please keep in mind that transmitting information via e-mail over the Internet is never completely secure and thus any information submitted may be intercepted, collected, used or disclosed by others. If you are concerned about the security of your communication, we encourage you to send your correspondence through the postal service or use the telephone to speak directly to us. We are not responsible for the security or confidentiality of communications you send to us through the Internet using e-mail messages.We hope you have found this Important Notice helpful. Please be aware that we may periodically update or revise this Privacy Statement. If we change our online Privacy Statement, we will post a notice on our homepage notifying users that the policy has been revised. If you have any questions or would like more information, please don’t hesitate to contact us at Precision Zone.
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
Linkedin
Youtube
LINKS
About Us
Blog
Careers
Contact Us
Sitemap DISCLAIMERSPrecision Zone, Inc. is not affiliated with, nor is an authorized distributor or representative of any manufacturer, brand or product listed on this web site, with the exception of those clearly identified as such. Designated trademarks, brand names and brands, appearing herein, are the property of their respective owners.AFFILIATIONSPrecision Zone is a proud member of:
Copyright © 2019 Precision Zone, Inc. All Rights Reserved.