https://prestopets.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Home / Terms and Conditions
About UsPrestopets has over 40 years experience of importing and distributing ornamental fish. Our trained staff are always on hand with expert advice and provide a tailored service to every customer.We also offer competitive and efficient wholesale, factor and consolidation rates for coldwater fish and tropical fish.Prestopets uses extensive industry knowledge to buy a wide variety of stock from around the world. We use the best sources of supply available and keep a large range of fish in our stocking facility.Many of our fish are tested at independent laboratories in the UK and overseas. Regular checks are also carried out by CEFAS at point of import and at the Prestopets facility.
OrderingMaking a purchase could not be easier. Just browse our store, and add any items that you wish to buy into the shopping cart. After you have finished your selection, click on ‘Checkout’ and you will be asked for a few details that we need to be able to complete the order.We accept Visa and MasterCard. We do not charge for any item until it is ready to ship. Backordered items are not charged until they are shipped. If you do not wish to pay online, you may send your card information via phone, fax or by post.If you have made a mistake in your order and cannot correct it in the shopping cart, contact us and we will correct the mistake.When confirmation of your order is received, this is to indicate that we have received your order. It does not indicate that a contract exists between us. We will indicate acceptance of your order, and hence a contract between us, when we send you an invoice. We have included this term to protect us in the case that a mistake has been made in pricing, we have inadvertently under-priced goods, or we are no longer able to supply a particular product for some reason. In the case of a change of price, we will always contact you first to ensure that the price is acceptable.
Shipping and Handling We offer nationwide delivery, along with own van and driver delivery within London and the Home Counties.Delivery is FREE for ALL fish and plant orders over £125(Whether own van or carrier any order less that £125 will incur a £15 carriage charge. Every delivered order is also subject to a £4.50 fuel/ packing supplement). CAUTION: We recommend you follow the OATA code of conduct. Isolate all new fish arrivals. Only introduce to existing stock once you are completely satisfied with the well being of your new fish. Note – even apparently healthy fish may become sick if not cared for correctly. For helpful information visit www.ornamentalfish.org. Standard terms and conditionsOUR FULL TERMS AND CONDITIONS ARE AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST AND ARE ALSO PRINTED ON THE BACK OF EACH INVOICE E & O.E VISA ACCEPTED.We are O.F.I. and O.A.T.A. (levy payer) & Pet Care Trust members.
Tax ChargesFor orders made from the UK or the European Union, 20% VAT is added. All other orders are VAT free.
Reaching UsIf you need to reach us, please email us using the link on the store page, alternatively, you can call on 01992 522421/523254 (International +44 01992 522421/523254) or fax us on 01992 522559 or write to us at Kents Lane North Weald Essex CM16 6AX United Kingdom
Privacy PolicyPrestopets Ltd do not disclose buyers’ information to third parties other than when order details are processed as part of the order fulfilment. In this case, the third party will not disclose any of the details to any other third party.Cookies are used on this shopping site where they are strictly necessary for the site functionality. They are used to aid navigation, and to keep track of the contents of your shopping cart. If you log in to an account, your logged-in status is recorded in a temporary cookie. If you select the ‘Remember Me’ Option in the checkout, a cookie will be used to remember your details. You can turn off cookies by blocking them in your browser Privacy settings. If you turn off cookies, you will be unable to place orders or benefit from the other features that use them.Data collected by this site is used to:a. Take and fulfil customer orders.b. Administer and enhance the site and service.c. Only disclose information to third-parties for goods delivery purposes.
This is our new website. If you are an existing customer and cannot login then please contact us at fishorders@prestopets.co.uk Dismiss
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok