https://pressroomequipment.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar
Call us now:
(800) 688-2645
Get A Quote
Search for:
Parts Request
Automation and Robotics Solutions
Menu
Home Solutions
Automation & Robotics Press Feed Systems Powered & Pull-Thru Straighteners Coil Handling Equipment Pallet Decoilers PRE Coil Upenders PRE Cut-To-Length Machines PRE Cleat Machines Waddington Precision High Speed Servo Feeds High Speed Close Coupling Line Custom Solutions Catalog Downloads
In-Stock
Reels Servo Feeds Straighteners Un-Coilers
Brands
Press Room Equipment Co. Norwalk Innovation Waddington Electronics
About Us
Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
Why Press Room News Videos Careers Contact
OUR BRANDS
Home
Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy discloses the online privacy practices for Press Room Equipment Company and its affiliates (collectively, “Press Room Equipment Company”) and applies to the information we collect through http://www.pressroomequipment.com (the “Site”). By accessing and/or using the Site, you are consenting to the collection, storage, and disclosure of data as described in this Privacy Policy. Press Room Equipment Company reserves the right, at any time, to modify, alter, update, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy. We will post any changes to this Policy on this page so you can readily review the most current version. We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the bottom of this Privacy Policy the date it was last updated. YOUR IP ADDRESS An Internet Protocol (IP) address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer every time you browse the Internet. When a user requests a page from the Site, our servers log the user’s current IP address. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer the Site. COOKIES The Site is developed using PHP, and we use per-session “cookies” (pieces of data your browser stores in your computer’s memory at Press Room Equipment Company’s request) to establish user sessions on our server. We use the cookies to carry information about usage from page to page through the Site. Press Room Equipment Company does not use cookies to retrieve personal information about you from your computer. Most browsers are set up to accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser settings to refuse them. If you disable cookies, your browser may experience some erratic behavior on some portions of the Site. SUBMISSION INFORMATION When you submit a request through the Site, we will ask you to provide a variety of information, including, without limitation, your company’s name and contact information, a description of your project, and possibly budgetary information. When you request to receive updates from us, we will ask you to provide a variety of information, including, without limitation, your name, your email address, and the name of your organization. Press Room Equipment Company reserves the right to refuse any request for information for any reason. USE OF SUBMISSION INFORMATION All or any part of the information we collect through the Site (including, without limitation, information regarding specific projects, requests for information or updates, and feedback regarding the Site) is referred to in this Privacy Policy as “Submission Information.” As described in our Terms of Use, Press Room Equipment Company does not accept or collect Submission Information on a confidential or proprietary basis. Consequently, we are free to use Submission Information for any purpose whatsoever. DISCLOSURES TO THIRD PARTIES Because Press Room Equipment Company does not accept or collect Submission Information on a confidential or proprietary basis, from time to time Press Room Equipment Company may disclose your Submission Information to third parties, including, without limitation, other potential customers, our consultants, our representatives, our affiliated companies and others. DISCLOSURES FOR LEGAL REASONS Press Room Equipment Company will also disclose Submission Information when it believes, in its sole discretion, that the law requires such disclosure or that such disclosure is necessary to: Comply with the law; Protect and defend the rights or property of Press Room Equipment Company or others, or; Act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of the public or the users of the Site. LINKS This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by Press Room Equipment Company. Other Web sites (including those that we may link to) may have their own policies. Press Room Equipment Company has no responsibility for or control over the information-collection practices of such third party Web sites. HOW TO CONTACT US If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at info@pressroomequipment.com, or call our toll free number (417) 864-3636.Primary Sidebar Get A Quote
Solutions
Automation & Robotics Press Feed Systems Powered & Pull-Thru Straighteners Coil Handling Equipment Pallet Decoilers PRE Coil Upenders PRE Cut-To-Length Machines PRE Cleat Machines Waddington Precision High Speed Servo Feeds High Speed Close Coupling Line
Contact Info
Press Room Equipment Co. 807A N. Prince Lane Springfield, MO 65802 Tel: in U.S. (800) 688-2645 Local: (417) 864-3636 Fax: (417) 864-3667
Navigation
Home About In-Stock Units Why Press Room News Videos Our Customers Careers Privacy Policy Contact Us
Parts Request
Solutions
Automation & Robotics Press Feed Systems Powered & Pull-Thru Straighteners Coil Handling Equipment Pallet Decoilers PRE Coil Upenders PRE Cut-To-Length Machines PRE Cleat Machines Waddington Precision High Speed Servo Feeds High Speed Close Coupling Line
Browse by Brand
Norwalk Innovation Press Room Equipment Co. Waddington Electronics
Contact Info
Press Room Equipment Co. 807A N. Prince Lane Springfield, MO 65802 Tel: in U.S. (800) 688-2645 Local: (417) 864-3636 Fax: (417) 864-3667
Get A Quote
Connect With Us FacebookLinkedIn
Notice: Read how Press Room Equipment is taking proactive steps in our response to Coronavirus - Learn More