https://prginc.com/privacy.html
Home
Log In
Categories
BoratesBuilding EvaluationFire ProtectionFlood Clean UpWood ProtectionCleanersInsecticidesLarge Format DocumentationAll Products ...
Information
Shipping & ReturnsPrivacy NoticeConditions of UseSite Map
Important Links
Products & Tools ForArchitectural Preservation
Categories
Borates->Building Evaluation->Fire Protection->Flood Clean Up->Wood Protection->Cleaners->Insecticides->Large Format Documentation->All Products ...
Home ::
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Preservation
Resource Group, Inc. (PRG) is committed to protecting your privacy. That is why
we have adopted this Privacy Policy. It is intended to describe how we use and
process your personal information. Please note that by visiting and using the
PRG website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected: PRG uses personal information to
better understand your needs and provide you with better customer service and
products. Once you choose to provide us with personal information, you can be
assured that it will only be used to support your customer relationship with
us: PRG will not sell, rent or lease your personally identifiable information
to others.
Our
site uses a 128 bit encrypted SSL to increase the security of our customer's
information. PRG cannot guarantee
complete security on stored information, however encryption has been installed
along with our SSL certificate to prevent stolen information.Anonymous
(non-personal) data we collect may include the pages visited on PRGinc.com,
referral pages, browser type and IP address. Most anonymous data is collected
via cookies or other analysis technologies. PRG web pages may use cookies, and
other technologies for data analysis and personalization services.
Log Files: When you visit our site we
automatically log anonymous (non-personal) data such as your IP address, your
browser type and your access times. We utilize this information to conduct site
performance evaluations, to see where visitors are coming from and to keep
track of click stream data (the screens our users visit on our site). This data
helps us to determine what content our users are accessing so that we can
optimize the usefulness of the site. Log files are not tied to personally
identifiable information.
Legal Disclaimer
: Though we make every effort to
preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when
required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is
necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process
served on our Web site. PRG
uses reasonable precautions to keep the information disclosed to us secure. PRG
is not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third
parties that receive user the information.
PRG
may provide "links" to a variety of other websites on the Internet. Please
note that when you click on one of these links, you may be leaving the PRG
website and entering another website. PRG
is not responsible for their privacy policies or how those websites manage information
about their users. We encourage you to check with them to determine their
privacy policy.
Supplementation: We may correct or supplement your
address information with standardized postal representation in order to ensure
that your orders are delivered.
Any
changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this page.
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Order Status
Site Map
Your IP Address is:
72.182.10.230
Copyright © 2020 PRG, Inc.. | Powered by Zen Cart | Zen Cart Designer