https://prime-impressions.com/privacy-policy/
facebook
linkedin
rss
556 O'Connor Drive, Kingston, ON K7P 1N3 (613) 217-2213 Catherine@prime-impressions.com
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://prime-impressions.com/
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Your personal data that is entered into the contact form is used to answer inquiries, and if requested, correspond with you in the future.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
Your data is never shared with third parties.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
No comments or public accounts are available on this site.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Your contact information is kept confidential and secure and is used for the purpose of communicating directly with you, taking training registrations, and/or shipping any product you may purchase.  It is never shared with a third party.
Additional information
How we protect your data
Electronic data is kept on password-protected computers that use internet security software that is continually updated.  When disposing of computers, all personal information is first wiped from the hard drives and they are then removed and destroyed before recycling the other electronic parts. Paper documents are kept in locked premises within a secure building and are disposed of by shredding.
What data breach procedures we have in place
If data is breached, immediate steps will be taken to investigate what has been compromised and how. If it involves clients’ data, they will be informed as soon as this breach is discovered.
What third parties we receive data from
We do not receive data from third parties.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
We do not use automated decision making and/or profiling.
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
There are none.