https://printingcrazy.com/privacy-policy/
+44 238 045 7382
sales@printingcrazy.com
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is about the way information collected is used. No personal information is collected however information is collected about how users access and use this website.The information collected and usedIf you use this website, you are in control of what information is collected, but if you choose not to share your information, you may not be able to access or use some areas of this website.How information is collectedThis information may be collected, stored and used when you use this website and when you call the Advertiser.What information is collectedThe information collected and held may include but is not limited to:information about your computer and about your visits to, and use of, the website (including your IP address, approximate geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views);if you call the Advertiser, your phone and/or mobile phone number and the time, date and day of the week and length of your call; and any other information you may provide to the provider of this site.Using cookies or other on-device storageCookies are information files stored on your computer, tablet or smartphone that help websites remember who you are and information about your visit. For further information (including how to opt out of cookies) please go to theCookie Policy.How information collected is usedWhen you use this website, information is collected. It will be used for the purposes set out in this privacy policy.Customisation of this website and advert targetingThe information collected when you use this website may be used to build up a picture of your interests. This information may be used to try to make sure that when you visit or use the website, you don’t miss offers and information that might interest you. This is called advert targeting.Tracking how the website is usedInformation may be collected about activity on the website, or other organisations may be used to collect it and to share it. This information is used to:analyse statistics;track pages and paths used by visitors to, or users of, the website;target the adverts or offers, such as banners, on the website and on the websites of other organisations; andtrack the use of the internet banner adverts and other links from marketing partners’ websites to this website.For these purposes, the information on the path you take to get to the website and on some of the pages you visit or use through the website, using cookies, web beacons and other on-device storage will be retained. For information about web beacons, or the organisation used (including how to decline their cookies), please go to the Cookie Policy.Analysing call volumesIf you call the Advertiser using the number featured on the website, we may record your phone number, the time, date, day of the week and length of the call and certain details about whether the call was answered or not. This information will be shared with the Advertiser and used to analyse the effectiveness of the website.Disclosure of your informationYour information may be passed to one or more of the following organisations:the Advertiser;data processing companies, mailing houses and other third party suppliers; andgovernment and enforcement agencies and the police.Occasionally, this may involve sending your information outside the European Economic Area. For more information, please read section “Where your information is processed“.Every now and again, requests are received for information from government departments, the police and other enforcement agencies. If this happens, and there is a proper legal basis for providing your information, it will be provided to the organisation asking for it.Where your information is processedWhen your information is used as described in section 2 – How information collected is used, this may occasionally involve sending your information outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Where this is done, appropriate steps are taken to protect your information. By using this website, you agree that your information may be transferred, stored and processed outside the EEA.How your information is kept secureThe security of information is taken very seriously. Technology and security policies are in place to protect the information held.How changes to this privacy policy may occurThis privacy policy may be updated from time to time so you may want to check it each time you visit the website.
Close Menu
×
Password
Remember Me
Login
Forgot your password? Get help
Username or E-mail
Send My Password
A password will be e-mailed to you.
Back to
Login
×
Item added to your cart
0 items in the cart (£0.00)