http://printronix.com/legal-compliance/
Please be advised that due to a planned maintenance of our website, printronix.com will not be available on Friday 11th, 2020 from 5pm to 12am PST.For any questions or urgent requests, please contact us at customerservice@printronix.com or 800-665-6210.
Americas
EMEA
China
Asia
India
English Español (Spanish)
CART
Cart
Toggle navigation
Products
Line Matrix Printers
P8000 Cabinet
P8000 Open Pedestal
P8000 Enclosed Pedestal
P8000 Zero Tear
OpenPrint
Serial Dot Matrix Printers
Printronix S828
Printronix S809
Printer Consumables
IBM / InfoPrint Branded PTX Printers
PrintNet Enterprise
Service
Service Offerings
CompleteCare
Factory Parts
Service Portal
Industries
Automotive and Manufacturing
Food & Beverage
Fast Moving Consumer Goods
Transportation & Logistics
Solutions
Manifest & Bill of Lading (BOL)
Delivery Sheets
Build / Broadcast sheets
OpenPrint
Reporting
Labeling and Inventory Management
Green Bar
Bank Statements
Invoices
Customer Success Stories
SAP Printer Vendor Program Member
Support
Maintenance Contracts
How-To Videos
Material Safety Data Sheets (MSDS)
Products We Support
Warranty Information
Manuals
Drivers & Downloads
FAQs
Register Your Product
Partners
How to Buy
Anti-Counterfeit
About Counterfeits
Genuine Ribbon Verification
Terms of Use
Online Privacy Policy
Section 508 Compliance
ISO 9001-9008
Americas MAP Pricing Policy
Ordering General Terms
Americas Terms of Sale
Asia Pacific Terms of Sale
EMEA Terms of Sale
Supplier Terms and Conditions
U.S. Suppliers
Holland Suppliers
Non-US/EMEA (Holland) Suppliers
eCos License
PCM eCos
PCM eCos 2.0
PCM eCos 3.0
Patents
Declarations of Conformity
Country of Origin
WEEE, REACH & RoHS
TUV Certification
Conflict Mineral Report
TERMS OF USE AND LEGAL RESTRICTIONS
ATTENTION: PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEB SITE.  USING THIS WEB SITE INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS.  IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS (“TERMS”), DO NOT USE THIS WEB SITE.
Printronix reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add to or remove portions of these Terms, at any time.  It is your responsibility to check these Terms periodically for changes.  Your continued use of this web site following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to the changes.  As long as you comply with these Terms, Printronix grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use the web site, subject to the Terms.
All headings used in these Terms are for Printronix’s convenience only, and are not binding on Printronix.
Use of Web Site
Printronix authorizes you to view and download the materials at this web site only for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original materials on any copies of the materials. You may not modify the materials at this web site in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purpose.  Any use of these materials on any other web site or networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited.  The materials at this web site are copyrighted and any unauthorized use of any materials at this web site may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. If you breach any of these Terms, your authorization to use this web site automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed materials.
You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of this web site, or any other systems or networks connected to this web site or to any Printronix server, or to any of the services offered on or through this web site, by hacking, password “mining” or any other illegitimate means.
You may not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of this web site or any network connected to this web site, nor breach the security or authentication measures on this web site or any network connected to this web site. You may not reverse look-up, trace or seek to trace any information on any other user of or visitor to this web site, or any other customer of Printronix, including any Printronix account not owned by you, to its source, or exploit this web site or any service or information made available or offered by or through this web site, in any way where the purpose is to reveal any information, including but not limited to personal identification or information, other than your own information, as provided for by this web site.
You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of this web site or Printronix’s systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to this web site or to Printronix.
You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this web site or any transaction being conducted on this web site, or with any other person’s use of this web site.
You may not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any message or transmittal you send to Printronix on or through this web site or any service offered on or through this web site. You may not pretend that you are, or that you represent, someone else, or impersonate any other individual or entity.
You may not use this web site or any content provided on this web site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms, or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity which infringes the rights of Printronix or others.
Content
All text, graphics, user interfaces, visual interfaces, photographs, trademarks, logos, sounds, music, artwork and computer code (collectively, “Content”), including but not limited to the design, structure, selection, coordination, expression, “look and feel” and arrangement of such Content, contained on this web site is owned, controlled or licensed by or to Printronix, and is protected by trade dress, copyright, patent and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws.
Except as expressly provided in these Terms, no part of this web site and no Content may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted or distributed in any way (including “mirroring”) to any other computer, server, Web site or other medium for publication or distribution or for any commercial enterprise, without Printronix’s express prior written consent.
You may use information on Printronix products and services (such as data sheets, manuals, and similar materials) purposely made available by Printronix for downloading from this web site, provided that you (1) do not remove any proprietary notice language in all copies of such documents, (2) use such information only for your personal, non-commercial informational purpose and do not copy or post such information on any networked computer or broadcast it in any media, (3) make no modifications to any such information, and (4) not make any additional representations or warranties relating to such documents.
Use of Software
Any software that is made available to download from this web site is the copyrighted work of Printronix and/or its suppliers.  Use of the software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement, if any, which accompanies or is included with the software (“License Agreement”).  You may not download or install any software that is accompanied by or includes a License Agreement unless you have read and accepted the terms of the License Agreement.  REPRODUCTION OR REDISTRIBUTION OF THE SOFTWARE IS PROHIBITED EXCEPT AS PROVIDED FOR IN THE APPLICABLE LICENSE AGREEMENT.  IT IS ALSO PROHIBITED TO DECOMPILE OR REVERSE ENGINEER ANY SOFTWARE FOUND ON THIS WEB SITE.
Disclaimers
THE MATERIALS (INCLUDING ALL SOFTWARE) AND SERVICES AT THIS WEB SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.  Printronix’s obligations with respect to its products and services are governed solely by the agreements under which they are provided and nothing on this web site should be construed to alter such agreements.  Printronix further does not warrant the accuracy and/or completeness of the materials, software or services at this web site.  Printronix may make changes to the materials and services at this web site, or to the products and prices described in them, at any time without notice.  The materials and services at this web site may be out of date, and Printronix makes no commitment to update the materials and services at this web site.  Information published at this web site may refer to products, programs or services that are not available in your country.  Consult your local Printronix business contact for information regarding the products, programs and services that may be available to you.  Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so this exclusion may not apply to you.
PRINTRONIX DOES NOT REPRESENT THAT THE WEB SITE OR ANY CONTENT, SERVICE OR FEATURE OF THE WEB SITE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERUPTED, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT YOUR USE OF THE WEB SITE WILL PROVIDE ANY SPECIFIC RESULTS.  THE WEB SITE AND ITS CONTENTS ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS-IS” AND “AS-DELIVERABLE” BASIS.  ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE WEB SITE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE.  PRINTRONIX CANNOT ENSURE THAT ANY FILES OR OTHER DATA YOU DOWNLOAD FROM THIS WEB SITE WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES.
Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL PRINTRONIX, ITS SUPPLIERS, OR OTHER THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED AT THIS WEB SITE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, OR THE RESULTS OF USE OF THIS WEB SITE, ANY WEB SITES LINKED TO THIS WEB SITE, OR THE MATERIALS OR INFORMATION OR SERVICES CONTAINED AT ANY OR ALL SUCH WEB SITES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER OR NOT PRINTRONIX HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  IF YOUR USE OF THE MATERIALS, INFORMATION OR SERVICES FROM THIS WEB SITE RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION OF EQUIPMENT OR DATA, YOU ASSUME ALL COSTS THEREOF.  APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
User Submissions
Printronix does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through this web site.  Any material, information or other communication (“Communications”) you transmit or post to this web site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary.  Printronix will have no obligations with respect to the Communications.  Printronix and its designees will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use the Communications and all data, images, sounds, text, and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes.  Personally identifiable information that you submit to Printronix for the purpose of receiving products or services will be handled in accordance with the Printronix Online Privacy Statement.
You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this web site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material that would violate any law.
Privacy
Printronix’s Online Privacy Statement applies to the use of this web site, and its terms are made part of these Terms by this reference, as though incorporated fully in these Terms.  By using this web site, you acknowledge that you understand that Internet transmissions are never fully private or secure.  You understand that any Communication you send to this web site may be read or intercepted by others, even if there is a special notice that a particular transmission is encrypted.
Chat Rooms and Other User Forums
Printronix may, but is not obligated to, monitor or review any areas on the web site where users transmit or post Communications or communicate solely with each other, including but not limited to chat rooms, bulletin boards or other user forums, and the content of any such Communications.  Printronix, however, will have no liability related to the content of any such Communications, whether or not arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise.  Printronix retains the right to remove messages that include any material Printronix deems abusive, defamatory, obscene or otherwise unacceptable.
Links to Third-Party Web Sites
This web site may contain links to other independent third-party web sites.  Links on this web site to third-party web sites are provided solely as a convenience to you.  If you use these links, you will leave this web site.  Printronix has not reviewed all of these third-party web sites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites or their content.  Thus, Printronix does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them.  If you decide to access any of the third-party web sites linked to this web site, you do this entirely at your own risk.
Linking to this Web Site
You may create links to this web site from other web sites, but only in accordance with the terms of the Guidelines for Linking to Printronix’s Web Site and in compliance with all applicable laws.
Trademarks
The following words and/or logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of Printronix:
Printronix
Leadership by Design
LaserLine
L7032
PrintNet
PSA
PGL, PXML, ZXML, IGP
Genicom
Tally
TallyGenicom
TG TallyGenicom
TG Logo
Intellifilter
Intelliprint
Intellipress
Durafusion
OpenPrint
Line Printer Plus
Inspector
Smart Ribbon
The following words, names and/or logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of the companies whose names appear after the marks:
HP and LineJet are trademarks of Hewlett Packard Co.
SAP and R/3 are trademarks of SAP AG.
Adobe, Acrobat, and Adobe Reader are trademarks of Adobe Systems.
Epson, Genicom, Tally, IBM, Printek, PSI, Oki, Microsoft Windows and the Windows logo are trademarks of the respective companies.
All other marks found on this web site are the trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.
General:
Printronix administers this web site from its offices in Irvine, California.  Printronix makes no representation that materials or services at this web site are appropriate or available for use outside the United States, and access to it from territories where its contents are illegal is prohibited.  You may not use or export or re-export the materials or services at this web site or any copy or adaptation in violation of any applicable laws or regulations, including without limitation U.S. export laws and regulations.  If you choose to access this web site from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.  These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.
Printronix may revise these Terms at any time by updating this posting.  You should visit this page from time to time to review the then-current Terms because they are binding on you.  Certain provisions of these Terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at this web site.
Revised September 2009
Note: Anyone linking to Printronix’s web site must comply with the Guidelines for Linking to Printronix’s Web Site and all applicable laws.
Guidelines for Linking to Printronix’s Web Site
A site that links to Printronix’s web site:
May link to but not replicate Printronix content.
Should not create a browser or border environment around Printronix content.
Should not imply that Printronix is endorsing it or its products.
Should not misrepresent its relationship with Printronix.
Should not present false information about Printronix products or services.
Should not use the Printronix logo without written permission from Printronix.
Should not contain content that could be construed as distasteful, offensive or controversial, and should contain only content that is appropriate for all age groups.
You may not use any automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of this web site or any content provided through this web site, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of this web site or any content provided through this web site, or obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through this web site.  Printronix reserves the right to bar any such activity.
Violation of These Terms
Printronix may disclose any information it has have about you (including your identity) if it determines that such disclosure is necessary in connection with any investigation or complaint regarding your use of this web site, or to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Printronix’s rights or property, or the rights or property of visitors to or users of this web site, including Printronix’s customers. Printronix reserves the right at all times to disclose any information that Printronix deems necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. Printronix also may disclose your information when Printronix determines that applicable law requires or permits such disclosure, including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection purposes.
You acknowledge and agree that Printronix may preserve any transmittal or communication by you with Printronix through this web site or any service offered on or through this web site, and may also disclose such data if required to do so by law or Printronix determines that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) comply with legal process, (2) enforce these Terms, (3) respond to claims that any such data violates the rights of others, or (4) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Printronix, its employees, users of or visitors to this web site, and the public.
You agree that Printronix may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to this web site and/or block your future access to this web site if we determine that you have violated these Terms or other agreements or guidelines which may be associated with your use of this web site. You also agree that any violation by you of these Terms will constitute an unlawful and unfair business practice, and will cause irreparable harm to Printronix, for which monetary damages would be inadequate, and you consent to Printronix obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that Printronix deems necessary or appropriate in such circumstances. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies Printronix may have at law or in equity.
You agree that Printronix may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to this web site, for cause, which includes (but is not limited to) (1) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (2) a request by you, (3) discontinuance or material modification of this web site or any service offered on or through this web site, or (4) unexpected technical issues or problems.
If Printronix does take any legal action against you as a result of your violation of these Terms, Printronix will be entitled to recover from you, and you agree to pay, all reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of such action, in addition to any other relief granted to Printronix. You agree that Printronix will not be liable to you or to any third party for termination of your access to this web site as a result of any violation of these Terms.
PCM eCOS 1.1
PCM eCOS 2.0
PCM eCOS 2.0+
Terms and Conditions for Orders
Americas Ordering Terms and Conditions
EMEA Ordering Terms and Conditions
Asia Pacific Ordering Terms and Conditions