https://privacy.aftercollege.com/ccpa/opt-out-rights
Notice of Right to Opt Out
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
If you would like information about how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information when you visit and use the Recruitment Platform and our Services, please visit our Privacy Policy. If you are a California resident, you also can review our California Privacy Notice page.
Online Advertising and our Recruitment Platform
Upon visiting a media company branding job board (i.e. a job board associated with a local newspaper), you may receive online advertising.
In this capacity we are operating as a service provider and where you seek access, or want to correct, amend, or delete your personal data, or have another request, we will provide you with the client’s contact information.
You may also use tools to opt out of interest-based advertising more generally.
To learn more about how to opt out of general interest-based advertising in desktop, laptop, and mobile browsers on a particular device, please visit https://preferences-mgr.truste.com,
http://optout.aboutads.info/#/, and/or http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#.
You may also download the AppChoices app at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices to opt out of interest-based advertising in mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device.
The Digital Advertising Alliance (‘DAA’) has also provided a CCPA Opt-Out Tool to opt out from the ‘sale’ of personal information by DAA participating third parties. Click here to use the DAA CCPA Opt-Out Tool.
Our Resume Database
We do not monetize your personal information by selling it to third parties other than companies/employers where your skills, experience, and employment history may be a match for their open job opportunities.
Pursuant to the CCPA, in the preceding twelve (12) months, we have sold the following categories of personal information for the purpose of assisting employers in filling their open job opportunities.
Category A: Identifiers
Category G: Professional or employment-related information
The CCPA prohibits third parties who purchase the personal information we hold from reselling it unless you have received explicit notice and an opportunity to opt-out of further sales.
If you have opted into our Resume Database directly or as the result of applying to a job opportunity, your resume may be shared with prospective employers and hiring managers. You can opt out by clicking here. Opting out means that your resume will no longer be accessible to potential employers who use our resume database or candidate matching products.
Additional Privacy Tools for our Job Seekers
Our Recruitment Platform provides job seekers with controls over the use and disclosure of personal information. We have listed some of the mechanisms below:
Unsubscribe from Email Marketing Communications: Click ‘Unsubscribe’ in any promotional email communications we send you.
Delete Your Account: Click here to request that your user account be deleted.
How To Contact Us
If you have questions about your User account, purchased products, job alerts, applications to Job Advertisements, or any other Services-related questions, please contact Customer Service by sending your request to support@recruitology.com.
Company Information
Phone: 415-263-1306 (8 am to 5 pm PST)
Toll-Free: 877-725-7721 (8 am to 5 pm PST)
Fax: 415-651-8927br/> Email: hello@recruitology.com
Mailing Address:
AfterCollege, Inc. DBA Recruitology
98 Battery Street, Suite 601
San Francisco, CA 94111