http://privacy.firstinsurancefunding.com
Click HERE to download a Print-Friendly Version
Rev. 1/2020
FACTS What does FIRST Insurance Funding do with your personal information?
Why?Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.
Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This
information can include:
Social Security number and account balancesAccount transactions and checking account informationPayment history and transaction history
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’
personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial
companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons
FIRST Insurance Funding, a division of Lake Forest Bank & Trust Company, N.A.
chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal informationDoes FIRST Insurance Funding share?Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes– such as to
process your transactions, maintain your account(s),
respond to court orders and legal investigations, or
report to credit bureaus
YesNo
For our marketing purposes– to offer our products and services to youYesNo
For joint marketing with other financial companiesNoWe don't share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes–
information about your transactions and experiences
YesYes
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes–
information about your creditworthiness
YesYes
For our affiliates to market to youYesYes
For nonaffiliates to market to youNoWe don't share
To limit our Sharing
Visit us online: http://privacy.firstinsurancefunding.com and complete the “Information Sharing Opt-Out Form”
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your
information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer,
we continue to share your information as described in this notice. However, you can contact us
at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Visit us online: http://privacy.firstinsurancefunding.com
Who We Are
Who is providing this notice?
FIRST Insurance Funding, a division of Lake Forest Bank & Trust Company, N.A. is
providing this notice.
What We Do
How does
FIRST Insurance Funding protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures
that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and
buildings.
How does
FIRST Insurance Funding collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
open an account or apply for a loan
pay insurance premiums or give us your contact information
apply for financing
We also collect your personal information from
others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes–information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
See below for more on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and
nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include financial companies such as: Banks: Barrington Bank & Trust Company, N.A.; Beverly Bank & Trust Company, N.A.; Crystal Lake Bank & Trust Company, N.A.; Hinsdale Bank & Trust Company, N.A.; Lake Forest Bank & Trust Company, N.A.; Libertyville Bank & Trust Company, N.A.; Northbrook Bank & Trust Company, N.A.; Old Plank Trail Community Bank, N.A.; Schaumburg Bank & Trust Company, N.A.; State Bank of The Lakes, N.A.; St. Charles Bank & Trust Company, N.A.; Town Bank, N.A.; Village Bank & Trust, N.A.; Wheaton Bank & Trust Company, N.A.; Wintrust Bank, N.A. Specialized Services: FIRST Insurance Funding, a division of Lake Forest Bank & Trust Company, N.A.;
FIRST Insurance Funding of Canada Inc.; Tricom; Wintrust Asset Finance, a subsidiary of Beverly Bank & Trust Company, N.A.;
Wintrust Life Finance, a division of Lake Forest Bank & Trust Company, N.A. Wealth Management: Wintrust Wealth Management, consisting of Great
Lakes Advisors, LLC, The Chicago Trust Company, N.A., and Wintrust Investments, LLC.
Mortgage: Wintrust Mortgage, a division of Barrington Bank & Trust Co., N.A.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial
and nonfinancial companies.
FIRST Insurance Funding does not share with nonaffiliates so
they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that
together market financial products or services to you.
FIRST Insurance Funding doesn’t
jointly market.
Other Important Information
AK, CA, ND or VT Residents: Accounts with a mailing address in AK, CA, ND or
VT will be treated as if they have selected for us not to share your credit
and personal financial information with our affiliates.
CHILDREN'S ONLINE PRIVACY
Protecting the identity and privacy of children is a responsibility that we take very seriously.
The responsibility to protect this information rests with both the online industry as well as with parents.
We do not knowingly collect, use, or maintain any information through our websites about children who are under the age of 13.
If we determine that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with information through one of our websites, we will only use this information to notify the parents that the information was received.
Parents can avail themselves of various filtering software packages that are available to prevent their children from accessing websites which they deem to be inappropriate.
Parents can choose to utilize this and other methods to limit websites to which their children have access.
Information Sharing Opt-Out Form
NOTE: if you received our privacy policy through the mail, you were provided with your own individual numeric code.
If you have your code, please enter it below - it will expedite the opt-out process for you.
Numeric Code:
If you have a joint account, your choice(s) will apply to everyone on your account.
Mark any/all you want to limit:
Do not share information about my creditworthiness with your affiliates for their everyday business purposes.
Do not allow your affiliates to use my personal information to market to me.
First Name/Business:
Last Name:
Address:
City:
State:
Select State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
WisconsinWyoming
Zip Code:
The safety and security of your personal information is of utmost importance to us.
Please do not share any sensitive or confidential information with us via this contact form.