https://privacy.aftercollege.com/ccpa/california-privacy-notice
California Privacy Notice
Your privacy is our top concern. We are committed to making sure that your personally identifiable information is kept confidential.
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this California Privacy Notice.
We will use our best efforts to ensure that the information you submit to us remains private, and that it is used specifically for purposes that are in-line with our mission of matching hiring employers to jobseekers/candidates. However, despite our efforts to maintain the confidentiality and security of your account, no method of transmission over the Internet and no method of electronic storage is completely secure.
Although, we make every effort to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
This California Privacy Notice supplements the information contained in Privacy Policy and applies solely to visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”) and use the Recruitment Platform and our Services. We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein or in the CCPA shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Privacy Policy or Terms of Use.
This California Privacy Policy applies to data we collect:
On this Website
When you submit your application for a job opportunity
When you submit your information, resume, or application while registering or attending a virtual career fair
When you purchase a job posting or any of our recruitment products
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this Privacy Policy
Who We Are
We have built technology, a platform, and web pages that connect people seeking employment with employers and companies that are hiring, “Recruitment Platform”.
The Recruitment Platform may appear to you as a
Media company branding job board (i.e. a job board associated with a local newspaper)
Employer/Company branded job board or job opportunity web page
Site or organization branded job board (i.e. NationwideJobSearch.com, AfterCollege.com)
A virtual career fair or hiring event
Media company branded employer recruitment portal
Media company or recruitment agency branded job distribution ecommerce site
Media company, Recruitology, or AfterCollege branded employee/sales rep/employer recruitment portal
The Recruitment Platform is owned and operated by Recruitology:
AfterCollege, Inc. DBA Recruitology
98 Battery Street, Suite 601
San Francisco, CA 94111
415-263-1306
hello@recruitology.com
Information We Collect
Personal Information
Our Services collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). In particular, our Services have collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples of specific pieces of personal information we collect
A. Identifiers
First name, maiden name, last name, physical address, email address, telephone number, social media profile, social media address, username, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol (IP) address, device IDs, account name, and other similar identifiers.
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, address, telephone number, education, employment, employment history, and, if you are a client, your financial information (including a bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information).
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
We do not request or require you to provide protected classification characteristics.
However, please carefully consider the information contained within your resume/CV and application materials to ensure that you are not providing any protected classification characteristics that are not necessary for your job application or job search.
Protected classification characteristics include your age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, genetic information (including familial genetic information), and veteran or military status.
Employers or hiring managers may request a veteran or military status in accordance with applicable law, and you may choose whether to submit that information with your job application on the Recruitment Platform.
D.
Commercial information
Records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies, such as details about payments to and from you, and details regarding the services that you have subscribed to or purchased.
E.
Internet or other similar network activity
Login data, search history, access dates and times, browsing history, browser type and version, device information, cookie data, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices used to access the Recruitment Platform, and other similar activity concerning an interaction with our Services.
F.
Geolocation data
Time zone setting and approximate location.
G.
Professional or employment-related information
Job searches, candidate searches, job applications, and any information provided in a resume/CV or job seeker profile (including, but not limited to, executive summary, objective, current or prior work experience and education).
H. Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile
Inferences used to reflect a consumer’s preferences or behavior on the Recruitment Platform.
NOTE: We have not collected any of the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Biometric information (such as genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data)
Sensory data (such as audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information)
Non-public education information, per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)) (such as education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
Non-Personal Information
We collect, use and share de-identified and/or aggregated consumer information, which is not considered personal information. Deidentified or aggregated data may be derived from your personal information, but is not considered personal information under CCPA, since it does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Internet or other similar network activity to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature.
Sources of Personal Information
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, when you fill in forms, create an account, submit your resume/CV, or correspond with us by post, phone, e-mail or otherwise.
Indirectly from you. For example, through automated technologies or your interactions with us, including from observing your actions when you use the Recruitment Platform.
Third Parties. We may receive personal information about you from various third parties such as analytics providers or advertising networks.
In our capacity as a service provider (see below).
Use of Personal Information
We describe in detail in our Privacy Policy the context in which your personal information may be collected, along with how and why we use your personal information. Pursuant to the CCPA, we may use the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business or commercial purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason for which the personal information is provided.
For example, if you provide your personal information to create an account, we will use that information to create your account.
To create, maintain, manage, customize, and/or secure your account with us.
To communicate with you about your account or our Services, and to manage our relationship with you.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including investigating and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To send you email and/or job alerts, if you registered to receive job alerts.
To send you information on an upcoming virtual career fair or hiring event as well as information regarding your registration for a virtual career fair or hiring event.
To send you marketing communications (where you have asked us to) which may be tailored to your “profile” (i.e., based on the personal information we know about you and your preferences).
To send you newsletters where you have indicated an interest or shown an interest based on your preferences as shown by your activity on the Recruitment Platform and/or your profile.
To maintain certain of your information on a suppression list, if you’ve indicated to us that you don’t want to be communicated in a particular way.
To manage any surveys, promotions or competitions you entered.
To personalize your Recruitment Platform experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through the Recruitment Platform, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
To enable the Recruitment Platform to function properly (ensure proper display of content), create and remember your account login details, and for interface personalization, such as language, or any user-interface customization.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Services.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments, and prevent transactional fraud.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing or collections, or manage payment disputes or issues with the services.
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
To detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecute those responsible for that activity.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to collect statistics and develop and improve the Recruitment Platform or our Services.
For debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality of the Recruitment Platform or our Services.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
In connection with or during negotiations of any proposed or actual financing, merger, purchase, sale, sale or transfer of some or all of our assets or stock, joint venture, or any other type of financing, acquisition or business combination of our company, or all or any portion of our assets, or transfer of all or a portion of our business to another company, including without limitation in the event of a
divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other event, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
Disclosures of Personal Information at Your Direction
We disclose your personal information when you intentionally interact with third parties and when you direct us or intentionally use the Recruitment Platform to share your personal information in connection with the services that we provide to you.
For example, if you are a job seeker and apply to a job posting on the Recruitment Platform, we will share your personal information with that prospective employer and/or its agent or representative (including but not limited to, external Applicant Tracking Systems or any other external systems used by the direct employer to manage the hiring of employees or other categories of workers) and with other employers where your skills and employment history may be a match for their open job opportunity through automated matching or through searching our Resume Database.
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
We describe in detail in our Privacy Policy the context in which your personal information may be disclosed to or shared with a third party.
Pursuant to the CCPA, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months:
Category A: Identifiers
Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories
Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
Category D: Commercial information
Category E: Internet or other similar network activity
Category F: Geolocation data
Category G: Professional or employment-related information
Category H: Inferences drawn from other personal information
We may disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the categories of third parties identified in our Privacy Policy, depending on how you use or interact with the Recruitment Platform or our Services. This may include disclosure of personal information to the following:
Service providers that we use to support our business, provide services to us, and/or help provide our services to you.
Professional advisers, such as lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance, financial, auditing, and accounting services to us so we can operate our business
Taxing authorities, such as the Internal Revenue Service and other authorities acting as processors based in the United States, and other applicable countries, who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Fraud prevention and identity verification services where we believe that disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect our rights, property, or safety, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with third parties for the purposes of fraud detection and prevention and credit risk reduction.
Law enforcement agencies, courts, supervisory authorities, regulatory bodies and certain other third-parties, to the extent that we are permitted or required to do so by law, or in order to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, or in the interests of national security, or to respond to verified requests relating to a criminal investigation or alleged or suspected illegal activity.
To enforce our Terms of Use and other agreements with you, to respond to, and defend ourselves against, claims asserted against us, to protect our rights, property, or safety, our services, customers or others, or to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or for debt collection.
In connection with or during negotiations of any proposed or actual financing, merger, purchase, sale, sale or transfer of some or all of our assets or stock, joint venture, or any other type of financing, acquisition or business combination of our company, or all or any portion of our assets, or transfer of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Sale of Personal Information
We do not monetize your personal information by selling it to third parties other than companies/employers where your skills, experience, and employment history may be a match for their open job opportunities.
Pursuant to the CCPA, in the preceding twelve (12) months, we have sold the following categories of personal information for the purpose of assisting employers in filling their open job opportunities.
Category A: Identifiers
Category G: Professional or employment-related information
The CCPA prohibits third parties who purchase the personal information we hold from reselling it unless you have received explicit notice and an opportunity to opt-out of further sales.
If you have opted into our Resume Database directly or as the result of applying to a job opportunity, your resume may be shared with prospective employers and hiring managers. You can opt out by clicking here. Opting out means that your resume will no longer be accessible to potential employers who use our resume database or candidate matching products.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how you can exercise them.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Requests
You may request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Requests below), we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing: (i) sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and (ii) disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Requests
You may request that we delete any of your personal information we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Requests), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request (in whole or in part) in accordance with any purpose that is permitted by the CCPA.
For example, we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information (or a portion thereof) is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities;
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.);
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with a legal obligation; and/or
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Requests
Click Here to exercise an access, data portability, or deletion request as described above.
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; and
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance, for example, through an Excel or JSON file format.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Opting Out from the Sale of Personal Information
For more information, or to submit an opt-out request, you (or your authorized representative) may click here.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out request. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
As a Service Provider
In certain instances, our clients hire us to provide services on behalf of the client.
In such case, we process personal information under the direction of that client as a service provider, and we have no direct relationship with the individuals (consumers) whose personal information we process.
Where we act as a service provider, we will collect, retain, use, disclose, and/or otherwise process personal information (i) to fulfill our obligations to perform the services pursuant to a written agreement with that client; (ii) pursuant to a valid business purpose, as permitted under the CCPA; and/or (iii) as otherwise directed by the client in writing.
Where we process personal data in the capacity of a service provider, we do not sell that personal information or otherwise retain, use, or disclose personal information for any commercial purpose, except as otherwise directed by the client in writing.
In addition to the purposes set forth above, we may collect, retain, use, disclose, and otherwise process personal information in the context of a service provider to:
Comply with applicable laws;
Comply with a civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, or summons by federal, state, or local authorities;
Cooperate with law enforcement agencies concerning conduct or activity that we, a client, or third party reasonably and in good faith believes may violate federal, state, or local law;
Exercise or defend legal claims; and/or
Collect, use, retain, share, or disclose information that has been aggregated or de-identified, in accordance with the CCPA.
Where we process your personal data in the capacity of a service provider, and you seek access, or want to correct, amend, or delete your personal data, or have another request, we will provide you with the client’s contact information, so you can contact them directly.
In rare instances, however, circumstances may necessitate we assist you with your question or request.
Changes to this California Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to change this California Privacy Notice at any time. If we propose to make any material changes, we will notify you by posting a notice on the Recruitment Platform or by issuing an email to the email address listed by registered users prior to the changes becoming effective, and will and update the notice’s effective date.
You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to maintain a valid email address as a registered user, and to review the Recruitment Platform and this Privacy Policy periodically in order to be aware of any modifications.
If you object to any changes to the revised California Privacy Policy, you can stop using our services and close your account with us.
However, if you continue to use our services (including the Recruitment Platform) after we publish a new or updated California Privacy Notice, you acknowledge that such continued use means that the treatment of your personal information will be subject to the new or updated California Privacy Notice.
How To Contact Us
If you have questions about your User account, purchased products, job alerts, applications to Job Advertisements, or any other Services-related questions, please contact Customer Service by sending your request to support@recruitology.com.
Company Information
Phone: 415-263-1306 (8 am to 5 pm PST)
Toll-Free: 877-725-7721 (8 am to 5 pm PST)
Fax: 415-651-8927br/> Email: hello@recruitology.com
Mailing Address:
AfterCollege, Inc. DBA Recruitology
98 Battery Street, Suite 601
San Francisco, CA 94111