https://privacy.knight-swift.com/
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Knight-Swift Transportation Holdings, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries ("Company" or "We") respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the websites Knight-Swift.com, KnightTrans.com, DriveKnight.com, SwiftTrans.com, DriveSwift.com, KnightLogistics.com, SwiftLogistics.com, KoldTrans.com, KnightFriends.com, KnightTruckSales.com, ApplyForSwift.com, DriveSwiftReefer.com, TrainWithSwift.com, Careers.SwiftTrans.com, Careers.SwiftTrans.com/driver-jobs/flatbed, Careers.SwiftTrans.com/driver-jobs/heavy-haul, Careers.SwiftTrans.com/driver-jobs/phoenixacademy, Careers.SwiftTrans.com/driver-jobs/experienced-cdl, Careers.SwiftTrans.com/driver-jobs/puertorico, Careers.SwiftTrans.com/driver-jobs/puertoricoenglish, Careers.SwiftTrans.com/driver-jobs/recent-grads, Careers.SwiftTrans.com/driver-jobs/snhu, Careers.SwiftTrans.com/driver-jobs/student-hiring, Careers.SwiftTrans.com/driver-jobs/transmex, Careers.SwiftTrans.com/driver-jobs/veteran-hiring and Careers.SwiftTrans.com/driver-jobs/women (our "Website") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website and all other Company Websites.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website.
It does not apply to information collected by:
Us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by any third party; or
Any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 16
Our Website is not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at:
20002 N. 19th Ave
Phoenix, AZ 85027
1-888-219-6923
California residents under 16 years of age may have additional rights regarding the collection and sale of their personal information.
Please see “Privacy Notice for California Residents” below.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, social security number, or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline ("personal information");
That is about you but individually does not identify you; and/or
About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
Information You Provide to Us.
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Your search queries on the Website.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies.
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The information we collect automatically may include personal information, or we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Web Beacons. Pages of our Website may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website, or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Company and its affiliates’ and subsidiaries' assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Company and its affiliates and subsidiaries about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have consented to these disclosures. We contractually require these third parties to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them. For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Company and its affiliates and subsidiaries, our customers, or others.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the NAI's website.
California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see the “Privacy Notice for California Residents” below.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
Knight-Swift Transportation Holdings, Inc.
Attn: Legal Department
20002 N. 19th Ave
Phoenix, AZ 85027
or via our toll-free number:
1-800-527-0032
Privacy Notice for California Residents
This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained in the above Website Privacy Policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California ("consumers" or "you"). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.
Where noted in this Notice, the CCPA temporarily exempts personal information reflecting a written or verbal business-to-business communication ("B2B personal information") from some its requirements.
Information We Collect
Our Website collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device ("personal information"). Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, like:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
In particular, our Website has collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples*
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal
identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address,
email address, account name, Social Security number,
driver's license number, passport number, or other similar
identifiers.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California
Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical
characteristics or description, address, telephone number,
passport number, driver's license or state identification
card number, insurance policy number, education,
employment, employment history, bank account number, credit
card number, debit card number, or any other financial
information, medical information, or health insurance
information.
Some personal information included in this category may
overlap with other categories.
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under
California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national
origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status,
medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex
(including gender, gender identity, gender expression,
pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions),
sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic
information (including familial genetic information).
YES
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services
purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or
consuming histories or tendencies.
YES
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological
characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a
template or other identifier or identifying information,
such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or
retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns,
and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a
consumer's interaction with a website, application, or
advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
YES
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar
information.
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
YES
J. Non-public education information (per the Family
Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section
1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained
by an educational institution or party acting on its
behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student
schedules, student identification codes, student financial
information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics,
psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes,
intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
NO
(* - examples represent the types of information that constitute the categories, but are not necessarily specifically collected by Company)
Our Website obtains the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete or products and services you purchase.
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our Website.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Website, products, and services.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To personalize your Website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Website, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Website, products, and services.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us
about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to our third-party service providers for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter into a contract that requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
Sale of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company has not sold personal information.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to know what personal information we have collected, used, or disclosed and can request a copy of that data in a portable format.
This does not currently apply to B2B personal information.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and, where applicable, direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
We do not currently provide these deletion rights for B2B personal information.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 1-800-527-0032 or
Visiting https://privacy.knight-swift.com/CCPA/
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to an additional 45 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on the Website and update the notice's effective date. Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which the Company collects and uses your information described here, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone: 1-800-527-0032
Postal Address:
Knight-Swift Transportation Holdings, Inc.
Attn: Legal Department
20002 N. 19th Avenue
Phoenix, Arizona 85027
Last Reviewed July 6, 2020