https://privacy.aftercollege.com/ccpa/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy Statement
Your privacy is our top concern. We are committed to making sure that your personally identifiable information is kept confidential. This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit one of the websites listed below, and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. If you are a California Resident, please review our California Privacy Notice.
We will use our best efforts to ensure that the information you submit to us remains private, and that it is used specifically for purposes that are in-line with our mission of matching hiring employers to jobseekers/candidates. However, despite our efforts to maintain the confidentiality and security of your account, no method of transmission over the Internet and no method of electronic storage is completely secure. Although, we make every effort to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
This Privacy Policy applies to data we collect:
On this Website
When you submit your application for a job opportunity
When you submit your information, resume, or application while registering or attending a virtual career fair.
When you purchase a job posting or any of our recruitment products
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this Privacy Policy
Who We Are
We have built technology, a platform, and web pages that connect people seeking employment with employers and companies that are hiring, “Recruitment Platform”. The Recruitment Platform may appear to you as a
Media company branding job board (i.e. a job board associated with a local newspaper)
Employer/Company branded job board or job opportunity web page
Site or organization branded job board (i.e. NationwideJobSearch.com, AfterCollege.com)
Virtual career fair or hiring event
Media company branded employer recruitment portal
Media company or recruitment agency branded job distribution ecommerce site
Media company, Recruitology, or AfterCollege branded employee/sales rep/employer recruitment portal
The Recruitment Platform is owned and operated by Recruitology:
AfterCollege, Inc. DBA Recruitology
98 Battery Street, Suite 601
San Francisco, CA 94111
415-263-1306
hello@recruitology.com
Data We Collect About You
Personal Data
In order to connect people seeking employment with employers and companies that are hiring, we may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of Personal Data about you. We have grouped these into the following categories of Personal Data:
“Identity Data” such as first name, last name, resume/CV, Social Media profile, username or similar identifier.
“Contact Data” such as billing addresses, email addresses and telephone numbers.
“Financial Data” such as payment card details. However, please note that payment methods (e.g., credit card number and/or PayPal and/or bank account details) are not collected by us directly, but by secure payment service providers.
“Transaction Data” such as details about payments to and from you, and details regarding the services that you have subscribed to in relation to the Recruitment Platform.
“Technical Data” such as Device IDs, your login data, access dates and times, browser type and version, device information, cookie data, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access the Recruitment Platform.
“Profile Data” such as your username and password, orders made by you, preferences, user-generated content, job searches, candidate searches, job applications, feedback and survey responses.
“Usage Data” such as information about how you use the Recruitment Platform, products and services.
“Marketing and Communications Data” such as your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
Data obtain from Social Network
Site
You may apply for a job or sign up as a user by creating your account using a third-party social networking site, "SNS", (including, but not limited to, Facebook). If you decide to sign up, we will extract the publicly available personally identifiable information that you have provided to the SNS (such as your name, email address and other information you make publicly available via the SNS) from the account you have with such SNS and use the information to create your account. The specific information that we extract may depend on the privacy settings you have with the SNS. You hereby consent to our access to and collection of personally identifiable information about you via such SNS.
Non-Personal Data
We also collect, use and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated data may be derived from your Personal Data but is not considered Personal Data since it does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature.
If You Fail to Provide Personal Data
Where Required to Provide Services to You
Where we need to collect Personal Data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, or a prospective contract, and you fail to provide that Personal Data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with our services). If so, we may have to cancel the service you have with us (or have requested from us), and you accept that as a condition of service.
Data That You Should Not Provide to
Us
We do not require any Special Categories of Personal Data about you. Accordingly, please do not provide this type of personal data to us.
As a Data Processor
We acknowledge that you have the right to access your personal information. With respect to personal information provided by a client of Recruitology to Recruitology, we collect such information under the direction of that client and have no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal information we process. If you are a customer of such a Recruitology client and would no longer like to be serviced by such client, please contact the client directly. If you seek access or want to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data, you must direct such request to that client (the data controller). If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe. We may transfer personal information to companies that help us provide our service. Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by our service agreements with our clients.
We will retain Personal Data that we process on behalf of our clients for as long as needed to provide services to our client. Recruitology will retain this Personal Data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and in accordance with our internal record keeping policies.
How Your Data is Collected
We collect Personal Data from and about you from direct interaction, automated technologies and interactions, and through third parties.
Direct Interaction
You may give us your identity, contact, billing and other information by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes Personal Data you provide when you:
apply to a job opportunity through the Recruitment Platform
purchase a recruitment product or service through the Recruitment Platform
submit your CV/Resume to our resume database
submit your information, resume, or application while registering or attending a virtual career fair
sign-up for products and services offered through the Recruitment Platform
give us some feedback
create an account to access the Recruitment Platform
Automated Technologies and
Interactions
As you interact with the Recruitment Platform, we may automatically collect Technical Data and Usage Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this Personal Data and Non-Personal Data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data and Usage Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies and other Tracking Technologies (defined below). For more information regarding our use of Tracking Technologies, please refer to “Cookies and Similar Technologies” below.
Third Parties
We may receive Personal Data from a client of Recruitology when you purchase a recruitment product or service from the client.
How We Use Your Data
Non-Personal Data
We may use your Non-Personal Data for any purpose not prohibited by applicable law or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy or any written representation we have made to you at the point and time of the data collection.
Personal Data
We will only use your Personal Data where permitted by law. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where you have given us your consent
Where we need to perform the contract, we are about to enter into or have entered into with you
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interest
Purposes for Which We Use Your Personal
Data
The purpose for using Person Data is to connect people seeking employment with employers and companies that are hiring. Click here to view more specifically the purposes for which we use your Personal Data. We describe (i) in what context your personal data was collected, i.e., what activity you were involved in when we collected or used your Personal Data; (ii) the types of Personal Data that we hold about you; (iii) how and why we use your Personal Data; and (iv) what our legal basis is for using your Personal Data. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Where we rely on your consent to use your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Click here to complete the form for requesting the withdrawal of your consent. When requesting the withdrawal of your consent, the withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Who We Share Your Data With
We may share Personal Data with the following parties:
Service providers that we use to support our business and help provide our services to you, including, but not limited to, third-parties that host our Website, assist us to verify your identity, perform website and platform maintenance, risk assessments, and security, perform data and web analytics, provide databases, IT services, customer service, payment platforms and credit card processing, communication services, and email services
Professional advisers such as lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance, financial, auditing, and accounting services to us so we can operate our business
Taxing authorities, such as the Internal Revenue Service and other authorities acting as processors based in the United States who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances
Fraud prevention and identity verification services where we believe that disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect our rights, property, or safety, our clients or others. This includes exchanging information with third parties for the purposes of fraud detection and prevention and credit risk reduction.
In connection with or during negotiations of any proposed or actual financing, merger, purchase, sale, sale or transfer of some or all of our assets or stock, joint venture, or any other type of financing, acquisition or business combination of our company, or all or any portion of our assets, or transfer of all or a portion of our business to another company, including without limitation in the event of a divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other event, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding. In the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets or stock, Personal Data that we hold about our clients and users of our services will be one of the assets that will be transferred. If a change happens to our business, the new owners may use your Personal Data in the same way as set out in this Privacy Policy
Third parties where you have expressly consented to the disclosure of your Personal Data
Law enforcement agencies, courts, supervisory authorities, regulatory bodies and certain other third-parties, to the extent that we are permitted or required to do so by law, or in order to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, or in the interests of national security, or to respond to verified requests relating to a criminal investigation or alleged or suspected illegal activity
To enforce our Terms of Use and other agreements with you, to respond to, and defend ourselves against, claims asserted against us, to protect our rights, property, or safety of the Recruitment Platform, our services, customers or others, or to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or for debt collection
If you are a job seeker, we will share your Personal Data with prospective employers if you respond to a job advertisement, register/attend a virtual career fair/hiring event or have opted-in to our resume database. You will have an account within the Recruitment Platform if you signed up for job alerts, registered/attended a virtual career fair/hiring event, submitted your resume to the resume database, and/or applied for a job via the Recruitment Platform.
With prospective employers and recruiters (and/or with their external Applicant Tracking System or similar external system used by such companies to manage responses to their job postings), if you respond to a job posting
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information or with your consent
Non-Personal Data
We may share your Non-Personal Data for any purpose not prohibited by applicable law or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy or any written representation we have made to you at the point and time of the data collection.
Your Data Subject Access Rights
As a “Data Subject”, you have the following rights with respect to your Personal Data:
Right to Information: The right to know what Personal Data we hold about you and how we use it.
Right to Access: The right to be provided with a copy of your Personal Data (subject to certain restrictions).
Right to Rectification: The right to require us to correct any incomplete or inaccurate Personal Data we hold about you, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us. If you have a user account with us, you may also have the option of correcting your information directly in your account.
Right to erasure/be forgotten:
This enables you to ask us to delete or remove Personal Data where there is no good reason for us to continue to process it. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request for erasure and in such circumstances, will notify our reasons to you.
Right to restrict
processing: The right to require us to restrict processing of your Personal Data, i.e., you can request that we suspend the processing of your Personal Data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Right to request data
portability: In certain circumstances, you have the right to request the transfer of your Personal Data to you or to a third party in a commonly used machine-readable format. Note, however, that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Right to object to
processing: You have the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data in the following circumstances: (i) at any time to your Personal Data being processed for direct marketing (including profiling); or (ii) in certain other situations, to our continued processing of your Personal Data, e.g., our processing of your Personal Data when such processing is based on our legitimate interests. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Right to withdraw consent at any
time: You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your Personal Data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Right not to be subject to a
decision based solely on automated decision-making: The right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing (including profiling) that produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you. However, your right does not apply if: (i) you gave us your explicit consent to use your personal data to make our decision; (ii) we are allowed by law to make our decision; or (iii) our automated decision was necessary to enable us to enter into a contract with you.
Method for Requesting Information
Pursuant to Your Rights
Upon request, we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If you would like to exercise any of the data subject access rights listed above (each, an “Access Request”), Click here to complete the form for requesting to exercise any of the above data subject access rights. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
No Fee Usually Required
You will not usually be required to pay a fee to access your Personal Data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What We May Need from You
Once we receive your access rights request, we may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your Personal Data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that Personal Data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
If we are not clear as to what you are requesting, we may also need to contact you for clarification so we can more fully respond to your request.
If we cannot locate any records about you, we may also ask you for additional information to assist us in locating records, if they exist.
Time Limit to Respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within forty-five (45) days. Occasionally it may take us longer than forty-five (45) days if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Cookies & Tracking Technology
We and third parties may use cookies or similar tracking technologies (e.g., pixels, beacons, scripts, etc.) (“Tracking Technologies”) to analyze trends, administer the Recruitment Platform, track users’ movements on the Recruitment Platform, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions of the Recruitment Platform or the services it provides. For more information about the types of cookies and Tracking Technologies that we, and certain third parties use, and why we use them, and how you can control these, please review our policy regarding Cookie Policy.
If you are accessing the Recruitment Platform from outside the U.S., you understand that we apply U.S. law and the U.S. advertising industry self-regulatory program to Tracking Technologies associated with the Recruitment Platform.
We or our clients may partner with third parties to either display advertising on the Recruitment Platform or to manage our advertising on other sites. These third-party partner’s may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.
Data Security
We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect Personal Data we process about you.
However, no transmission of information via the Internet or wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Data, you acknowledge that there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control and accordingly, the security, integrity and privacy of data exchanged between you and us through the Recruitment Platform cannot be guaranteed.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected Personal Data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
The safety and security of your Personal Data also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of the Recruitment Platform, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your login or account credentials with anyone and keep your account information secure. If you believe that your access credentials or Personal Data have been compromised, please contact us immediately.
Links to Third Party Websites and Social Media Features
The Recruitment Platform may from time to time, contain links to third-party services such as websites, locations, platforms, applications or services operated by third parties. If you follow a link to or otherwise access any of these third-party services, these third-party services may use their own cookies, web beacons, and other Tracking Technology to independently collect information about you and may solicit Personal Data from you. Please note that these third-party services have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these parties’ policies or practices. Please check these policies before you share any Personal Data with these third-party services.
We may offer you the opportunity to use your social media login when interacting with our Website. If you do so, please be aware that you may be sharing your profile information with us. The Personal Data that is shared will depend on your social media platform settings. Please visit the relevant social media platform and review its privacy policy to understand how your Personal Data is shared and used in this context.
Social media features may also collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on the Recruitment Platform, and may set a cookie or other Tracking Technologies to enable the applicable social media feature to function properly. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing such features.
The Recruitment Platform may include tools provided by us or third-party services that enable you to send a message to another person. If you use any such tools, please ensure that you only send messages to persons to whom you have permission to send messages. Absent the recipient’s consent, we will only use their Personal Data that you provide us to facilitate such messages.
California Privacy Rights
California residents have the right to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information (as defined by the California Shine the Light Act) to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless we provide them with an ability to exercise choice regarding such disclosures. We comply with this law by providing California residents with the ability to opt-out of, or prospectively withdraw their consent, if they have previously opted-in to, the disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident, to receive confirmation of how we comply with this law, or to make a request or to opt out at any time, Click here to complete the form for requesting to opt out for future disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes or mail us at the address above.
Marketing
We may use your Personal Data to send you information about the services provided by the Recruitment Platform; provided, however that we will obtain consent to do so where required by applicable law. You may unsubscribe from our marketing e-mails by clicking "Unsubscribe" in any promotional e-mail communications we send you. As permitted by applicable law, you cannot opt-out of non-marketing, services-related notices.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we propose to make any material changes, we will notify you by posting notice on the Recruitment Platform or by issuing an email to the email address listed by registered users prior to the changes becoming effective. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to maintain a valid email address as a registered user, and to review the Recruitment Platform and this Privacy Policy periodically in order to be aware of any modifications. If you object to any changes to the revised Privacy Policy, you can stop using our services and close your account with us. However, if you continue to use our services (including the Recruitment Platform) after we publish a new or updated Privacy Policy, you acknowledge that such continued use means that the treatment of your Personal Data will be subject to the new or updated Privacy Policy.
Minors and Children
Our services and the Recruitment Platform are not intended for use by persons under the age of 18 years. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register to use the Recruitment Platform. In the event that we learn that we have collected Personal Data of a child under the age of 13, we will delete that data to the extent required by applicable law as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any Personal Data from or about a child under 13, Click here to complete the form for requesting the deletion of Personal Data of a child under 13.
How To Contact Us
If you have questions about your User account, purchased products, job alerts, applications to Job Advertisements, or any other Services-related questions, please contact Customer Service by sending your request to support@recruitology.com.
Company Information
Phone: 415-263-1306 (8 am to 5 pm PST)
Toll-Free: 877-725-7721 (8 am to 5 pm PST)
Fax: 415-651-8927
Email: hello@recruitology.com
Mailing Address:
AfterCollege, Inc. DBA Recruitology
98 Battery Street, Suite 601
San Francisco, CA 94111