http://prnewsonline.com/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY
At prnewsonline.com, we are dedicated to protecting your privacy. The information collected about you is used to process orders and to create a more personalized shopping experience. What information is collected? How do we use the information we collect? When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to contact you of your order status—for example through a confirmation notice. We also collect e-mail addresses at various locations within the site, including when you order from the site so that we can send you any necessary e-mail messages related to your order. We monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to hep us develop the design and layout of our online store and the products and services we offer. We do not share credit card information with third parties except for the purpose of processing payments for products you've ordered and as required by law.
How do we keep your customer information safe? When you place orders or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. If at any time you would like us to delete any of your personal information on file, just e-mail clientservices@accessintel.com, our customer service.
As you browse prnewsonline.com, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our display advertising partner, AdRoll, then enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with prnewsonline.com. This technology allows them to develop our advertising so that it directly relates to offers that may be of interest to you. We do no allow AdRoll to collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number, nor are they allowed to use data that they collect for us for any other purpose. If however, you'd prefer not to receive relevant banner advertisements, you can visit this page to opt at any time, out of AdRoll and their partners' targeted advertising.
We are devoted to protecting your privacy. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. By using this website you consent to the collection and use of the information you provide to PRNews and its affiliates.
UpcomingDecember 10 — The Diversity Awards DeadlineDecember 11 — Social Media Awards Deadline
Trending
Sherwin-Williams Paints Itself into a Social Media Crisis Corner
Rockefeller Tree Arrival Provides Lesson in Social Media Response
Paging Boston Market: When a Company Goes MIA During a Crisis
Two Words Can Boost the Response Rate of Media Pitches
Write the Right Way: 5 Style Differences in Chicago Manual vs. AP
Featured Jobs
Sign up for the Job Seeker »
View All Jobs »
Associate Director of Communications - Plastics Industry Association - Washington, D.C.
Senior Manager, Brand Communications & PR - Make-A-Wish America - Phoenix, AZ
Digital Marketing Specialist - Zoe Fine Art - Brentwood, TN
Find a Job   |
Post a Job