https://pro-vision.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION:
This Privacy Statement is created by P V Projects Ltd t/a Pro Vision. It has been created in order to describe what information we may hold about you if you are a client or contact of ours, what we do with that data and your rights regarding it.If you need to contact us regarding any information here please email at info@pro-vision.co.uk or call us on 01794 368 698.
INFORMATION WE MAY HOLD:
Personal information such as your name, address, email address and any information you may have given us verbally or submitted in writing which may include sensitive personal data.
Information related to projects we have worked on with you, which may include personal financial or other information if that was relevant and necessary for the project.
Bank account and payment information if we paid or received payment from you.
DATA RETENTION:
If we work on a project with you we will hold your data for 6 years following the completion of the project.
If you request that your personal data be deleted before this period then we will do so and will look to ensure that you receive no further marketing or other information from us.
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
If you contact us with an initial enquiry, then we will use your data for the purposes of following up with you and potentially putting you in contact with others should that be necessary. We will ask your consent prior to distributing your personal data to other individuals
We may use your contact information to send you occasional information related to the business services we offer, events we are holding or other information that we feel may be relevant and of interest to you. Should you wish to discontinue receiving this marketing you may unsubscribe at any time.
At the completion of a project we may use your personal data to send you a client feedback questionnaire to see how you felt our service was.
OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR USING YOUR DATA
For the purpose email marketing we process your data on the basis of a ‘Legitimate Interest’ as defined under the General Data Protection Regulations. This is done on the basis that:
We are using your data in ways you could reasonably expect and which have a minimal privacy impact on you.
Your data is not disclosed to others as part of the marketing.
We take on the responsibility for considering and protecting your rights and interests.
We have undertaken a Legitimate Interest Assessment, which identifies our interest in doing this (i.e. to inform you about our business and other information of interest to you), shows that processing is necessary to achieve this interest and balances the processing against the your rights and freedoms. On the basis of this we assert a Legitimate Interest to contact you in the future.
The processing is necessary in order to inform individuals about events and relevant information which we could not otherwise reasonably transmit to you via another means.
The processing of this data is unlikely to cause unjustified harm to you and our interests are unlikely to override your legitimate interests.
You will be given the opportunity to opt-out of each and every marketing email.
YOUR RIGHTS
Every individual has rights regarding the use of their data. These are:
The right to be informed
The right of access
The right to rectification
The right to erasure
The right to restrict processing
The right to data portability (except for that data which is processed under Legitimate Interest)
The right to object
If you wish to exercise any of these rights to: see your data, correct your data, restrict the way in which we can use it or to ask us to erase your data then please contact us at info@pro-vision.co.uk or on 01794 368 698
SHARING YOUR DATA
We may share your information with others organisations or individuals if one of the following applies:
They are related to, working on or potentially working on the project we are working or have worked with you on.
It is required for a statutory submission (e.g. a Planning Application submission).
We transfer rights or obligations of our contract with you to another party.
We have asked and been given your consent to do so.
We are required or permitted to do so by a law or regulation.
We will take steps to ensure your data is appropriately protected in storage and transit.We will not sell, share or give your information to third parties for their marketing purposes.
DATA SECURITY
All our data is held on physical company servers and on cloud servers. We have measures in place in order to protect your data.
COMPLAINTS
If you have a complaint about the way in which we have used your data please contact us at info@pro-vision.co.uk or call on 01794 368 698If you are unhappy with our response you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office at:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
SK9 5AF
0303 123 1113
Pro Vision © 2020
PV PROJECTS LTD - UK Registered Office: Grosvenor Court, Ampfield Hill, Ampfield, Romsey. SO51 9BD Reg No 3296321
Website by Oyster