https://probemaster.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle menu
800-772-1519
LoginorSign Up
0
Search
×
Main Menu
Products
Multimeter Test Leads
Oscilloscope Probes
Differential Probes
Probe & Test Lead Holders
Patch Cords
BNC Cables & Breakouts
SMD Probes & Grippers
BNC Terminations & Adapters
Custom Probes & Test Leads
Other Products
Probe Cross Reference
Meter to Test Lead
Test Lead to Test Lead
Scope to Scope Probe
Scope Probe to Scope Probe
Comparison Chart of Differential Probes
Resources
All About Probes
FAQ's - Technical & General
Sources for Test Equipment, Repair & Calibration
Ordering Info
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Testimonials
Shipping
Contact Us
About Us
Shop By Category
Oscilloscope Probes
3900 Series Oscilloscope Probes 100 MHz
4900 Series Oscilloscope Probes 150-300 MHz
5900 Series Oscilloscope Probes 400 & 500 MHz
6100 Special Purpose Probes
4900 & 5900
Accessories
5900 Accessories
Multimeter Test Leads
8000 Series - Standard Test Leads
8000 Series Accessories
9100 Series - Modular Test Leads
9100 Series Accessories
Spring Loaded Test Leads
Spring Loaded Tips
2mm Mini Banana Test Leads
30 Ft Test Leads & Storage Reel
Extendable Test Leads
Automotive Test Leads
Design Your own Test Leads
Safety 12" Extender Test Leads
Bed Of Nails Test Leads
Stacking Test Leads
Master Kits
Probe & Test Lead Holders
Differential Probes
Differential Probe Accessories
SMD Probes & Grippers
BNC Cables & Breakouts
BNC Breakouts
BNC Cables
BNC Cable Assemblies
Patch Cords
Custom Probes & Test Leads
BNC Terminations & Adapters
Other Products
Shop By Brand
View all Brands
Gift Certificates
Login or Sign Up
Home
Ordering Info
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or place an order.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
• To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
• To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
• To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
• To process transactions Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
• To send periodic emails The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required toï¿½keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent. As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the 'Edit Profile' page.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.probemaster.com
Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Probe Master Inc.215 Denny WayEl Cajon, Ca 92020USAjdavis@probemaster.com800-772-1519Privacy Policy Created by Free Privacy Policy
×
OK