http://processall.com/privacy-policy.aspx
888-425-1603
Home
About Us
Products
Mixing Equipment
Mixmill Mixers
Tilt-a-Mix
Vacuum Dryers
Pressure Reactors
Services
Parts & Service
Testing
Rental
Applications
Facilities
Mason, OH
Lebanon, OH
Elkhart, IN
Shanghai, China
Careers
Contact Us
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Processall - Privacy Policy
Information Collection/Use
Processall collects information from our users at several different points on our website. For example, we may collect personally identifiable information from you such as your name, address, and e-mail address when you contact us. In addition, we automatically collect non-personal information such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, and site usage information in order to evaluate and improve the performance of our site.
We collect and use information for the specific purposes for which you provide it, such as when you request information from us. We also collect and use information:
to enhance your experience at our site;
to perform site administration and technical support;
to notify you about our new and existing content, events, properties, or services;
to enable you to enter promotional campaigns;
to create aggregate information about demographics and usage patterns.
We may also use third party providers to help us contact you or to support our site and services, and for these limited purposes, we may share your personally identifiable information with our providers. By registering for and/or using our site, you consent to our sharing of your personal information with our third party providers for these limited purposes.
We may disclose personal information when required by law to do so, or at the request of a law enforcement agency. We may also disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary or appropriate to avoid violation of, or interference with, the terms of use of our site or services, or with our proprietary rights, or the rights of third parties.
We will not sell, share, or rent this personal information to other third parties, and we will not otherwise disclose personally identifiable information to third parties without your explicit permission, except as disclosed in this policy.
We may use aggregate information to measure general site usage patterns and characteristics of our user base, and we may include such aggregate information about our audience in reports to our partners or vendors. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics (for example, 28% of our members live in Indiana) without your permission in order to describe our audience to existing and prospective sponsors or other third parties. However, this aggregate information does not reference names, e-mail addresses, or other personally identifiable information, and is not traceable to a specific recipient or e-mail address.
Security
Personal information collected by Precision Quincy Industries is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. We are dedicated to maintaining the security of such information. However, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed 100% secure. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best efforts to ensure its security on our systems. We will notify you immediately if any breach of our security system affects you by sending an e-mail notice to you within 5-7 days of our discovery of any such breach.
Cookies
We may place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer or use other technology to improve your navigation of our site. The cookie itself does not contain your personal information, although it will enable us to relate your use of the site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided to us. You may be able to set your browser to reject cookies, but then you may be unable to access certain areas of the site or may not be able to customize the site's features. Some of our business affiliates, partners, and sponsors independently may use cookies, to tell when you have contacted their web site. Because we do not control the privacy policies of our business affiliates, partners, or sponsors or any other sites to which we may provide links, you should check the privacy policy of the site that you are visiting if you have any concerns about that site's use of cookies or other data gathering devices.
Other Links
You may be able to access content and other services through links located on our site, including the websites of business affiliates, partners, sponsors, or other sites. This policy does not apply to such content or services, and we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any site that may be linked to our site. We recommend that you review the privacy policy at each such site.
Agreement
Your use of our site means that you have read, accepted, and agreed to this policy, and you consent to use of your personal information as set forth in this policy. If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use our site. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time, and from time to time, in which case we will post the revised policy on our site. Your continued use of the site after the posting of any changes will constitute your acceptance of such changes.
If you have concerns or questions about our privacy policy, please contact us.
©2017 The Armor Group, Inc.
The Armor Group |
Contact Us |
Site Map |
Privacy Policy