https://prodirektgroup.com/legal-notice-for-the-website-www-prodirektgroup-com
In search of the world’s best schools, King’s Ely
Our partnership with King’s Ely started in 2017 when 20 of our youngest learners (8-10 year olds) from Italy attended the King’s immersion course. That education project turned out to be a great success! Consequently, in August of the same year, we were invited by the school’s senior management to get a personal feel of … Read more In search of the world’s best schools, King’s Ely
Become our International Ambassador
The PRODIREKT International Ambassador Program has been designed to assist students and parents as they embark on their search for the right language program, high school, university or college, as well as to ease students’ study abroad experience. Our International Ambassadors are students and alumni who share their first-hand experiences of the enrollment process, programs, … Read more Become our International Ambassador
In search of best boarding schools, Stonar
In September, the representatives of PRODIREKT, together with a small selected group of other agents, were invited by Stonar, a leading UK boarding school, to be their guest for a couple of days and to visit their premises. Stonar laid on an exclusive coach to transport the group to the school. The guidance and care … Read more In search of best boarding schools, Stonar
English learning at its best
Whatever your language goals, we are committed to help you achieve them. Students, teachers and parents worldwide choose our Verbalists Language Network as their trusted guide for the finest in educational services and language travel. Enroll for English study abroad with us and enjoy the excitement, flexibility and dependability of an accredited organization and … Read more English learning at its best
All rights for the entire website http://www.prodirektgroup.com are reserved. All information and material, both written and graphic, on the website http://www.prodirektgroup.com is, to the extent permitted by law, the subject of copyright or otherwise protected intellectual property of PRODIREKT LLC and its associated partners whose content is included in the website http://www.prodirektgroup.com and any other media properties of PRODIREKT LLC.
Users may use content on the website http://www.prodirektgroup.com exclusively for their own personal, non-commercial, use. Any other use of the content of the website http://www.prodirektgroup.com for commercial purposes is not permitted. The information and material published on this website may not be copied, duplicated or in any other way distributed for commercial purposes without the express written permission of PRODIREKT LLC.
PRODIREKT LLC may at any time change this legal notice, which shall be binding for users in its latest updated version.
Privacy and personal data protection
PRODIREKT LLC, with its registered office at 1013 Centre Road, 403-A, Wilmington, DE 19805, United States of America, respects and protects your personal information. PRODIREKT LLC preserves the right to collect only the information about visitors to web pages that do not disclose personal characteristics of individuals and for statistical purposes only.
In certain sections of our website, for the purpose of correspondence, registration on the website, receiving bulletins, shopping or participating in web prize games and so forth, you will entrust your personal data to us. PRODIREKT LLC guarantees and undertakes to protect personal data as confidential, in accordance with the valid legislation. The data you provide to us will not be disclosed to third parties or unauthorised persons, and will be used solely for the purpose for which it was provided.
Caution regarding unauthorized or improper use
For security reasons, as well as to ensure unimpeded service for all users, PRODIREKT LLC uses software to monitor traffic and to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or alter information or in some other way to cause damage. In the event of authorized lawful investigation and in accordance with the necessary lawful procedures, information from these sources may be used to identify individuals.
Disclaimer
All information and material on the website www.prodirektgroup.com is of an informational nature. PRODIREKT LLC strives to ensure that the information it publishes is correct, updated and complete, but in respect of its accuracy or integrity it assumes no legal liability relating to accuracy, completeness or the usability of any information, product or described procedure.
PRODIREKT LLC may not be held liable for damage (including that caused by viruses) to computer equipment, mobile telephones or any other application offering access to the website http://www.prodirektgroup.com, caused by users visiting the website or any use thereof. PRODIREKT LLC shall not be liable for any damage of any kind arising from the use or incapacity to use the website http://www.prodirektgroup.com.
PRODIREKT LLC reserves the right to change the content of the website www.prodirektgroup.com at any time, in any manner and irrespective of the reason without prior notice, and accepts no liability whatsoever for any consequences of such change.
External links
For convenience, certain pages or sub-pages of the website www.prodirektgroup.com may, for the purpose of providing comprehensive education and consulting service information, contain links to various external addresses, such as other websites, individual pages or other resources. We accept no responsibility for access, content or errors in external links, nor may users of the website www.prodirektgroup.com assume that the websites on external links adhere to the same principles of respecting privacy and personal data protection as those followed by PRODIREKT LLC. PRODIREKT LLC accepts no liability whatsoever related to visiting and using linked websites.
Spam
When you visit our website it is possible that your internet browser will generate spam (undesired advertising). Such advertising is most probably generated by other internet sites or other software installed on your computer. PRODIREKT LLC does not approve of or recommend products or services presented as spam on your computer while you visit our website.
Copyright
This website contains material that is protected by copyright law. The contributing authors and other copyright holders reserve the right to reproduce or redistribute this material. All persons who reproduce or redistribute this information are expected to abide by the conditions and obligations required by the authors or copyright holders. Nevertheless, such protected material may be quoted and used in good faith, in accordance with copyright regulations, which generally permit use for non-commercial educational purposes such as study, research, criticism, news and reporting.
Facebook
Posted comments are the reflection of the writer’s personal assessment and opinion, and do not represent the views of PRODIREKT LLC.
We reserve the right, using our own judgment and without explanation, to remove or alter any comment posted via the Facebook application on the website http://www.prodirektgroup.com that in any way infringes on the rights of others or is in any way unlawful, insulting, defamatory, vulgar or in any other way controversial.
Share this:WhatsAppSkypeFacebookLinkedInPocketTwitterTumblrPinterestRedditEmailPrint
Follow Us
LinkedIn
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
Twitter
Follow PRODIREKT via Email
Enter your email address to follow PRODIREKT and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Join 912 other followers
Email Address:
Follow
Recent Posts
Fighting fake news
Can international students receive a huge scholarship to top-ranked universities in the USA?
Study in Hungary – these are the best universities
Change to the quarantine rules in England, self-isolation for arrivals may be reduced to 6 days
International students are switching destinations in their search for in-person learning; Canada is the first choice
CANADA Work & Study: ILAC CollegeFollow PRODIREKT on Facebook
Follow PRODIREKT on Facebook
Follow Verbalists on Facebook
Follow Verbalists on Facebook
Follow Verbalists on TwitterMy Tweets
Scroll to Top
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy