http://products.bigfrogmountain.com/shop/help.php?section=business
Home
::
Privacy Statement
Printable version
Privacy Statement
ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES
This Privacy Policy and Terms of Use discloses the practices of this website
concerning personal information we obtain about you.
By using the website or in any way accessing
BigFrogMountain.Com, or using other services that Big Frog Mountain Corp. (BFMC) may provide here, you are accepting the practices
described in the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and all Terms &. Conditions of Sales. Should you not agree with the usage policies described, you have the right to exit this website and should not continue to use or visit this website.
This Policy notifies you of: (a) what personal information of yours is collected
when you access BigFrogMountain.Com and/or use the Services (b) how the information is collected
(c) how the information is used and shared (d) our efforts to maintain the security of Sensitive
Information and (e) other details concerning your personal information and our policies.
This Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that BFMC does not
own or control, or to people that we do not employ or manage.
Information Collection and Terms of Use
Information collected at BigFrogMountain.Com is stored in a secure database,
accessible only by BFMC. This website collects information from our
paying members (subscribers) or other persons who use, attempt to use, or access BigFrogMountain.Com and other websites under our control, all or some of which may be applied to providing the services and information you request from us:
Registration
When you sign up to be a subscriber of the Services, we ask for, and you are required to
give, your name, address, zip code, telephone number, email address, credit card or
checking account number, and credit card expiration date. Once you register with us, you
are not anonymous to us.
Cookies
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computers hard drive
through your Web browser to enable use of the web site services.
Log Files
The BigFrogMountain.Com website automatically receives and records information on its server logs from your
Web browser, including your IP address, cookie information, and the page you requested.
We use the non-personal information such as IP addresses and cookies to analyze trends, administer the site, track members and users
movements on our sites, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Use of Information
Information we collect is generally used for the following purposes:
To build and improve features that will make the services available on
our site easier to use.
This includes faster search requests, better
customer support and timely notice of new services and special offers.
To improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze
site usage, improve our content and product offerings, and customize our
sites content, layout, and services.
These uses improve our Services and better
tailor them to meet your needs.
To resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use.
At times, we may look across multiple members or users to identify problems or resolve
disputes, and in particular we may examine your information to identify members using
multiple Member Ids or aliases.
Except as otherwise provided herein, to enable ecommerce functionality of the site and/or enhance the Services.
For example, with regard to non-members (e.g. users) or former members,
BFMC does not sell or rent aggregated statistical information and user or former member specific information,
including name, address and telephone number, to third-parties.
Absent an active members consent, we do not sell or rent aggregated statistical information or member
specific information, such as the active members name, address, or telephone number, to third-parties.
We do not reveal a users or members credit card numbers or bank account information ("Sensitive
Information") to any participating buyer, seller, manufacturer, retailer, or sponsor of
BigFrogMountain.Com (collectively referred to as "Providers") unless the user or member consents and affirmatively respond to the Providers offer and/or the
Provider agrees to provide the property, product or service requested and in that case only information as needed to complete the customer's requested transaction.
We reserve the right to disclose personal information, including Sensitive Information,
when we believe that such disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law or a request
by a government agency, to protect the rights or property of BFMC, or to
enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use.
Safe Harbor Compliance
BFMC adheres to the Safe Harbor Agreement concerning the transfer of personal data from the EU to the United States. Accordingly, BFMC follows the Safe Harbor Principles published by the U.S. Department of Commerce ("Principles") with respect to all such data, and this Statement complies with such Principles. Compliance with the Principles may be limited, however, in certain cases to the extent necessary to meet national security, public interest or law enforcement requirements. All BFMC personnel with access to personal data are obligated to familiarize themselves and comply with provisions of this Statement.
Agents
We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf including fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail,
removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing
marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service.
These services may have access to necessary personal and Sensitive Information needed to perform their
functions, but may not use it for other purposes. The BigFrogMountain.com website managing company, Big Frog Mountain Corporation,
performs all payment processing for the BigFrogMountain.com website.
Special Offers and Announcements
We send all new members a welcoming email or other notification to verify password and
username. Active members and former members will occasionally receive information on products, services,
special deals, and a newsletter. You may opt out of receiving future emails at any time by notifiying us via email in response.
Security
BFMC takes every reasonable precaution to protect our users and members Sensitive Information,
both online and offline. Your Sensitive Information is password-protected for your
privacy and security. Sensitive Information is encrypted and is protected online with
certified security encryption software for the industry - SSL.
Sensitive Information is also protected offline in our offices.
Servers that we store Sensitive Information on are kept in a secure environment.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email
to postmaster at bigfrogmountain.com .
Other Sites
The BigFrogMountain.Com website may contain links that sometimes forward users and members to other information sites. Please be aware
that BFM Corp. is not responsible for the business and privacy practices of these
other sites.
Correction/Updating/Removing Personal Information
If a members personal information changes,
we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, remove or update that members personal
data provided to us. This can be done by contacting our Customer Service
Department by emailing sales at bigfrogmountain.com.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our Policy, we will post these changes on this website or
provide other notification of our revised Policy so our users and members are made aware of
what information we collect, how we use it, and when we disclose it.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection
BigFrogMountain.Com serves general users of the World Wide Web.
We support and comply with
the Childrens Online Protection Act (COPPA) and we do not knowingly collect
information from children under the age of 13, nor do we share such information with
third parties.
Children under the age of 18 may use BigFrogMountain.Com only with the consent and
involvement of a parent or guardian.
Big Frog Mountain Corporation Actively and Agressively works with Law Enforcement Agencies to fight both SPAM and Internet and Credit Card Fraud attempts.
Select A Category
Energy Efficient Appliances
Solar Powered Electric Fans
Natural Light Attic Fans (21)
Tubular Skylights, Solar Lights & Skylights
Natural Light Energy Systems - Tubular Skylights (7)
Velux Sun Tunnels (27)
Solar Ovens (1)
Refrigerators/Freezers
Engel (28)
SunDanzer (6)
Composters & Toilets (5)
Washers & Dryers
Staber Washers & Dryers (3)
Energy Systems & Parts
Outback Power Inverters and Parts (10)
OutBack Power Accessories (27)
OutBack Grid-Tie W/Backup (4)
OutBack Off-Grid Inverters (3)
OutBack Mobile-Marine Inverters (1)
OutBack International Off-Grid & Backup Inverters (2)
Batteries, Cables, & Parts
Batteries
East Penn- Deka Batteries (16)
Surrette / Rolls Batteries (15)
Battery Cables (6)
Battery Testers (1)
Water Pumps
Water Pumps (1)
Breakers, Fuses, Arresters, & Enclosure Accessories
DC Fuses (4)
Grounding Equipment (37)
Lightning & Surge Arrestors (3)
OutBack Breakers (3)
Cables & Wire
Battery & Inverter Cables (6)
Pre-Assembled Multi-Contact MC 3 Cables (21)
Pre-Assembled Multi-Contact MC 4 Cables (21)
Solar Energy Collectors
PowerFilm (27)
Sharp (6)
Solar Mounting Hardware
Unirac Solar Mounting Hardware (131)
Wiley WEEB Hardware (54)
Tax Rebates & Incentives
SSL Certificate
New Arrivals
Apr 26, 2019
Natural Light Dimmer Kit
Jan 17, 2019
Engel 45 Fridge & Freezer- MT45F-U1 Platinum
Jan 17, 2019
Natural Light Tubular Skylights for Flat Roofs
Your cart
Cart is empty
Wish list
Gift registry
Authentication
Sign in
Register
Forgot password?
Manufacturers
Analytic Systems
BZ Products
Deka
East Penn / Deka
Engel
EverLite
MK Battery
Multi-Contact
Natural Light
OutBack
PowerFilm
Samlex
Sharp
ShurFlo
SMA
Solar Converters Inc
Staber
Steca
Sun-Mar
SunDanzer
Surrette / Rolls
UniRac
Velux
Viqua
Wiley Electronics
Other manufacturers...
Special
Gift certificates
Search for events
Special offers
Sitemap
Products Map
New Arrivals
On sale
Ordering
Contact Us
About our site
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
Ordering Information
Projects
Glossary
Contact Us
Links
About Us
Shopping Cart
Product Catalog
BFMC Home Page
Search:
advanced search
US Toll Free Phone: 1-877-232-1580
International & Local: 1-423-265-0307
Ordering
Contact Us
About our site
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
Powered by the Sun
Copyright © 1997-2020 Big Frog Mountain Corporation