https://professionalcredit.com/privacy-policy
Get our App, PCSDirectPay!
Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerProtecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the website www.pcsdirectpay.com/np and Ray Klein Inc., dba Professional Credit Service, and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Professional Credit Service, or PCS, include www.pcsdirectpay.com/np and the company, Ray Klein Inc., dba Professional Credit Service. By using the Professional Credit Service website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Professional Credit Service may collect personally identifiable information such as your name. If you use Professional Credit Service’s products and/or services, we may collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the service or payment transaction. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and/or software may be collected by Professional Credit Service when you visit www.pcsdirectpay.com/np. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Professional Credit Service website.
Use of your Personal Information
Professional Credit Service collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Professional Credit Service may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Professional Credit Service and its affiliates. Professional Credit Service may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Professional Credit Service does not sell, rent, or lease its customer lists or email addresses to third parties. Neither does Professional Credit Service sell, rent or lease the personal information of consumers for accounts it services.
Professional Credit Service may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Professional Credit Service, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Professional Credit Service may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within the Professional Credit Service website, in order to determine which services are the most popular. The data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within the Professional Credit Service website to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Professional Credit Service will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the law or comply with legal process served on Professional Credit Service; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Professional Credit Service; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Professional Credit Service, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Professional Credit Service website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of the cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have turned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Professional Credit Service pages, or register with Professional Credit Service site or services, a cookie helps Professional Credit Service to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Professional Credit Service website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Professional Credit Service features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Professional Credit Service services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Professional Credit Service secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
Children Under Thirteen
Professional Credit Service does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
California Residents
The state Rosenthal Fair Debt Collection Practices Act and the federal Fair Debt Collection Practices Act require that, except under unusual circumstances, collectors may not contact you before 8 a.m. or after 9 p.m. They may not harass you by using threats of violence or arrest or by using obscene language. Collectors may not use false or misleading statements or call you at work if they know or have reason to know that you may not receive personal calls at work. For the most part, collectors may not tell another person, other than your attorney or spouse, about your debt. Collectors may contact another person to confirm your location or enforce a judgment. For more information about debt collection activities, you may contact the Federal Trade Commission at 1-877-FTC-Help or www.ftc.gov. Nonprofit credit counseling services may be available in the area.
As required by law, you are hereby notified that a negative credit report reflecting on your credit record may be submitted to a credit reporting agency if you fail to fulfill the terms of your credit obligations. But we will not submit a negative credit report to a credit reporting agency about this credit obligation until the expiration of the time period described on the front of this letter.
Colorado Residents
A consumer has the right to request in writing that a debt collector or collection agency cease further communication with the consumer. A written request to cease communication will not prohibit the debt collector or collection agency from taking any action authorized by law t ocollect the debt.
FOR INFORMATION ABOUT THE COLORADO FAIR DEBT COLLECTION PRACTICES ACT, SEE WWW.COAG.GOV/CAR.
Local Colorado office for Professional Credit Service.
David Bauer, PC
2594 S. Lewis Way #4
Lakewood, CO 80277
(303) 986-1200
Massachusetts Residents
NOTICE OF IMPORTANT RIGHTS
You have the right to make a written or oral request that telephone calls regarding your debt not be made to you at your place of employment. Any such oral request will be valid for only ten days unless you provide written confirmation of the request postmarked or delivered within seven days of such request. You may terminate this request by writing to the debt collector.
Nevada Residents
Notice to Nevada Consumers owing medical debt: If you pay or agree to pay the debt or any portion of the debt, the payment or agreement to pay may be construed as acknowledgment by you that you owe the debt. It may also be construed as a waiver of any applicable statute of limitations as set forth in NRS 11.190 that otherwise precludes the collection of the debt.
If you do not understand the above notice or you have questions concerning your legal rights or obligations relating to the debt, you should seek independent legal advice from an attorney.
New York Residents
Debt collectors, in accordance with the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, 15 U.S.C. § 1692 et seq., are prohibited from engaging in abusive, deceptive and unfair debt collection efforts, including but not limited to:
the use or threat of violence;
the use of obscene or profane language; and
repeated phone calls made with the intent to annoy, abuse, or harass.
If a creditor or debt collector receives a money judgment against you in court, state and federal laws may prevent the following types of income from being taken to pay the debt:
Supplemental security income, (SSI);
Social security;
Public assistance (welfare);
Spousal support, maintenance (alimony) or child support;
Unemployment benefits;
Disability benefits;
Workers’ compensation benefits;
Public or private pensions;
Veterans’ benefits;
Federal student loans, federal student grants, and federal work study funds; and
Ninety percent of your wages or salary earned in the last sixty days.
Utah Residents
As required by Utah law, you are hereby notified that a negative credit report reflecting on your credit record may be submitted to a credit reporting agency if you fail to fulfill the terms of your credit obligations.
ShareSharePrimary SidebarDecember 10, 2020Utilities: Strategies for recovering the billions owed due to COVIDMoratoria preventing utility shut-offs for Americans impacted by COVID-19 are expiring Nationwide. The deferred payments were critical for many to stay afloat in the months since the onset of the virus, but many Americans are in no better a place now than when it started. Leaving the lingering question—  how... [Read More]Read MoreDecember 3, 2020CFPB New Rules: Implementing EmailThe Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) recently released its updated rule for debt collection practices (Regulation F). The rule provides long-awaited clarification on how the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (FDCPA) will apply to modern communication channels. Today, we want to pick apart the new guidelines from the perspective of... [Read More]Read MoreNovember 19, 2020Health Systems Need Help: Working Together to Preserve Essential OrganizationsNow, nearly nine months into the COVID crisis, health systems across the nation are overwhelmed; more people were reported to be hospitalized with COVID last week than at any other point in the pandemic. While staffing shortages for frontline workers are making headlines, little attention is being given to the... [Read More]Read More« PreviousNext »Footer Copyright © 2020 Professional Credit.
Privacy Policy | Contact us | Careers
Corporate Headquarters:
12204 SE Mill Plain Blvd.
Vancouver, Washington 98684
Professional Credit is a
company.
YouTubeGoogle+FacebookLinkedIn
Get our App, PCSDirectPay!