https://proforest.net/en/about-us/our-mission-and-values-1/privacy-policy
Skip to content. |
Skip to navigation
HomeProgrammesConsultancy servicesFeatured workTrainingNewsPublicationsAbout usContact us
Home
Search Site
Advanced Search…
English
Português
Español
Navigation
HomeProgrammesConsultancy servicesFeatured workTrainingNewsPublicationsAbout usContact us
Implementing responsible practices
Developing capacity
Supporting multistakeholder initiatives
Back to
Our mission and values
Info
Privacy policy
Updated May 2018
Proforest is committed to ensuring the privacy of your personal information is protected. Any personal information provided when using our website and email subscription services will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
This policy clarifies what user information is collected by Proforest through our website or via email subscription services and how we use and protect your personal information. This policy also includes our cookie policy.
What information do we collect?
Non-personal information
Our web server logs all requests to the website and also logs your Internet Protocol (IP) address and the domain name of your Internet Service Provider (ISP). None of your personal details can be derived from this information.
Aggregated (anonymous) website usage information is collected using cookies. For more information see our cookie policy below.
Personal information
In certain cases, you may choose to provide us with personal details, such as your name, email address, or phone number via for instance a form or survey on our website or via email.
How will we use the information collected about you?
The non-personal information we gather is only used for analysing the use of our website to make it work better for you. The Proforest website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies, i.e. text files stored on your computer – more information on this is available below.
If you have provided us with your personal information, we will use this information for the purpose for which you have provided this information, for example to process your registration, to reply to your query or to keep you informed of Proforest activities. We will not use this information for any other purpose than as originally intended without your prior consent.
If you provide us with your contact details, we will only use these details to contact you for the purpose stated – unless you ask us not to. You have the right to ask us not to contact you at any time.
If you sign up to our mailing list, we will use your email to inform you about specific services, activities or events that we believe may be of interest to you. You can easily opt out from receiving this information by following the unsubscribe instructions provided at the bottom of the emails.
We will not share your personal information with any other third party outside the Proforest Group unless you have agreed to this in advance. Some of the requested services require a direct contact with a supplier, subcontractor or partner. In such cases, Proforest will ask for your authorisation before transmitting to the other third party your personal information.
In the following cases, the information will not be considered personal information and therefore will not be subject to confidentiality: (a) when the information was already in the public domain at the time they were received or become of public domain without infringing the terms of this privacy policy (b) when the information is held by the parties on a non-confidential mode, and was received from third parties without infringing the terms of this privacy policy (c) when the disclosure of the information is required by law, regulation or administrative decision, judicial or arbitration.
All your information is stored on secure servers. We will conscientiously protect your personal information against loss, destruction, falsification, manipulation and unauthorised access or unauthorised disclosure.
Cookie policy
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small file that is downloaded onto your device (computer, phone, tablet) when you visit a website. It enables the website to recognise your device and stores some information about your past actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences), so that you don’t have to re-enter or re-set them whenever you come back to the site.
How do we use cookies?
Our website uses several first-party cookies to enhance your use of our website as well as to provide us with information that we can use to improve the site. We do not make use of third-party cookies, so our cookies do not track your behaviour across different websites, only your visit(s) to this website.
We use the following types of cookies on this website:
Functional cookies which enhance your user experience, such as language settings.
Analytic cookies which are used to gather anonymous, aggregate information on how our users find and use our website, such as search terms used to find our site and how users navigate through the website. We use Google Analytics for this purpose, which places a number of first-party cookies on your device. The information generated by these cookies about your use of our website, as well as your IP address, will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google does not associate your IP address with any other data held by them. See for more information: code.google.com/apis/analytics/docs/concepts/gaConceptsCookies.html. (You can also read the Privacy Policy for Google Analytics here.)
The Proforest website does not depend on cookies to function, so you can choose to turn them off and still access our site. You will be asked for consent before any of these cookies are stored on your device. You can delete or block these cookies (for details see www.aboutcookies.org).The cookie related information is not used to identify you personally and the data is fully under our control. These cookies are not used for any purpose other than those described here.
Links to other websites
Proforest website may include links to other websites that are not covered by our privacy policy. By clicking on these third-party websites, the use of any information that you provide on another website is subject to the privacy policy of the site you are visiting.  Proforest accepts no responsibility for the data privacy strategies or the content of these other websites.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and will place any updates on this page. This privacy policy was last updated in May 2018.
Questions and comments
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or the information we hold on you, or you want us to correct, update or delete your information, please email us on info@proforest.net.
Navigation
About us
The Proforest Group
Our mission and values
Privacy policy
Complaint/concerns form
Our expertise
Our team
Vacancies
Download
English PDF | Spanish PDF
About this site
Sitemap
Our privacy policy
Our cookies policy
© Proforest
Contact us: info@proforest.net
International Office: +44 (0)1865243439
Africa Office: +233 (0)302542975
Latin America Office: (Brazil)
+55 6138792249
(Colombia) +57 (2)3481791
Southeast Asia Office: +60 (0)322420021
Personal tools
Log in