https://progenics.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
About Us
Vision
Management Team
Board of Directors
Compliance Program
Careers
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: July 2020
This website is owned by Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Progenics”).  This Privacy Policy is designed to tell you about our practices regarding collection, use, and disclosure of information that you may provide us via this website, over the telephone, through your mobile device, or that we otherwise acquire from your participation in or use of our programs or services.
We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy thoroughly, to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices.
Progenics may provide additional privacy policies to individuals at the time we collect their data. For example, we provide a specific privacy notice or policy to clinical trial participants that describe our privacy practices in connection with conducting clinical trials. This type of an “in-time” notice will govern how we may process the information you provide at that time.
By using this website, you signify your consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described by this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, do not participate in or use any Progenics programs or services, and if you are viewing this Policy, please close your browser and exit this Progenics website.
Collection, Use, and Disclosure
Any communication or material that you transmit to, or post on, this website by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions or the like, is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and nonproprietary information. Progenics and any of its affiliates may use such communication or material for any purpose whatsoever as permitted by applicable law, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and further posting. Further, Progenics and its affiliates are free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any communication or material you send to or via this website for any purpose whatsoever. Progenics will not sell, trade, exchange or otherwise make available any personally identifiable information to any other company or organization not directly affiliated with Progenics except to comply with the law or other legal process; with our service providers in connection with their work on our behalf; to protect the rights, property, life, health, security, and safety of Progenics, the website or any third party; in connection with a proposed merger, purchase, or sale of our business; or with your consent.
Progenics may also obtain information about you from other sources, and combine such information with information collected about you on this website or through emails. To the extent Progenics combines such third party sourced information with personally identifiable information Progenics has collected about you on this website or through emails, Progenics will treat the combined information as personally identifiable information under this Privacy Policy.
Traffic Analysis/Tracking Technologies
Progenics may use tracking technologies on this website and in emails to collect information from you, such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, and connected hardware. The tracking technologies used may include cookies, web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”), embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, and other tracking technologies now and hereafter developed. If Progenics uses cookies on this website, it will only be in relation to log analysis, forms completion and to aid in your ease of use. These tracking technologies may be operated by Progenics or third parties. For example, Progenics uses Google Analytics to analyze traffic to this website and compile statistic reports on the website’s activity. You may exercise choice regarding the use of cookies from Google Analytics by going to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout or downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. In addition, you may generally disable or remove regular cookies by tools available as part of most commercial browsers. Please be aware that if you disable or remove any tracking technologies some parts of the website may not work. Progenics is not responsible for and makes no representations regarding third party policies, practices, or opt-outs, and encourages you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use. You have a variety of tools to control cookies and similar technologies, including browser controls to block and delete cookies. Please look at your particular browser for instructions on these functions. You may also wish to refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html.
Email/Forms
If Progenics offers you the ability to sign up for email newsletters and announcements, Progenics will never sell your email address or share it with anyone else not directly affiliated with Progenics except to comply with the law or other legal process; with our service providers in connection with their work on our behalf; to protect the rights, property, life, health, security, and safety of Progenics, the website or any third party; in connection with a proposed merger, purchase, or sale of our business; or with your consent. Inquiry forms, such as information requests, or site registration, collect information that is stored using appropriate security measures and that will only be used to direct you to the resources you seek. This may include follow up by one of our associates to answer questions you may have.
Links To Other Sites
The Progenics website contains links to other websites and internet resources. Progenics is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other websites and internet resources.
“Do Not Track”
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to online services you visit. Note, however, there is no industry consensus as to what site operators should do with regard to these signals. Accordingly, Progenics does not monitor or take action with respect to “Do Not Track” signals or other mechanisms. For more information on “Do Not Track,” visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
Accessing Your Information
You may access, update, or remove certain information that you have voluntarily submitted to Progenics through the website by sending Progenics an email at privacy@progenics.com or sending a letter addressed to Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc., c/o Lantheus Holdings, Inc., 331 Treble Cove Rd., N. Billerica, MA 01862, Attention: Legal Department. Progenics may require additional information from you to allow Progenics to confirm your identity. Please note that Progenics will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce its agreements.
Your California Privacy Rights
As a California resident, you may be able to exercise the following rights in relation to the personal information about you that we have collected under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) (subject to certain exemptions and limitations at law). The provisions below only apply to the extent your personal data is covered by the CCPA. Please note that if the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process personal information, we may not be able to provide our products or services to individuals who exercise these rights, or to otherwise engage with such individuals going forward. In addition, your rights and choices may be limited in certain cases: for example, if you ask to delete information which we are required or allowed by law to keep.
The Right to Know
You may have the right to request any or all of the following information relating to your personal information we have collected and disclosed in the last 12 months, upon verification of your identity:
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources of the personal information;
The categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom this information was disclosed;
The categories of personal information we have sold about you (if any) and the categories of third parties to whom the information was sold; and
The business or commercial purposes for collecting or, if applicable, selling personal information about you.
The Right to Request Deletion
You have the right to request the deletion of personal information we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
The Right to Opt-Out of Personal Information “Sales”
You may have the right to direct us not to “sell” personal information we have collected about you to third parties now or in the future.
Note about “Sales”: Progenics does not “sell” personal information as most people would typically understand that term.  For more information, please see the “Use and Disclosure of Personal Information” section below.
The Right to Non-Discrimination
You may have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising these rights.
Collection of Personal Information
In the last 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information: identifiers, California customer records categories, protected classification characteristics, commercial information, internet/network information, sensory information, professional/employment information, other personal information, and inferences.
California’s “Shine the Light” Law
Progenics will not share personal information as defined by California’s “Shine the Light” (Civil Code Section §1798.83) law with third parties and/or affiliates for such third parties’ and affiliates’ own direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and wish to obtain information about our compliance with this law, please send Progenics an email at privacy@progenics.com or send a letter addressed to Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc., c/o Lantheus Holdings, Inc., 331 Treble Cove Rd., N. Billerica, MA 01862, Attention: Legal Department. Requests must include “California Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. Please note that Progenics is not required to respond to requests made by means other than through the provided email address or mail address.
Information for Nevada Residents
Under Nevada law, Nevada residents may opt-out of the “sale” of their personal information, where the information is exchanged for monetary consideration.  We do not engage in such activity; however, if you are a Nevada resident, you may submit a request to opt-out of potential future sales under Nevada law by emailing us a privacy@progenics.com.  Please note we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request.  Once verified, we will maintain your request in the event our practices change.
EU Data Transfers and Privacy Shield
Progenics has applied to participate in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding personal information collected from the European Union and European Economic Area (collectively, “EU”). Progenics has certified or will certify to the Department of Commerce and hereby confirms that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of Policy, choice, accountability for onward transfer, security, data integrity and purpose limitation, access, and recourse, enforcement and liability when it receives or accesses personal information from the EU, in particular, in connection with services provided by its subsidiary EXINI Diagnostics AB (“EXINI”).
Progenics may collect personal information such as names, mailing addresses, email addresses, and phone numbers of customers or prospective customers in connection with services provided by EXINI. In addition, under certain circumstances, Progenics may receive and access sensitive data, such as patient information and images from clinical studies, in connection with EXINI’s service offerings to its customers. EXINI processes such personal information for a range of business purposes, including providing products and services, billing for products and services, maintaining security, complying with legal requests, and conducting research and data analytics. EXINI, as a subsidiary of Progenics, may disclose this personal information to its affiliates, service providers, and other third parties as permitted by applicable law, including to protect the rights, property, life, health, security, and safety of EXINI, Progenics or any third party, in connection with a proposed merger, purchase, or sale of Progenics’ and/or EXINI’s business, with EXINI’s customers’ consent (where those customers have represented that they have obtained any legally required consent of the data subjects at issue), or, where required, in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If you are a European data subject, you have the right to ask us not to disclose your personal information to third parties (other than to our service providers, agents, and affiliates) or use your personal information for purposes materially different than for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. To exercise your right, please send us an email at privacy@progenics.com or send a letter addressed to Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc., c/o Lantheus Holdings, Inc., 331 Treble Cove Rd., N. Billerica, MA 01862, Attention: Legal Department. Progenics shall be liable to EU data subjects for any third party agent to which Progenics transfers that EU data subject’s personal information and that processes such personal information in a manner that violates the Privacy Shield Principles, unless Progenics can demonstrate that it is not responsible for the resulting damages.
In accordance with the Privacy Shield Principle of access, Progenics makes reasonable efforts to accommodate EU data subject privacy preferences and access to their personal information as required by applicable law in their home countries and local regulations. If you are an EU data subject and wish to review or correct your personal information that has been received or accessed by Progenics, please submit a written request to the address below, and Progenics will respond to your request within a reasonable time period.
If you have an inquiry or complaint regarding Progenics’ compliance with Privacy Shield with relation to personal information, please send Progenics an email at privacy@progenics.com or send a letter addressed to Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc., c/o Lantheus Holdings, Inc., 331 Treble Cove Rd., N. Billerica, MA 01862, Attention: Legal Department. If Progenics is unable to resolve your complaint directly, you may submit your complaint at no cost to you to JAMS at https://www.jamsadr.com/file-an-eu-us-privacy-shield-or-safe-harbor-claim. As further explained in the Privacy Shield Principles, a binding arbitration option will also be made available to you in order to address residual complaints not resolved by any other means. Progenics is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, and to view Progenics’ certification for personal information, please visit http://www.privacyshield.gov. A list of companies certified under the Privacy Shield Framework is available at the following link: https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.
Children
This website is intended for a general audience and not directed to children under thirteen (13) years of age. Progenics does not knowingly collect personal information as defined by the U.S. Children’s Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) in a manner that is not permitted by COPPA. If you are a parent or guardian and believe Progenics has collected such information in a manner not permitted by COPPA, please send Progenics an email at privacy@progenics.com or send a letter addressed to Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc., c/o Lantheus Holdings, Inc., 331 Treble Cove Rd., N. Billerica, MA 01862, Attention: Legal Department, and we will remove such data to the extent required by COPPA.
Data Security
Progenics takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Nevertheless, transmission via the internet is not completely secure and Progenics cannot guarantee the security of your information collected through this website or Progenics emails.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Progenics, may, at any time, revise this Policy and disclaimer by updating this posting. If the changes are material, we may provide you additional Policy to your email address. Your continued use of our service will make you bound by any such revisions and you should, therefore, periodically visit this page to review the then-current conditions applicable to your use of this website.
Retention Period
Progenics will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Notice unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Questions & Concerns
Questions regarding privacy should be directed to privacy@progenics.com.