https://promotionalpropsandcostumes.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyCarl Barton2019-05-29T14:52:43+00:00
Privacy Policy – Promotional Props and Costumes
At Promotional Props and Costumes, we are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our customers. The information we collect is only ever used for our own purposes. We will never pass any details to a third party unless it is strictly necessary. This notice details the information we collect, how we use it and how it is kept secure.
Our Lawful Basis for Processing Personal Information
Promotional Props and Costumes processes personal and none personal information to facilitate our business activities. Our legal basis for processing this information is detailed below;
Contract: By using the services that Promotional Props and Costumes provide you are entering into a contract and are providing us with the authorisation to process certain pieces of personally identifiable information. This includes;
Name
Address
Email Address
Telephone Number
This information is only used by Promotional Props and Costumes to allow us to carry out the services requested.
Consent: When a website contact form is completed, the personal data you have entered is stored in our customer database. This information is then used by us to reply to your enquiry. A contact form can only be submitted if you have consented to us storing your information by ticking the form checkbox. If you do not wish to have your information stored you can still contact us by the methods shown below;
Telephone: 0115 9474440
Email: info@promotionalpropsandcostumes.co.uk
Types of data we collect
Website Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing an identifier, such as a string of numbers or letters, which are automatically downloaded to your browser by a web server when you visit a website. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies are an important tool used by websites as they effectively act as a memory by allowing websites to recognise a browser and remember what it has done in the past.
Cookies perform a lot of different functions and can be used differently depending on the website you visit. Generally, their main purpose is to improve a user’s experience by remembering your preferences or helping you navigate between pages on the website. Cookies are also used for marketing purposes by ensuring adverts you see online are related to your interests.
If you would like to find out more information about cookies you can visit the following websites; http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ and http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.
Why do Promotional Props and Costumes Use Cookies?
We want to provide you with the best experience possible when using our website, and cookies help us achieve this.
What Cookies do Promotional Props and Costumes Use?
Promotional Props and Costumes use a category of Cookie known as Analytical Cookies;
This type of cookie collects anonymous information on the pages you visit.
These cookies gather information on how visitors use a website, for example, which pages are most popular or when error messages are displayed. These cookies do not collect any information that identifies a visitor. All information collected is anonymous and is purely used to improve how a website works.
Not Accepting Cookies or Requesting Cookies be Disabled after Acceptance
You do not have to accept cookies from Promotional Props and Costumes. It is entirely down to the user to determine how they wish to manage their web browsing experience.
Once you have provided us with consent to use cookies, you may, of course, change your mind in which case you entitled to withdraw consent at any time.
All major browsers allow you to amend your cookie options or simply disallow them altogether. You can usually find out how to this in the help menu of your browser. The following website provides information for all recent versions of popular browsers used on the market today. http://www.aboutcookies.org/default.aspx?page=1.
Access to Your Personal Information
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. Please email your request to our data protection officer Liz Johnson at info@promotionalpropsandcostumes.co.uk.
Protecting Your Data
We understand the need to ensure your data is protected against accidental loss or disclosure, destruction and abuse. We have implemented processes, both online and offline, to protect against this.
How Long is Data Held
Personal data is held only as long as it is required and may vary depending on the type of data and why we need it. Some data retention periods are governed by law.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We reserve our right to make changes and updates to the privacy policy without providing notice as and when required. The current and most up to date version of this policy will always be posted on the website.
External Websites
This privacy policy covers https://promotionalpropsandcostumes.co.uk only. If you follow a hyperlink on our website to an external website, a different privacy policy will apply. Promotional Props & Costumes has no control, and are not responsible for the practices of third party websites.
Our Details
Our registered office is Unit 14, Chaucer Court Workshops, Chaucer Street, Nottingham, NG1 5LP
Our Trading address is Unit 14, Chaucer Court Workshops, Chaucer Street, Nottingham, NG1 5LP
You can contact us in writing at our trading address or by email at info@promotionalpropsandcostumes.co.uk and by phone on 0115 9474440.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks