https://promptingplus.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy & Cookie Policy
This explains our approach to privacy and how it affects you.
Cookies, a summary of how we collect data:-
We collect anonymous statistics about your visit, like which of our pages you viewed using Google Analytics. This requires the _gat and _ga cookie to be stored in your browser. You can opt out at anytime here.
Some 3rd parties like Facebook and Twitter may know you visited this website if you use their services. We can’t control them but we don’t believe this knowledge poses any threat to you.
If you sign up with us we take great care to keep your information safe and we’ll never share it with others without your express permission.
We never share your data with 3rd parties except to help us deliver our own services.
What we collect
We may collect the following information from direct communication with yourself, by giving us your data we assume consent to keep this unless otherwise stated:
name
address
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.
These are just the key points. If you need detail, keep reading.
Measuring visitors
We measure visitors to our website using Google Analytics. This records what pages you view within our site, how you arrived at our site and some basic information about your computer. All of that information is anonymous – so we don’t know who you are; just that somebody visited our site.
The information we collect from analytics helps us understand what part of our site is doing well, how people arrive at our site and so on. Like most websites, we use this information to make our website better.
You can learn more about Google Analytics or opt out if you wish.
Social networks
These services provide social buttons and similar features which we use on our website such as the “Like” and “Tweet” buttons.
To do so we embed code that the social networks provide and we do not control ourselves. To function, their buttons generally know if you’re logged in; for example, Facebook uses this to say “x of your friends like this”. We do not have any access to that information, nor can we control how those networks use it.
Social networks, therefore, could know that you’re viewing this website if you use their services (that isn’t to say they do, but their policies may change). As our website is remarkably inoffensive we imagine this is not a concern for most users.
Emails
If you contact us, or enquire about our services, we may in the future send you email notifications, you have the ability to opt out of any of this communication at any time. We will never provide your personal information or email address to any third parties except where they are specifically employed to help deliver our own services, as detailed above.
Security
Prompting Plus takes many precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. These precautions include:
Hardware stored in secured datacentres
All access to information restricted by password
Restrictions to what information can be accessed
While we take great care to ensure any confidential information remains protected we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the Internet.
Data finding
Prompting Plus makes use of various 3rd party APIs to collect information about websites, for example, we use the Google Maps API to gather local presence information (see Google Map’s privacy policy).
Updates to this policy
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time, particularly as technology changes. You can always check this page for the latest version. We may also notify you of changes to our privacy policy by email.
If there are any questions regarding this Policy you may contact us using the information below.
Prompting Plus Limited
Prompting House
Buntsford Hill Business Park
Bromsgrove
B60 3DX
E-mail: enquiries@promptingplus.co.uk
Telephone: 01527 877994
Any questions?
Our customers may submit inquiries regarding personal data protection, privacy and security matters to the Prompting Plus data controller Peter Larter, E-mail: peter.larter@promptingplus.co.uk or in writing at the above address.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.