https://proparms.com/privacy-statement/
The Gold Standard in Disrupter Technology
AboutSafetyProductsWorldwide ReachResourcesContact
Log In
The Gold Standard in Disrupter Technology
Menu
The Gold Standard in Disrupter Technology
X
AboutSafetyProductsWorldwide ReachResourcesContact
Log In
Privacy Statement
Proparms Ltd. recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of all information provided by users of our website and registrants of our Restricted Login Area. This policy was created with a fundamental respect for our customers’ rights to privacy and to guide our relationships with our customers worldwide. This Privacy Statement discloses the privacy practices for all products and services owned by Proparms Ltd.
Information Collection and Use
Proparms Ltd. may collect individual or collective information from our website users. In this section of our Privacy Statement, we describe the type of information we collect and how we use it, to help us better serve our customers.
COMMUNICATIONS WITH US
We have features where our customers may submit information to us. Where such submissions include requests for service, support, or information, we may forward them to our agents as indicated, to best respond to the specific request. In addition, we may retain e-mails and other information sent to us, for our internal administrative purposes and to help us better serve our customers.
CORRECTING/UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
Customers can notify us to correct and update personal information that you have provided to us by the Contact section.
CHILDREN
Proparms Ltd. website is not directed at individuals in the general population and, in particular, not at individuals under the age of twenty one years (21), and Proparms Ltd. does not intend to collect any personally identifiable information from such individuals.
REGISTRATION AND LOGIN
When Proparms Ltd. authorizes a client to access the Restricted Login Area, Proparms Ltd. will allocate a user name and a password to ensure client authentication. Proparms Ltd. may want to track the login activity, by assigned personnel, to ensure secured access. This Restricted Login Area is updated as required.
Automatic Data Collection
Sections of our website have features that automatically collect information from our customers to enable us to deliver content specific to their interests and needs. For example, we use “cookies”, which are files stored on the user’s hard drive by their browser. Cookies benefit the user by requiring login only once, thereby saving time while on our website. If users disable them, their activity in some areas of our website may be limited. For example, the user may not be able to automatically login to our site. Additionally, we may note some of the pages the user visits on our website through the use of pixel tags (gifs). The use of cookies and pixels, enable us to collect information regarding customer traffic patterns and site usage.
SECURITY
Proparms Ltd. uses every reasonable precaution to protect our customer’s personal information and to store it, securely. Sensitive information that is transmitted to us online in the Restricted Login Area, is encrypted and is transmitted to us, securely. In addition, access to all of our customers information, is restricted. Only employees who require the information to perform a specific task are granted access to personally identifiable information. Finally, the servers on which we store personally identifiable information, are kept in a secure environment.
Notification and Change
Proparms Ltd. reserves the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time. In the event, we modify this Privacy Statement, we will post such change on this page to allow our users to be aware of which information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstance, if any, we disclose it. Users should check this website frequently to see if any recent changes to this Privacy Statement have occurred.
For questions concerning this Privacy Statement, please contact us by the Contact section.
Privacy StatementDisclaimer
© 2020 Proparms Ltd. All rights reserved.