https://prosightinspections.com/terms-of-use/
Pro-Sight Property Inspections
info@prosightinspections.com
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us and we are lawfully obliged to inform you about how we collect and use your data. As such, we developed this privacy policy in order for you to get insight in how we gather, disclose and convey the use of your personal data. This policy outlines the ways in which this personal data is used by www.prosightinspections.com. This policy applies to both the website and all products and services offered on this domain.
Web Browser Cookies
www.prosightinspections.com might store “cookies” on a visitor’s storage device, in order to improve the user experience. These web browser cookies are necessary to remember setting, such as log in status or language preferences. Users of this website can change their browser setting in such a way to make the storage of this personal data impossible, but should realize that consequently parts of this website may seize to function correctly.
Personal Identification
We may collect personal identification data from visitors of this website. Visitors may be asked for:
• Name;
• Physical address and contact information;
• Phone and email address;
We only gather personal data from site users, if they voluntarily submit such information or if they were collected by web browser cookies, including cookies from third parties.
Google AdSense
Some of the ads on this domain may be served by Google. Those ads use a so-called “DART cookie” that enables Google to serve personalized ads, according to a user’s browser history. The DART cookie uses “non personally identifiable information”, which means that it does notcollect personal data, such as your name, email address and physical address. It is possible to opt out of the use of this method for displaying personalized ads, by visiting http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Amazon Associates Disclaimer
www.prosightinspections.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
Applications Of Collected Information
As far as technology allows, we identify the purposes for which personal data is collected, before or during the collection process.
We gather personal identification information for the following applications:
• In order to the service to our customers. The collected data helps us to respond to contact inquiries or customer-service related requests more appropriately.
• The personalization of your experience when browsing our domain, such as region-specific language settings. We may also use collected data to analyze how our users as a group make use of our web application, by tracking their browsing behavior.
• In order to send users information they have agreed to receive, for topics which are of interest to them according to our data-analysis.
• In order to send emails on a periodic basis, which do contain an “unsubscribe”, according to the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003.
We only save personal data for as long as necessary for the completion of the applications stated above.
Sharing Your Personal Data
The personal information collected on this website shall not be traded, rented or sold to third parties. We do reserve the right to share generic information of our visitors as a group, in order for partners to understand the demographics and average behavior of our audience. We also reserve the right to share personal data with third parties that help us send newsletters, surveys or analyze traffic on our behalf. Users have the right to contact us in order to remove and download the website’s collection of this personal data. We may share personal data with these service providers, only for those limited applications that aid us with operating professionalinsightllc.com
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By the continued use of professionalinsightllc.com, you accept the conditions outlined in this privacy policy. If you do not agree with these conditions, then refrain from making any further use of our website or forfeit the right to any privacy-related lawsuits, as a consequence of visiting this website.
This privacy policy was downloaded on the website of https://www.waybackmachinedownloader.com
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or any other matter related to the usage of this site, then please contact us through our contact form.