https://protaxconsulting.com/privacy-policy/
Blog
Client Portal Login
Reviews
Contact us
Protax Consulting Services
4.9
Based on 64 reviews
Stephan Henne 16:51 19 Dec 19
Marc Strohl was absolutely fantastic. He not only gave me the information I needed, but gave me additional professional advice, informed me about my personal situation, and connected me with other contacts who could help me to achieve my goals. Thank you for the great support.
Yiyue Wu 13:52 11 Dec 19
As a foreigner living in the US, Marc helped a lot about my tax issues with his professionalism. What also surprised me was he always replied and answered my questions at the first time I asked him. Highly recommend!
Amit Gupta 05:52 04 Dec 19
Marc was kind enough to speak with me on the phone to explain my options to file taxes as an expat.
He was professional and came across as a subject matter expert.
I would recommend him and his firm to anyone looking to file their taxes especially if they're expats.
Sam Mulligan 20:09 02 Dec 19
I don’t know where we would be without Marc and his team!!!
Our tax situation was far too complicated to consider doing it by ourselves as expats.
When we found Marc all our worries were answered!
He not only filed our taxes throughly and in time but also encouraged and trained us into good filing behaviours to really keep on top of all the details!
A very friendly and helpful team.
If you are looking for tax advisors, look no further!
Mala P 02:24 27 Nov 19
Marc is very knowledgeable and pays great attention to detail. It is rarity to find a CPA like him that has such a good grasp on how to file taxes as an F1-Student. It was a pleasure talking to him and I learned a lot from our phone call.
Maram Azar 01:23 22 Nov 19
I had the pleasure of speaking with Marc Strohl regarding some tax questions of mine. He was very helpful and provided a lot of insight right off the bat in the consultation call. His level of transparency was very much appreciated!
Bas Everts 12:10 20 Nov 19
I went to an extend to find the best CPA in the US to do my taxes as an Expat living in the US. The IRS in the US is very difficult to deal with but after finding ProTax and teaming up with Marc Strohl, he made my tax filling a perfect process. I have used Protax now for many years and would change a thing. To give you an example; I my case the IRS made a significant mistake one year and charged me a lot of extra money what they demanded for me to pay a.s.a.p, Marc Strohl took not only care of this matter (fixings the IRS mistake) but he also made sure I would receive my money back from them as soon as possible. He knows how to put a little pressure on the IRS. All and all, he is a great professional to work with, he does not take any shortcuts and will advice you in the best possible way. He is very prompt with responding and even if its quite, he is still working for you. I have nothing more than great respect for this service. Its hard to find anything close to this (in the US). If you read this because you are looking to find a CPA to put your mind at rest, don't look further, go with ProTax. I do not work or have any ties to ProTax, I am just an Expat that wants other foreign workers to get the level of service we need when working overseas.
Balazs Bognar 01:12 19 Nov 19
Marc and the Protax team are professionals par excellence. Friendly, thorough, and deeply knowledgeable. Efficient and timely communication. Much appreciated with the no-nonsense, straight-to-the-point approach; I look forward to working with Marc and his team for the next tax cycle!
Michael T 04:59 29 Oct 19
I contacted Protax Consulting Services with a query on US estate taxes. They replied promptly and gave me the information I needed.
Professional and courteous.
Chex Yu 23:11 05 Oct 19
Marc was very helpful in getting some of my initial questions answered even just for the first pro-bono consultation.
Derek Tsui 22:11 24 Sep 19
Had a half hour open discussion about tax implication of assets in foreign currencies. Seems very knowledgeable. Upfront about legal and tax regulations. I liked that he had contacts in Australia and knew the people there personally (I am an Australian national). Would recommend people to explore potentially hiring him.
Phoebe Kim 11:37 11 Sep 19
I sent an inquiry via their online contact form, and Marc reached out to me just within couple hours to schedule a complimentary 30-minute consultation for the next day. He was extremely knowledgeable and showed his concern for my situation.
Jenna Hildebrand 21:28 29 Aug 19
I couldn't say enough positive things about Marc. He was extremely helpful and prompt with his responses and even went the extra mile to call me and talk through my concerns while he was on vacation. His knowledge is unparalleled and I have no hesitations moving forward with his firm. Thanks Marc!
A Google User 13:35 09 Jun 19
Me and my husband are very impressed by their professional courtesy
and helpful advice. Marc is very knowledgeable and friendly. He’s
very quick and practical with strong costumer service.
We will recommend everyone
family and friends.
Thank you Marc ?
A Google User 16:57 08 May 19
I used PROTAX Consulting Services for 6 years while I was working overseas.
The services I received were of the highest quality.
Marc Strohl is a top of the line CPA.
He and his team were always available with quick turnaround to questions with expert responses and advice.
A Google User 05:19 15 Mar 19
I have been working with Protax Consulting Services for the past 10 years. Upon moving from Toronto to NYC in the summer of 2007 to take on a permanent role at one of the large foreign banks, I had no idea how complex the cross boarder tax filing process was going to be for the next several years. My employer used the services of one of the top 5 tax firms to file my taxes the first year after I moved. But I was on my own after that. I was referred to Protax by a friend who moved to the US just a year earlier. Working with Protax over the years to address the cross boarder and dual tax filing has been a blessing. The Protax team's detailed knowledge of the tax laws in Canada and the US, their timeliness in addressing every matter, their attention to detail, and their professionalism is top quality. I stand behind every word I say here considering I have worked with them for 10 years and I highly recommend them especially when cross border tax matters are involved.
A Google User 19:44 13 Mar 19
Great service! Thank you Marc for being so helpful and professional. I would recommended Protax tax services to all of the foreigners living in U.S.
A Google User 22:12 07 Mar 19
Phenomenal experience with Protax for 10+ years as a client. Super response times — v professional and personable customer service. In depth knowledge of US expatriate tax issues. Highly recommended to potential clients.
Eyan Allen 17:04 20 Jan 19
I have worked with Protax several years now and I am extremely pleases with there professional work and dedication. Marc Strohl has been great in helping me during my transition from Europe and China to the US. Protax have solved some complicated issues that other tax experts could not, which have resulted in substantial financial tax returns. I look forward to our long term working relationship, and I have and will continue to recommend Protax as the number 1 choice.
See All Reviews
Get a Free Initial Consultation
We will have our tax experts contact you!
x
Protax Consulting Services
Seven Penn Plaza, Suite 416New York, NY 10001
Tel 212.714.9070
Fax 212.714.6654
protax@protaxconsulting.com
www.protaxconsulting.com
EMAIL US
CONTACT US
Contact Us for U.S. International Individual Tax wherever you are, wherever you go
Download our FREE apps
OUR SERVICES
U.S. Expatriates
– Tax Home Test
– Bona Fide Resident Test
– Physical Presence Test
– Form 2555
– Foreign Tax Credit
– Form 1116
Foreign Nationals
– Form 1040NR
– Substantial Presence Test
High Net Worth Taxes
FinCEN FBAR Form 114
Tax Equalization or Protection
Tax Representations
Employers
OUR FIRM,
OUR PEOPLE
Firm
Profile
Testimonials
Client List
Marc J. Strohl, CPA
Featured, Quoted & Published
Events and Speaking Engagements
OUR RESOURCES
Blog
Articles
AITC Worldwide Members
Partners
Newsletter Sign-Up
Forms & Publications
Tax Topic Brochures
Occupation Brochures
Tax Law Changes
Calculators
Track My Refund
Tax Terms
Tax Calendar
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Confidentiality
You may have some concern about the confidentiality of the information you provide to this office. It is our policy to keep your personal and business matters confidential to the extent permitted by law.
Guarding your privacy
Protax Consulting Services is deeply committed to protecting your privacy. Our privacy policy will provide you with the following information:
What personally identifiable information of yours or third party personally identifiable information that is collected
The organization collecting the information
How the information is used
With whom the information may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under Protax control
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, please contact protax@protaxconsulting.com.
Client Information, Privacy Policies
The Federal Trade Commission has issued regulations that require tax preparation firms to provide an annual statement of firm privacy policies. Here is our policy:
We handle all information you provide us with the utmost confidentiality. Your personal information will only be shared with members of our firm who need to know this information in order to complete the work you have hired our firm to do. We will not disclose your personal information to anyone outside our firm without your express written permission to do so, or unless we are legally required to do so. For example, if a mortgage lender contacts our office for a copy of your return or information about it, we will ask that you provide written permission prior to our responding to that request.
Notice Regarding Advisor-Client Privileged Communications
You should also be aware that anything you tell us during the interview for the preparation of your tax return is confidential, but not protected from the IRS. Privileged communications (those that are protected from IRS authority to compel our testimony) are limited to non-criminal tax advice on matters before the IRS or non-criminal tax proceedings in federal courts. Although we consider any information you provide us as confidential, return preparation engagements are not covered by advisor-client privilege.
If you feel the nature of any subject matter to be discussed requires protected communications, please raise that issue so that we can discuss your possible need to consult with an attorney for legal advice.
Referrals are Welcome
Referrals are the cornerstone of any service business. This firm, like other professional service firms, relies on satisfied clients as the primary source of new business. Your referrals are both welcome and most sincerely appreciated!
Since your referrals are generally individuals you are well acquainted with, you can be assured that your personal, financial and tax data will not be shared with them.
An Expression of Confidence
When you refer clients here, you are expressing your faith and confidence in the services this office has and will continue to provide to you.
You may have business associates who need professional tax assistance, or family and friends who struggle to do their own taxes every year. No matter whom you refer, be assured that their individual tax needs will be looked after in the same professional manner you have been.
Thank you for allowing this firm to be of service.
Purpose
Protax Consulting Services (Protax) has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our strong, ongoing commitment to your privacy. The following are our information gathering and dissemination practices.
We use your IP address only to help diagnose problems with our servers and administer our web site. We do not track your IP address as matched to any personal information.
Cookies
The Protax site does store “Cookies” on your computer to manage your use of our website.
Supplementation Information
Protax sometimes supplements the information that you provide with information that is received from third parties, such as financial institutions (e.g., Forms 1099).
Choice/Opt-Out
We give users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at any time. The following options are available for removing your information from our database, so as not to receive future communications or to no longer use our services.
You can send email to protax@protaxconsulting.com.
You can send mail to us at:Protax Consulting Services
Seven Penn Plaza,
Suite 416
New York, NY 10001
You can call us at (212) 714-9070
Notification of Changes
This policy may be revised over time as new features are added to the web site. We will post those changes prominently so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose it to anyone. Please check this site for information about revisions to our privacy policy.
Links to Other Sites
The Protax web site contains links to other sites. This privacy statement is for the sole use and purpose of Protax. Please be aware that Protax is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects your personally identifiable information.
Contacting Protax
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact: protax@protaxconsulting.com.
Member and Featured Faculty of
Association of International Tax Consultants, U.S. Member
CCH Wolters Kluwer Faculty
NYSSCPA’s 100%
Membership Program
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
New York State Society of Certified Public Accountants
Lawline Faculty
Furthered Faculty
Strafford Faculty
Clear Law Institute Faculty
MyCPE
CPA Academy
Member and Featured Faculty of
Association of International Tax Consultants, U.S. Member
CCH Wolters Kluwer Faculty
NYSSCPA’s 100%
Membership Program
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
New York State Society of Certified Public Accountants
Lawline Faculty
Furthered Faculty
Strafford Faculty
Clear Law Institute Faculty
MyCPE
CPA Academy
Contact Us
Client Login
Client Survey
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Blog
© 2020
| Site Maintenance & Optimization by Zrabo Inc
Home
Services
Individuals
U.S. Expatriates
– Tax Home Test
– Bona Fide Resident Test
– Physical Presence Test
– Form 2555
– Foreign Tax Credit
– Form 1116
Foreign Nationals
– Form 1040NR
– Substantial Presence Test
High Net Worth Taxes
FinCEN FBAR Form 114
Tax Equalization or Protection
Tax Representations
Employers
Expatriate Tax Policy Consulting
Expatriate Tax Equalization: Protection Policy Consulting & Compliance
Businesses
Corporate Tax
Partnership Tax
Accounting Business Management Services
Firm
Profile
Client List
Testimonials
Featured, Quoted & Published
Events and Speaking Engagements
Principal
Resources
Blog
Articles
AITC Worldwide Members
Partners
Country Resource pages
U.S. Expatriate Taxes In Australia
U.S. Expatriate Taxes In Canada
U.S. Expatriate Taxes In China
U.S. Expatriate Taxes In Germany
U.S. Expatriate Taxes In Hong Kong
U.S. Expatriate Taxes in Japan
U.S. Expatriate Taxes in Singapore
U.S. Expatriate Taxes In South Korea
U.S. Expatriate Taxes In Switzerland
U.S. Expatriate Taxes In The U.A.E.
U.S. Expatriate Taxes In The U.K.
Blog
2020 Tax Season
2019 Tax Season
2018 Tax Season
2017 Tax Season
2016 Tax Season
2015 Tax Season
2014 Tax Season
2013 Tax Season
2012 Tax Season
2011 Tax Season
Country Resource Guides for U.S. Expats | Protax
Expatriation
Foreign National-Nonresident Aliens
U.S. Expatriate Taxes
Q&A on Expat Taxes
Journals, Publications & More Information
Adoption
Affordable Care Act (ACA)
Amended Filings
AMT
Capital Gains & Losses
Bartering
Businesses
Casualty Losses
Changing Your Name
Charitable Giving
Child and Dependent Care
Child Tax Credit
CPA Profession
Cryptocurrency
Dependent Children’s Income
Dependents and Exemptions
Divorce/Separation
Do You Owe the IRS Money?
DOMA and Same-Sex Marriages
Education Tax Credit & Deductions
Educator Expenses
Electric Motor Vehicle Credits
Employee or Independent Contractor?
FBAR & Form 8938 FFA
Filing Status
FinCEN
Foreign Tax Credit
Foreign Trusts
Gambling, Winnings & Losses
Getting Married
Hobby Losses
Home Office Deduction
ID Theft and Data Breaches
IRS Criminal Investigation
Itemized Tax Deductions
Job Search Expenses
ITINs
Like Kind 1031 Exchanges
Mortgage Forgiveness Debt Relief
Medical & Dental
Moving Expenses
National Taxpayer Advocate Services
Net Investment Income Tax
Paying Your Taxes
Penalties for Late Filing & Late Payment
Phony Scams & Phishing Emails
Renting Vacation Home
Safekeeping Your Records
Retirement
Sailing Permits
Sale of Principal Residence
Self-Employed
Social Security
Statutory Limit on Refunds
Streamlined
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act – 2017
Taxable & Nontaxable Income
Taxpayer Bill of Rights
Contact Us
Client Portal Login
Client Survey
Sitemap
Privacy Policy