https://psabenefits.com/privacy-statement/
Home
About PSA
Prevailing Wages
Overview
Prevailing Wage FAQ’s
Prevailing Wage Benefit Plans
401(K) Services
Introduction
How We Work With You
How We Work With Your Employees
Compare Our 401(k) Offering
About Commonwealth Financial Network
Benefit Plans
Overview
Medical Plans
Key Employee Insurance
SERP Plans
Compare Our Offering (MBA)
HR Alerts
Resources
PSA in the Media
Privacy Statement
Disclaimer
Licensing
Contact Us
Privacy Statement
Patterson Smith Associates, LLC’s Privacy Policy Notice
Thank you for visiting our website and taking time to review our Privacy Policy. Our policy is below:
We collect no information about you other than information automatically collected and stored (see below), when you visit our website, unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Information Automatically Collected and Stored:
When you browse through any website, certain personal information about you can be collected. We may automatically collect and temporarily store the following information about your visit:
The name of the domain you use to access the Internet Pages visited;
The address of the website you came from when you came to visit.
Non-personal information about how you navigate through our web site
We use this information for statistical purposes and to help us make our site more useful to visitors. This aggregated information does not include individual names or personal data, so it does not identify you or any others. Unless it is specifically stated otherwise, no additional information will be collected about you.
Personally Provided Information:
You do not have to give us personal information to visit our websites. If you choose to provide us with additional information about yourself through an e-mail message, questionnaire, census, etc., we will only maintain the information as long as needed to respond to your question or to fulfill the stated purpose of the communication. However, all communications addressed to the website are maintained, as required by law, for historical purposes. These communications are archived on a monthly basis, but are also protected by the Privacy Act which restricts our use of them, yet permits certain disclosures.
Disclosure:
Patterson Smith Associates, LLC does not provide, give, sell or transfer any personal information about our visitors, unless required for law enforcement or statute.
Consent:
You have the ability and right to exit and not continue to remain in an active session on the Patterson Smith Associates, LLC site if you do not agree with the above privacy and security policies. If you remain in session with the site, you implicitly consent to our privacy and security policy.
Our Services…
ABOUT PSA
PREVAILING WAGES
401K SERVICES
BENEFITS PLANS
Our Address: (Tel) 973 326 9300 – (Fax) 888 469 1922
3 Elm Street, Suite 201 Morristown, NJ 07960
info@psabenefits.com
Securities and Advisory Services Offered Through Commonwealth Financial Network, Member FINRA / SIPC.
Patterson Smith Associates, LLC is separate and unrelated to Commonwealth.
This communication is strictly intended for individuals residing in the States of: California, Colorado, Connecticut, District of Columbia, Delaware, Florida, Massachusetts, Maryland, Michigan, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, and Virginia.
No offers may be made or accepted from any resident outside these states due to various state requirements and registration requirements regarding investment products and services.
Fixed insurance products and services offered through CES Insurance Agency.
Privacy Policy
Copyright All Rights Reserved © 2020
Contact Us
We're not around right now. But you can send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.
Not readable? Change text.
I consent to psa collecting my details through this form.
Send