https://psm.com/privacy-policy
+1 (561) 354-1100
sales@psm.ansaldoenergia.com
Privacy Policy
Policy last updated August 2, 2018
First of all, Power Systems Mfg., LLC (PSM) thanks you for your interest in our company website. With the following information, we would like to inform you about the nature, use, purpose and limitation of the data of users or visitors that visit us (Users). PSM assures that collection and use of your data is carried out in accordance with the relevant data protection regulations.
Data Controller
The Data Controller is Power Systems Mfg., LLC, with registered office at 1440 W. Indiantown Road, Jupiter, FL, 33458.
Categories of Processed Data
During normal operation, the IT systems and software procedures used to operate our website acquire certain Data the transmission of which is implicit in the use of Internet communication protocols.
This information is not collected to be associated with identified individuals, however, by their nature it could lead to the identification of users, through processing and association with data held by third parties.
This category of data includes: IP addresses (the Internet address assigned to a user’s computer by the Internet Service Provider), the domain names of computers used by users connecting to the website, the browser (e.g. Firefox or Internet Explorer), the date and time of the request and other parameters regarding the user’s operating system and computer environment, cookies (for more information on cookies see our cookies policy).
Purposes and legal bases of processing
All data collected on the PSM website are processed to:
provide, maintain and administer the website;
obtain anonymous statistical information about the website;
detect, prevent and address technical issues
ensure that website is functioning properly.
The data might be also used to establish liability in case computer crimes are committed or attempted against the website.
All data are processed only to the extent necessary and are treated as strictly confidential.
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), the legal basis for the use of Data is Art. 6, paragraph 1, part 1 point (f) of the Regulation (EU) 679/2016 (General Data Protection Regulation – GDPR).
Place where Data are processed
Your information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
PSM will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Data communication or dissemination
We may send the Data to third parties to comply with legal obligations, for security purposes or for obtaining anonymous statistical information about the website.
No Data resulting from web-based activity is disseminated.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our website is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Behavioral Remarketing
Power Systems Mfg., LLC uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google AdWords
Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on – https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout – for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Use of links to third party websites
Our website contains links to third party websites. Those websites are under the responsibility of the relevant third party and we are not responsible for any information or Data inputted into those websites.
Period for which your data will be held
We will only keep the Data for as long as is deemed strictly necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected. In any case, except in case computer crimes are committed or attempted against the website, any Data is currently retained for no longer than six months.
Your rights
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights under articles 15 – 21 of EU Regulation 2016/679 in relation to the Personal Data you provide:
a) To access and request a copy;
b) To request rectification;
c) To request erasure;
d) To obtain restriction of data processing;
e) To object to the processing;
f) To receive in a commonly-used structured form readable on an automatic device and to transmit without impediment said data to another Data Controller in the case that this is technically feasible.
To exercise your rights and for further information relating to your Personal Data, you can contact the Data Controller at this email privacy@psm.ansaldoenergia.com.
This page can be viewed by clicking on the link at the bottom of every page in the website, pursuant to the applicable data protection provisions, including if you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), the Regulation (EU) no. 679/2016 (General Data Protection Regulation).
By approving the PSM Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy you consent to the use of your personal data and cookies.
AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.