https://psm.com/cookie-policy
+1 (561) 354-1100
sales@psm.ansaldoenergia.com
Cookie Policy
Policy last updated August 2, 2018
INFORMATION ABOUT COOKIES
What is a cookie?
What is a cookie? A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a computer when a user visits a website. The text contains information that the website can read when the file is opened at a later date. Some of these cookies are needed for the website to work properly, while others are useful to visitors for the safe memorization of usernames and language settings, for example. The benefit of having cookies installed on your PC is that you don’t need to keep on providing the same information every time you visit the same website.
Definitions
Cookies are short fragments of text (letters and/or numbers) used by web servers to store information locally (through the browser), for reuse during the same visit to the website (session cookies) or afterwards, perhaps even days later (persistent cookies). Cookies are stored according to the user’s preferences, by each browser, on a specific device (computer, tablet, smartphone).
Similar technologies, like web beacons, transparent GIFs and all forms of local storage introduced with HTML5, for example, can be used to collect information about the behavior of users and how they use the services provided.
In the rest of this document, when we use the term “cookies”, we are referring to cookies and all similar technologies.
Types of cookies
Based on their characteristics and use, we can classify cookies as follows:
Technical cookies. These cookies are essential for the website to work properly and are used to manage the login process and access to reserved functions. The duration of these cookies is limited exclusively to the current session (when the browser is closed, they are deleted), with the exception of Wishlists, which use cookies with a longer duration (30 days) to identify the visitor’s computer for this limited period; this operation is performed using an alphanumeric code generated when the site is accessed for the first time, making users recognizable but anonymous, so that their choices can be remembered. Disabling these cookies affects services that require login, whereas public areas of the website can usually still be accessed.
Analytics and third party cookies. These cookies are used to track and analyze site traffic anonymously.
They are also used for system monitoring and to improve performance and usability. These cookies can be switched off without any loss of function.
Profiling cookies. These permanent cookies are used to identify (anonymously or not) the user’s preferences and improve their browsing experience. This website does not use these cookies.
Cookie Duration
Some cookies (session cookies) remain active only until the browser is closed or the user logs out. Other cookies remain on devices after the browser is closed and can also be used during subsequent visits by the user.
These cookies are known as persistent and their duration is established by the server when they are created. In some cases the expiry is fixed, in others it is unlimited.
However, while browsing the website, users may interact with third party sites which can create or modify permanent profiling cookies. For the terms of use of third party cookies, please see the “Third Party Cookies” section.
Why does this website use cookies?
Cookies are used to provide customers with an experience that reflects as far as possible their tastes and preferences. Cookies make it possible not to receive or enter the same information every time a website is visited. Cookies are also used to optimize website performance, by making it easier to search quickly for specific items on the website.
Managing and Disabling Cookies
Users can decide whether or not to accept cookies by using their browser settings.
Warning: totally or partially disabling technical cookies can affect website functions reserved for registered users. Public content can be accessed even if cookies are completely disabled.
Disabling third party cookies doesn’t affect navigation in any way.
Specific settings can be defined for different websites and applications. The best browsers also allow you to define different settings for proprietary and third party cookies.
In Firefox, for example, the menu item Tools->Options->Privacy displays a control panel that allows the user to decide whether or not to accept the various types of cookie and delete them if desired.
Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computer
Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Opera: https://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/privacy/
Safari: https://support.apple.com/kb/ph21411?locale=en_US
This page can be viewed by clicking on the link at the bottom of every page in the website, pursuant to the applicable data protection provisions, including if you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), the Regulation (EU) no. 679/2016 (General Data Protection Regulation).
By approving the PSM Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy you consent to the use of your personal data and cookies.
AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.