http://psoffices.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyPS Offices2020-03-30T17:06:18-04:00
PS Executive Centers Privacy Policy
At PS Executive Centers (“PS”), we strive to deliver outstanding products and services, we value your business and, more importantly, your loyalty. We recognize that privacy is an important issue. We have developed this Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) to explain our practices regarding the personal information we collect when you visit this site. This Policy also explains our practices regarding personal information obtained from sources other than our websites, such as written or verbal communications or information collected when you visit one of our centers.
Please read this Policy carefully before submitting personal information about you to us.
Personal Information We Collect
At every touch point or client interaction, we may collect personal information. In addition to any other information you may choose to provide to us, this personal information may include: your name and contact information; date of birth; preferred communication methods; business name, title and business address; credit card details, including the
three-digit code that appears on the back of your credit card; date and term of your agreement. In addition we collect other personal information when you interact with PS in various ways such as:
When you register for a Client Account, we may ask you to select a username and password.
If you choose to create an online profile for meeting and office rental purposes, we record meeting and office requirements, the date of the meeting, number of guests, details of the meeting rooms, and, for corporate meetings, information on your organization (name, annual budget, number of sponsored events per year).
From time to time, this site may offer a feature that allows you to send an electronic postcard or otherwise share a message with a friend. If you choose to do so, we will ask you for the recipient’s name and email address, along with the text of any message you choose to include. By using this feature, you warrant that you are entitled to use and provide us with the recipient’s name and email address for this purpose.
Use of Personal Information Collected About You
We use your personal information to provide the services you request from PS such as to facilitate reservations and other transactions. We also use the personal information to provide you with information about meeting planning and access to specific account information for administrative purposes. In addition, we may use the information to:
improve PS’s services; provide you with the expected level of hospitality; and ensure the
site is of interest to you. We also use details to send you newsletters, promotions and featured specials, and to conduct online surveys, sweepstakes, prize draws, and other contests via email, telephone or postal mail. If you apply for employment with PS, we use the personal information you supply to process your job application.
How We Share Personal Information
We endeavor to provide you with the same level of service that you have come to expect at all PS business centers whether you are in Cleveland, Columbus, Indianapolis or Tampa. To provide this service, we may share your personal information with other PS facilities. We will take appropriate steps to ensure that your personal information is handled as described in this Policy.
We may share personal information among PS business centers that may jointly use the personal information for the purposes described above. PS Executive Centers is the party responsible for the management of the jointly used personal information.
Electronic Billing Program: If you pay for offices or services with your credit card, billing information will be shared with the credit card provider and if you use a corporate credit card, possibly, your employer.
Business Transactions: As we develop our business, we might sell, buy, restructure or reorganize businesses or assets. In the event of a merger, consolidation, sale, liquidation or transfer of assets, PS may, in its sole and absolute discretion, transfer, sell or assign information collected, including without limitation, non-personal information and personal information, to one or more affiliated or unaffiliated third parties.
Other: In addition PS may disclose personal information, with or without prior notice to you, in order to: (i) comply with applicable laws; (ii) respond to governmental inquiries or requests from public authorities; (iii) comply with valid legal process; (iv) protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of PS, site visitors, guests, employees or the public; (v) permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain; (vi) enforce our Site Usage Agreement; and (vii) respond to an emergency.
Non-Personal Information
When you visit and interact with this site, PS may collect non-personal information (for example, a catalog of the site pages you visit).
Links to Third-Party Websites
Our site may contain links to third parties’ websites. Please note that we are not responsible for the collection, use, maintenance, sharing, or disclosure of data and information by such third parties. If you provide information on third party sites, the privacy policy and terms of service on those sites are applicable. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of websites that you visit before submitting personal information.
Protecting Personal Information
PS will take appropriate measures to: (i) protect personal information collected against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction, and (ii) keep personal information accurate and up-to-date, consistent with applicable law. We also seek to require our associates to exercise reasonable efforts to maintain the confidentiality of personal information about you. For online transactions, we use technology to protect the personal information that you transmit to us via our site. Unfortunately, however, no security system or system of transmitting data over the Internet can be guaranteed to be entirely secure.
For your own privacy protection, we encourage you not to include sensitive personal information in any emails you may send to us. Please do not send credit card numbers or any sensitive personal information to us via email.
Changing Personal Information
If you have registered for a Client Account, the information you provided to us at the time of registration may be accessed, reviewed and updated at any time by signing in using your Username (or client number) and Password (or PIN), and clicking on “my profile”.
Retaining Personal Information
We retain personal information about you for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable law.
Choices – Marketing Lists
If you have given us your contact information (mail address, fax number, email address or phone number), we may want to inform you about our services or invite you to events by email, telephone or post.  If you prefer not to receive marketing materials from us, you may change your preferences at any time by: (i) sending us an email to sales@psoffices.com; (ii) writing to us (and include your email address) at PS Executive Centers, 1991 Crocker Road, Suite 600, Cleveland, Ohio 44145; or (iii) using the unsubscribe function in the email you receive from us. We will update your preferences as soon as reasonably practical. Please note, however, that if you “opt out” as described above, we will not be able to remove your personal information from the databases of affiliates, franchisees or business partners with which we have already shared your personal information (i.e., to which we have already provided your personal information as of the date of your opt-out request).
Other Information
If you choose to apply online for employment with PS, you will also have the opportunity to send your resume in electronic form, information on education and employment history, desired salary scale, working permits, and any other information you feel is relevant to your application. If you apply for employment online, any information about
you, which is obtained during the application process, may be retained by us for purposes of considering your application for employment, as well as for more general management and research purposes.
Policy Modifications
We may modify this Policy from time to time. When we make material changes to this policy we will post the revised policy on the homepage of our site. You can tell when this Policy was last updated by looking at the date at the top of the Policy. Any changes to our Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Policy on the site. Use of the
site following such changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised Policy then in effect.
Questions
If you have any questions about this Policy or how PS processes your personal information, please contact us by email to sales@psoffices.com or by postal mail to PS Executive Centers, 1991 Crocker Road, Suite 600, Cleveland, Ohio 44145.
This website uses cookies and third party services.
For more details, see our Privacy Policy.
Ok