https://ptisecurity.com/privacy/
800.523.9504
RETURNS
SUPPORT
WEBSTORE
PTI Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice was last updated: May 9, 2020
Data privacy is important to PTI Security, an ASSA ABLOY group company, and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“PTI Security” or “we” or “us”). This Privacy Notice describes the Personal Data that we collect about you as a visitor to PTI Security’s website, or other PTI Security websites that link to this Privacy Notice, how we use it, with whom we share it, and describes your rights with regard to the Personal Data we have about you.
California Residents
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit the CCPA Privacy Notice Tab.
Privacy Notice
Personal Data We Collect
PTI Security Systems collects, processes, and retains information about you when you visit our websites, which may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site.
You may choose to provide us with additional information, such as your name, email address, company information, address, telephone number, or other information, to access protected information on our websites or so we can follow up with you after your visit. We may combine other publicly available information related to the organization from which you work for with the information that you provide to us. PTI Security may observe your activities, interactions, preferences, and other computer and connection information (such as IP address) relating to your use of our websites and our services.
We may also use log files, cookies, and similar technologies. For more information about our use of these technologies and how to control them, see our Cookies and Similar Technologies section below. We may collect and store this information and combine this information with other Personal Data you may have provided.
If you register online on one of PTI Security’s websites, we may also collect and store certain information in the aggregate about your visit automatically including: 1) internet domain and IP address from which you accessed our website 2) the date and time you access our website; and 3) the pages that you visited. We may also collect general demographic and profile data from our website from time to time.
We may also obtain data from third parties, such as authorized distributors with which we offer services or engage in joint marketing activities. We protect data obtained from third parties according to the practices described in this Notice, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data.
When you download mobile applications, we automatically collect technical data and related information about the devices being used for the Services, including information on the type of device you use, operating system version, application software, peripherals, and the device identifier; push ID (“UDID”).
You have choices about the data we collect. When you are asked to provide Personal Data, you may decline. But if you choose not to provide data that is necessary to provide a product or feature, you may not be able to use that product or feature.
How We Use Personal Data
PTI Security uses the data we collect to operate our business and provide you the products and services we offer, which includes using data to improve our products and personalize your experiences. We also may use the data to communicate with you, for example, informing you about your account and product information, to send email communications or make phone calls for the purpose of sending you information about upcoming webinars and events, product announcements, newsletters, and educational content. We will use the aggregate data that we collect internally in order to better understand and assist our customers and to help improve our website and services. We process Personal Data for certain Legitimate Interests, which include some or all of the following:
where the processing enables us to enhance, modify, personalize or otherwise improve our services/communications for the benefit of our customers
to provide maintenance and support services
to identify and prevent fraud
to enhance the security of our network and information systems
to better understand how people interact with our websites
to provide postal communications which we think will be of interest to you
to determine the effectiveness of promotional campaigns and advertising
Whenever we process data for these purposes, we will ensure that we always keep your Personal Data rights in high regard and take account of these rights. You may object to this processing if you wish. EU residents may visit our GDPR Personal Data Inquiries page for further information on your rights. All others may send inquiries to privacy@ptisecurity.com. Please bear in mind that if you object, this may affect our ability to carry out tasks above for your benefit or to provide our products or features.
“Legitimate Interests” means PTI Security’s interests in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/products and the best and most secure experience.
For example, we have an interest in making sure our marketing is relevant for you, so we may process your information to send you marketing that is tailored to you and your company’s interests. It can also apply to processing that is in your interests as well. For example, we may process your information to protect you against fraud when transacting on our website, and to ensure our websites and systems are secure.
When we process your Personal Data for our Legitimate Interests, we make sure to consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative), and your rights under data protection laws. Our legitimate business interests do not automatically override your interests – we will not use your Personal Data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent).
Reasons We Share Personal Data
We share your Personal Data with your consent or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. In addition, we share Personal Data among ASSA ABLOY controlled affiliates and subsidiaries. We also share Personal Data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this Notice. For example, companies we’ve hired to assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to Personal Data to provide those functions and they are not allowed to use Personal Data they receive from us for any other purpose. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements and agree to any data protection agreements as we may require.
PTI Security does not sell your Personal Data to third parties. However, we may share your business contact information with our authorized distributors in order to assist you in purchasing our products or to contact you via phone or email for the purpose of marketing our products and services.
We may also disclose Personal Data as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets.
Disclosure Required by Law
PTI Security may cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying users who use the website or PTI Security products or services for illegal activities. Therefore, PTI Security will respond to subpoenas, warrants, or other court orders regarding information concerning any user. PTI Security will, at PTI Security’s discretion, disclose information, including Personal Data, if PTI Security reasonably believes that PTI Security is required to do so by law, that such disclosure is necessary to protect PTI Security from legal liability, or that PTI Security should do so to protect the integrity of the website or the products or services.
How to Access & Control Your Personal Data
Upon request, PTI Security will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your Personal Data. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you our products and services. Additionally, we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
EU residents may visit our GDPR Personal Data Inquiries page for more information on how to exercise your rights or make an inquiry regarding the Personal Data we have about you. Others may send an inquiry to privacy@ptisecurity.com.
Opt-out preferences
If you would like to opt-out of receiving sales and marketing communications from us, you may update your communication preferences here.
Links to 3rd Party Sites
Our website includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of PTI Security. If you submit Personal Data to any of those websites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts are used by PTI Security and our affiliates. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies on an individual as well as an aggregated basis. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our site(s) or service(s). Our websites follow browser do-not-track signals.
What are cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Service or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Service more useful to you.
Cookies can be “persistent” or “session” cookies. Session cookies are sent between your computer and the server to access information while you are browsing. Session cookies do not identify you personally and disappear when you turn off your browser. All of our websites use “session cookies”.
For more information on cookies generally, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org. To learn more about our use of cookies, please see the Cookie Policy tab.
Notice to End Users
Many PTI Security products are intended for use by organizations and are administered to you by your organization. Your use of PTI Security products may be subject to your organization’s policies, if any. If your organization is administering your use of PTI Security’s products, please direct your privacy inquiries to your administrator. PTI Security is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this Privacy Notice.
Data Security
Wherever Personal Data is within PTI Security or on its behalf, PTI Security will take reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. PTI Security trains employees on its Information Security Policies and guidelines and makes them available to its business partners as necessary.
Transfer of Personal Data
Our computer systems are currently based in the United States, so your Personal Data may be processed by us in the United States. If you use the website and/or services offered on the website as a visitor from outside the United States, by using the website and/or services offered on the website, you agree to this Privacy Notice and you consent to the transfer of all such information to the United States, which may not offer an equivalent level of protection of that required in the European Union or certain other countries, and to the processing of that information as described in this Privacy Notice.
The personal data that is collected and stored is exclusively used by companies within PTI Security and other entities in the ASSA ABLOY group, except in the following cases where we may submit the data to third parties:
When required by law;
To a buyer or a potential future buyer of our business, and/or;
To the following categories of service providers appointed by PTI Security who provide services connected to this website or its functions or to assist us in providing our services to customers, but only to the extent it is necessary in order to provide these services:
IT service providers which host, develop or offer support
Policy Changes
This Privacy Notice may be updated from time to time as PTI Security’s services change and expand. We suggest that you review the Privacy Notice periodically. In the event of a material change, we will post a change notice on our website and we may notify individuals of such changes through contact information that we have for such individuals prior to the change becoming effective. If we amend the Privacy Notice, the new Notice will apply to Personal Data previously collected by PTI Security only insofar as the rights of the individual affected are not reduced.
Inquiries and complaints
If you believe PTI Security maintains your personal data in one of the services discussed in this Privacy Notice, you may direct inquiries or complaints to privacy@ptisecurity.com. PTI Security will respond within 45 days. If PTI Security is not able to resolve your complaint, and you are located in the EU or EEA, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.
Contact Us
PTI Security Systems 36 Trammell St SW Marietta, GA 30064 privacy@ptisecurity.com
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit the CCPA Privacy Notice Tab.
Cookie Policy
How we use cookies
Cookies we use specifically in this site are (the cookie storage time is in parentheses after its name):
pardot (session) – Used by Pardot to denote an active session
visitor_id (1 year) – Used by Pardot to tie visitor behavior to their account
lpv (1 year) – Used by Pardot to consolidate page view history of visitors
fs_uid (session) – Used by FullStory to attach event listeners to all manner of anonymous browser events
We are working to improve ptisecurity.com. In order to do this, we use Google Analytics, Pardot, and FullStory to analyze our visitors’ behavior on an anonymous and aggregate level.
In addition, we allow certain third parties to install and access third-party cookies on this website. These are:
Google Analytics
The following cookies are installed by our web statistics tool Google Analytics to log information about visits and site visitors. Statistics are used to improve the use of the website by the user:
_utma (2 years)
_utmz (6 months)
_utmc (session)
_utmb (30 minutes)
_utmt (10 minutes)
_ga (2 years)
_gid (24 hours)
_gat (1 minute)
_gac (90 days)
What are your choices regarding cookies?
Certain countries, including members of the European Union, require your consent to the use of cookies when you visit our websites. If you access our website within one of these countries, you will be presented with information regarding your options, including the option to accept or reject certain categories of cookies. Please note that you will not be able to opt-out of receiving certain cookies that are strictly necessary for the delivery of a service requested by you.
If you do not accept cookies, your browser can be set to not automatically accept cookies from being stored or to inform you whenever a site requests storing a cookie. Previously stored cookies can also be deleted through the browser. See the help pages of your browser for more information. However, be aware that some areas or functions of our websites depend on cookies and may not work if you delete or not to accept cookies. Please contact us at privacy@ptisecurity.com for more information about the cookies used on the website.
CCPA Privacy Notice
This PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS supplements the information contained in the Privacy Notice of PTI and its subsidiaries (collectively, “we,” “us,” or “our”) and applies solely to visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”) when you visit the PTI website or provide contact information to receive PTI services (collectively, our “Services”). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws. Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
NO
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
YES
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
YES
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
NO
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
NO
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from our customers, channel partners or their agents. For example, from information our clients provide to us related to the Services for which they engage us.
Directly from you. For example, through information collected from you when you fill out a contact us form to request information or services.
Directly and indirectly from you when using our Services or visiting our website. For example, usage details collected automatically in the course of your interaction with our platform or website.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided. For example, to submit this information to our channel partners for the purpose of completing a sale.
To provide support services for our products, as requested by you.
To provide you with email alerts, event registrations, and other notices concerning our products or Services, or events or news, that may be of interest to you.
To improve our Services to you.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collections.
To better understand how users interact with our websites.
To determine the effectiveness of promotional campaigns.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development.
As necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our clients or others.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers. Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories. Category D: Commercial information.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Our customers, channel partners or their agents for which you have engaged in a business contract.
Service providers.
Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with our Services.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold any personal information.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by email at privacy@ptisecurity.com with the subject line: CCPA.
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to the registered email associated with the account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you use of our Services.
Provide you a different level or quality of Services.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Notice at our discretion and at any time. The date this Privacy Notice was last updated is identified at the bottom of this page. You are responsible for periodically visiting the PTI website and this Privacy Notice to check for any changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, our Privacy Policy, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, you may contact us via email at privacy@ptisecurity.com.
Updated: May 9, 2020
Product Privacy Notes
EasyCode Privacy Policy