https://ptmi.net/privacy-policy/
PACIFIC TRAIL PRIVACY STATEMENT
—-
SECTION 1 – WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you browse our website, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system. When visiting https://www.ptmi.net/ third parties (such as AdRoll) may place cookies on your browser for targeted advertising purposes.
SECTION 2 – CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
By visiting and using our website https://www.ptmi.net/ you give us and other third parties permission to place cookies on your browser for target advertising purposes.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you wish to opt out and withdraw consent, contact us anytime, at info@ptmi.net
Pacific Trial Manufacturing
6532 SE Crosswhite Way
Portland, OR 97206
SECTION 3 – DISCLOSURE
SECTION 4 – THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
SECTION 5 – AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 6 – CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at info@ptmi.net
Pacific Trail Manufacturing
6532 SE Crosswhite Way
Portland, OR 97206
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at info@ptmi.net
At Pacific Trail Manufacturing, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by https://ptmi.net/ and how it is used.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Contact us today so we can help you find the right cutting solution for your business.
We’re here for you!
CONTACT INFORMATION
6532 SE Crosswhite Way Portland, OR 97206
(888) 910-SAWS (7297)
(503) 233-8952
(503) 233-0767
OUR LOCATION
Scroll to top