https://pu-technology.co.uk/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Terms Conditions
Use of ctmukltd.com and any of our associated sites is subject to these terms & conditions. If you disagree with them please cease use immediately.
Who we are & how to contact us
Use of ctmukltd.com & associated sites
Our commitment
Your commitment
Breach of these terms & conditions
Liability
Your legal rights
Links to other sites
Intellectual property rights
Changes to these terms and conditions
Terms of Use and Cookies
Who we are & how to contact us
CTM Ltd, (also referred to as “we”, “our” and “us”), is based at Unit E Zenith Park, Whaley Road, Claycliffe, Barnsley, South Yorkshire, S75 1HT, United Kingdom. Our contact telephone number is: 01226 24 55 33, fax: 01226 24 55 44. You can email us at: info@ctmukltd.com
Use of ctmukltd.com & associated sites
In some area’s of our sites you may be asked to agree to additional terms and conditions e.g. domain/hosting purchases, chat area’s or bulleting boards.
Our commitment
We try to ensure that the content and information on our sites is as accurate as possible but things do change and occasionally you may see errors or areas that require updating. If you do, please let us know by sending us an email to info@ctmukltd.com
Your commitment
To use our sites, we need you to agree to these terms and conditions, and any additional terms and conditions which shall apply when using additional features and facilities.
When using our sites you agree:
That you will not to do anything that may damage, interfere with, disrupt access to, interrupt or in any way impair the functionality of any material available on any of our sites.
That you are entirely responsible for the safe keeping of any passwords or login details given to you.
Not to post, upload or otherwise distribute defamatory, offensive, obscene, indecent or unlawful or objectionable material or information or send chain letters, junk mail, ‘spam’ material or any other form of bulk communication to our sites or email addresses.
Not to threaten, harass, stalk, abuse, disrupt or otherwise violate the rights of others, including individuals’ privacy rights and not to make any unauthorised, false or fraudulent orders or purchases.
Not to obtain or attempt to obtain unauthorised access to our sites or any private or member account areas within our sites.
Not do, cause or permit anything to be done that may infringe, damage or interfere with any CTM Ltd intellectual property rights or those of our associated companies, sites or third parties. Also, not to do anything that is otherwise unlawful or which may cause any liability for CTM Ltd or any of our associated companies, sites or third parties.
If you send any material or information by any method to CTM Ltd or any of our associated companies, sites or third parties that is not expressly agreed by us as being confidential, you agree that we will be free to retain and republish this information and reuse it as we see fit.
Breach of these terms and conditions
If we consider that you have breached any of these terms and conditions or have otherwise demonstrated inappropriate conduct when using our sites we reserve the right to:
Warn you via e-mail or any other means that you have breached our terms and conditions and ask you to stop such conduct.
Delete any material or content which you may have posted without notice to you.
Discontinue your membership to any subscriptions, memberships, hosting or to any additional services offered through our sites without refund.
Take measures (including terminating, suspending or restricting access) to prevent you from using our sites.
If your conduct on or use of ctmukltd.com or any of our associated sites causes us or any of our associated companies loss, damage or other costs, you shall be responsible for reimbursing these costs.
Liability
If anything we do, or fail to do results in the loss or disruption of service then our maximum liability shall be limited to the term of disruption at the rate paid for that service.
Whilst we take every reasonable step to ensure a fast and reliable service, we will not be held responsible for:
The security of our sites (which may be hosted on third party servers).
For any damage, loss of, or corruption of any data, information or material or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property breach of security by hackers.
We, our associated companies, sites or third parties are not responsible for any injury, loss, claim, damage, or any indirect, incidental or consequential damages of any kind (including but not limited to loss of profits or revenue, loss or corruption of data or information) which arises out of, or is in any way connected with your use of or failure to use ctmukltd.com or any of our associated company sites or third party sites. This includes any information, products or services obtained through or any contract entered into via CTM Ltd or any of our associated companies, sites or third parties.
From time to time we may need to update our sites and maintain the software and other equipment within them. During these times you may not be able to access our sites or, service to them may be temporarily disrupted during these periods.
Your legal rights
The use of our sites is subject to these terms and conditions which are subject to the laws of England and Wales. In addition, we reserve the right to bring proceedings to the Courts of the country of your location.
In some cases the laws of your location may apply to your online dealings with CTM Ltd or our associated sites and you may have additional legal rights than those available under English law. We recommend that you should seek local law advice applicable to your locality.
Links to other sites
Our sites may contain links to other websites, resources, advertisements or sponsorships either directly or through third parties.
If you decide to access other websites, then you will be leaving ctmukltd.com and our associated sites – that means that we won’t be responsible or liable for the content, advertising or products and services or, for any dealings that you may have, or the consequences of such dealings, with the operators of those other sites. Should a dispute arise between you and any third party we will not be held responsible for any loss or damage incurred.
Intellectual property rights
All copyright, trademark rights, database rights, patent rights and any other intellectual property rights in text, graphics, audio, video or image files, content, software, data and information displayed on, or available from any of our sites belongs to CTM Ltd and/or our associated companies. This includes the organisation and layout of the sites and the underlying software that’s owned by us or our licensors and suppliers. You agree that all these materials are available for your personal use only, and you may not copy, modify, alter, publish, broadcast, distribute, sell or transfer any such materials without prior written permission from us.
Changes to these terms and conditions
These terms and conditions may be amended, updated and/or modified at any time without notice. You acknowledge that it’s your responsibility to check these terms and conditions on each site visit to keep up to date.
Terms of Use and Cookies
We are committed to protecting the privacy of everyone who uses ctmukltd.com and its associated sites. Any information that we ask you to provide by which you can be identified, such as your name, address, email etc, is treated with the utmost care and in accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998.
Our website uses cookies. We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website.
(1) Credit
This document was created using an SEQ Legal template.
(2) About cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies can be used by web servers to identity and track users as they navigate different pages on a website, and to identify users returning to a website.
Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies. A persistent cookie consists of a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, which will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date). A session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
(3) Cookies on this website
We use both session cookies and persistent cookies on this website.We may send to you the following cookies:(1) _utma(2) _utmb(3) _utmc(4) _utmz
(4) How we use cookies
Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you, but personal information that we store about you may be linked, by us, to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
We may use the information we obtain from your use of our cookies for the following purposes:
(1) To analyse the use of our website;(2) Third party cookies
When you use our website, you may also be sent third party cookies.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
(5) Blocking cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. For example:(1) in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector
(2) in Firefox you can block all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, and un-checking “Accept cookies from sites” in the “Privacy” box.Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
(6) Deleting cookies
You can also delete cookies already stored on your computer:(1) in Internet Explorer, you must manually delete cookie files;(2) in Firefox, you can delete cookies by, first ensuring that cookies are to be deleted when you “clear private data” (this setting can be changed by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Settings” in the “Private Data” box) and then clicking “Clear private data” in the “Tools” menu.Obviously, doing this may have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.(7) Contact us
This website is owned and operated by CTM Ltd, based at Unit E Zenith Park, Whaley Road, Claycliffe, Barnsley, South Yorkshire, S75 1HT. United Kingdom.
If you have any questions about our cookies or this Cookies Policy, please contact us by email info@ctmukltd.com, by telephone (01226 245533) or by post (to address above).
Home
View Our Equipment Range
1K Hot Metering Machines
1K Metering Machines
2K Metering Machines
Automotive Applications
Bench Top Metering Machines
Elastomer Machines
Hennecke
Hennecke-OMS
High Pressure PU Machines
Low Pressure PU Machines
Mobile Equipment Solutions
CTM Range
CTM Automation
Machine Locations
Pre-Owned Equipment
PU Consultancy
News
Contact us
Contact The Team