https://pub.emails.hertz.com/californiaprivacyrights
The Hertz Corporation includes the Hertz®, Dollar ®, Thrifty ®, and Firefly® brands and as such your request will be considered and applied to all brands.
This webform is intended for California Residents to exercise their individual rights as provided by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
If you are a California Resident you may also call our Toll-Free Number (888) 777-5870 to exercise your rights.
If you are a European Resident, please click here to exercise your rights under GDPR.
For more information about Hertz's data practices and the general categories of information we collect and share, please visit our Privacy Policy.
Description of Rights
As a California Resident, the following rights are available to you:
Request to know
A request that Hertz disclose personal information it has about you.
You may request the categories of Personal Information collected about you in the past 12 months, including the categories of sources of this data, the purpose behind the collection, the categories of third parties to which we have sold or disclosed this data, and the purpose for these sales or disclosures; or
You may request the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you in the past 12 months
Request to delete
A request that Hertz delete all personal information about you that it has collected directly from you.
Note: A request to delete means that your Hertz Gold Plus Rewards, Thrifty Blue Chip Rewards, and Dollar Express Rewards member profiles, preferences, and points will be deleted, unavailable for future use, and cannot be recovered.
Request to opt-out of the sale of Personal Information
A request that Hertz not sell your personal information to third parties.
California Consumer Privacy Act Individual Rights Request Form
Who is making this request?
Consumer, on behalf of his/her/their self
Authorized Agent, on behalf of consumer
Hertz Employee, on behalf of consumer
Identity Verification
Please provide the following pieces of information of the person the request relates to.
We will only use the information you provide to verify identity and the Personal Information that is relevant to your request. We will retain a record of your request, but we will not retain the information you provide beyond the period necessary to respond to your request or as required by law.
First Name (Required)
Last Name (Required)
Email (Required)
Phone Number (Required)
Zip Code (Required)
Recent Reservation Record
Gold Plus, Blue Chip, or Express Member Number
Note: If you are a member of one or more of our rewards programs including Gold Plus, Blue Chip or Express, your member number is required if you would like Hertz to delete your personal information
Request information
The Hertz Corporation includes the Hertz, Dollar, Thrifty, and Firefly brands and as such your request will be considered for all brands.
Send me the categories of Personal Information you have collected about me in the past 12 months
Send me the specific pieces of Personal Information you have collected about me in the past 12 months
Do not sell ANY of my personal information
Delete ALL of my personal information
Declaration
Consumer Declaration
Authorized Agent Declaration
Hertz Employee
I confirm by submitting this request that under penalty of perjury that I am the named requestor, a resident of California, the information is true and accurate and Hertz has the right to contact me to verify my identity and process this request.
I confirm by submitting this request that under penalty of perjury I am an authorized agent for the purposes of submitting a consumer request under the CCPA, the information is true and accurate and that Hertz has the right to contact me and the named consumer to verify identity and process this request.
I confirm by submitting this request that under penalty of perjury that I am an authorized agent of the Hertz corporation and have been provided this information by a consumer for the purpose of making this request.
Date (Required)
Name (Required)
Email (Required)
Hertz Employee ID Number (Required)
Submit Form
Upon submission of this form, a confirmation of receipt will be sent to the email address of the person the request relates to. In order to protect personal information, Hertz will need to validate the identity of the person the request relates to in order to process the request and may reach out for additional information.
All verified requests will receive a response within 45 days of submission.
Please note that if a Hertz Gold Plus Rewards, Thrifty Blue Chip Rewards, and Dollar Express Rewards member requests that personal information be deleted all profiles, preferences, and points will be deleted, unavailable for future use, and cannot be recovered.