https://public.libertymutual-cdn.com/PmEService/MediaAssets/pages/terms-and-conditions-enrollment.html
Close
Print |
Close
eService and Paperless Terms & Conditions
The words "we," "us," and "our" means Liberty Mutual Insurance Company or its affiliates or
subsidiaries. The words "you" and "your" means you the individual(s) who desires to transact business
or process a claim electronically and those who would otherwise sign documents relating to your policy.
By enrolling in and/or using Liberty Mutual eService, you agree to the following terms and conditions so
please read them carefully.
A. Liberty Mutual eService Terms of Enrollment and Use
(Last Updated September 19, 2020)
Conditions of Use
These eService Terms of Enrollment and Use (eService terms and conditions) apply only to Liberty
Mutual's eService.
For Terms and Conditions for other Liberty Mutual websites, please consult those
websites.
Liberty Mutual may revise these eService terms and conditions from time to time by updating these
terms and conditions and posting it on Liberty Mutual eService. You are bound by any such revisions if
you continue to use Liberty Mutual eService after we have posted the changes; and we suggest that you
periodically visit this page to review the most recent eService terms and conditions.
Definition of Registration
By registering for a Liberty Mutual eService account, you are indicating that you would like to view your
Liberty Mutual policy(s), billing documents, or claims online, or if you are not a Liberty Mutual
policyholder, that you would like to view your claim involving a Liberty Mutual policyholder online.
Liberty Mutual will consider you registered once you fill out and submit the registration form.
Services
Liberty Mutual eService provides customers the ability to view their policies and billing documents over
the Internet, and customers and claimants the ability to view claims information over the Internet.
Service Limitations:
Liberty Mutual will make commercially reasonable efforts to make your experience with our eService
application a productive and pleasant one. However, technical or other difficulties cannot always be
foreseen or anticipated. These difficulties may result in loss of data, personalized settings or other
service interruptions.
eService Application Changes and Discontinuation:
Liberty Mutual reserves the right to change or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, Liberty Mutual
eService at any time without notice. You agree that Liberty Mutual will not be liable to you, members of
your household, or any third party for any damages associated with any modification or discontinuance
of Liberty Mutual eService.
User Responsibilities and Guidelines
For your benefit and security and to comply with applicable laws, Liberty Mutual eService has a few
guidelines. Any conduct that violates these guidelines is grounds for termination of your enrollment in
Liberty Mutual eService.
Provide Accurate Information:
You must agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about you as
requested on the enrollment form and other pages requesting information.
You must agree not to misrepresent your identity.
You must agree to keep your registration and E-mail address up to date and accurate.
Guard Your Password:
You will be asked to select a User Name and Password when registering. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality
of your User Name and Password. You are fully responsible for all activities that occur using your User Name and Password,
or account. This includes maintaining security of Touch ID & Passcode settings on your devices for all users. Any unauthorized
use of your Password, account or any breach of security must be immediately reported to Liberty Mutual. Commercially
reasonable steps have been taken to protect the privacy of individual users of the Liberty Mutual eService application.
Liberty Mutual will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your Password or
account, either with or without our knowledge. You may not use anyone else's Password at any time.
Unauthorized Access and Use:
Liberty Mutual eService application is provided for the use of Liberty Mutual customers for Liberty Mutual's legitimate
business purposes only. The actual or attempted unauthorized access, use, or modification of this system is strictly
prohibited.
Security of Personal Information
Liberty Mutual and the other firms who work with Liberty Mutual to host and operate Liberty Mutual eService take commercially
reasonable steps to secure your personal information. This includes using password protection to verify your identity
and requiring 128 bit encryption to secure data transmitted on the Internet. All stored data is kept behind firewalls.
Please refer to the Liberty Mutual Internet Privacy Statement for more details and information regarding our Internet
Privacy practices.
Accuracy of Information
Should information displayed on the Liberty Mutual eService site differ from the information in the policy sent to you,
the policy sent to you will be considered the correct information. Should claims information displayed on the Liberty
Mutual eService site differ from information sent by Liberty Mutual to you via the mail, the mailed information will
be considered the correct information.
B. Paperless Terms and Conditions
Please read these Paperless Terms and Conditions thoroughly.
You have indicated your desire to receive
and sign the forms relating to your insurance transaction or claim electronically through electronic
format. These Paperless Terms and Conditions apply to those forms, disclosures, notices or other
documents that may be given to you and in some cases signed and returned to us as part of your
insurance policy transaction or claim. By agreeing to these Paperless Terms and Conditions, you are
agreeing that you have the authority to receive these documents electronically on behalf of all insureds
under your policy. Moreover, you also understand and agree that Liberty Mutual may provide to you in
electronic format only, including but not limited to policy documents, notices, billing documents,
endorsements, changes to your policy(s) and any other information relating to your insurance policy(s)
that would otherwise be mailed to you. It is your responsibility to periodically logon to eService and
check for delivery of new documents.
Method of Providing Communications to You in Electronic Form. All communications that we
provide to you in electronic form will be provided either (1) via e-mail; or (2) by accessing your
Liberty Mutual eService account.
You will need a username and password that you created to
access this website.
How to Withdraw Consent. You may withdraw your consent to transact business electronically
by indicating your preference in your Liberty Mutual eService account or when speaking with a
Customer Service Representative. At our option, we may treat your provision of an invalid email
address or the subsequent malfunction of a previously valid address as a withdrawal of your
consent to receive electronic communications. We will not impose any fee to process the
withdrawal of your consent to transact business electronically. If, however, a discount is given
now or in the future for conducting business electronically, a withdrawal of consent could result
in the removal of any such discount. A withdrawal of your consent to transact business
electronically will be effective only after we have had a reasonable period of time to process
your request.
How to Update Your Records. It is your responsibility to provide us with true, accurate and complete e-mail address,
contact, and other information related to these Paperless Terms and Conditions and your Insurance policies, and to maintain
and update promptly any changes in this information. You can update your information (such as your e-mail address) by
logging into Liberty Mutual eService, which is accessible through www.libertymutual.com.
Hardware and Software Requirements. In order to access, view, sign and retain electronic
communications that we make available to you, you must: have a device that will connect to the
Internet, access to an e-mail account and access to an internet browser. Access to Adobe
products will not be required to electronically sign forms but may be necessary to view,
download, or print documents. You also must be able to view the disclosures on your device
and have sufficient electronic storage capacity on your computer's hard drive or other data
storage unit. We will update you if there are any changes to the hardware or software requirements
that could impact your receiving or signing such communications
Requesting Paper Copies. You can obtain a paper copy of any communication we provide to you
electronically by printing it yourself or by requesting that we mail you a paper copy. Requests
for paper copies must be made within a reasonable time after we first provided the electronic
communication to you. To request a paper copy, contact a Customer Service Representative.
There is no charge associated with requesting a paper copy of a communication we sent you
electronically. We reserve the right, but assume no obligation, to provide a paper (instead of
electronic) copy of any communication that you have authorized us to provide electronically.
Mandatory Paper Copies of Electronic Communications. We will not send you a paper copy of
electronic communications unless you request it, we otherwise deem it appropriate to do so, or
in some instances where we are required by law to send paper copies of documents. While you may
elect to receive electronic communications from us, depending on state law, there may be documents
and communications that we will
provide to you in paper form.
Communications in Writing. All communications in either electronic or paper format from us to
you will be considered "in writing." You should print or download for your records a copy of all
electronic communications, these Paperless Terms and Conditions, and any other document that is
important to you.
Law. You acknowledge and agree that your consent to transact electronic business is being
provided in connection with a transaction affecting interstate commerce that is subject to the
federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, and your state's UETA law as
applicable.
Termination Changes. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to discontinue any provision
of your electronic communications, or to terminate or change the terms and conditions on
which we provide electronic communications or transact business electronically. We will provide
you with notice of any such termination or change if required by law.
Confirmation. You will receive a confirmation email from us once you consent to transacting
business electronically with us. You should contact us if you do not receive this confirmation
email within 5 business days.
By enrolling in and/or using Liberty Mutual eService, you are agreeing to these Paperless Terms and
Conditions and you are confirming that you are able to receive the communications pursuant to the
hardware and software requirements noted above. If you wish to discuss Paperless features in more
detail, please visit our website or contact a Customer Service Representative.