https://publicsafetyspecialistsgroup.com/privacy-gdpr/
217-652-1088
info@pssg.net
News & Resources
English
Afrikaans Albanian Amharic Arabic Armenian Azerbaijani Basque Belarusian Bengali Bosnian Bulgarian Catalan Cebuano Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Corsican Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Esperanto Estonian Filipino Finnish French Frisian Galician Georgian German Greek Gujarati Haitian Creole Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hindi Hmong Hungarian Icelandic Igbo Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Javanese Kannada Kazakh Khmer Korean Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kyrgyz Lao Latin Latvian Lithuanian Luxembourgish Macedonian Malagasy Malay Malayalam Maltese Maori Marathi Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nepali Norwegian Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese Punjabi Romanian Russian Samoan Scottish Gaelic Serbian Sesotho Shona Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sudanese Swahili Swedish Tajik Tamil Telugu Thai Turkish Ukrainian Urdu Uzbek Vietnamese Welsh Xhosa Yiddish Yoruba Zulu
Privacy & GDPR Statement
www.PublicSafetySpecialistsGroup.com Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security and GDPR, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
The following is information concerning the GDPR for any visitors from the EU:
The European Union has enacted legislation that governs the way in which privacy is maintained especially for any guests from the EU. Pursuant to that statute, Public Safety Specialists Group (Website Owner) has undertaken a review of the various places in PublicSafetySpecialistsGroup.com (Site) in which your personal information might be seen or listed by the Site. Your personally identifiable information (PII) and other personal data (your “user information”) will be collected, used and share in connection with your access to and/or use of Site and any content features, services or other offerings that Website Owner may provide in connection with the Site.
By using the Site, you consent to the use of your user information in accordance with this Privacy Statement. If you are located in the EU or are covered by the GDPR statute you will be asked to provide clear and affirmative consent to the collection, processing and sharing of your user information via cookies and similar technologies. Site is owned and operated by Public Safety Specialists Group.
In tracking the Site navigation and viewership of the Site, an analytic tool is incorporated into the website. This information is stored for a period of 26 months and any PII is deleted at that time.
Any white papers or newsletters that a user may voluntarily sign up to receive collects names and email addresses submitted by the user. That information is used to return to the user white papers or newsletters and announcements that have been requested. While white papers are downloaded by Visitors as PDFs, newsletters and announcements will arrive periodically. Visitors may elect to discontinue receipts of these newsletters and announcements by dis-enrolling as any communication is received OR by contacting Website Owner directly. All PII information is removed upon that request.
Any Site that incorporates “Forms” create platforms that enable Visitors to voluntarily submit information to Website Owner for use as employment applications, applications for specific service or to submit reviews and feedback to Website Owner. These forms are cleared from the Site monthly. Information from Forms is used by Website Owner to provide the requested services or pursue employment opportunities. This information is considered confidentially submitted by the Visitor to Website Owner and is covered by applicable statutes pursuant to HIPAA, Employment and Labor Law, Credit Application and similar privacy statutes. Additionally, the Software used to establish the Forms is certified as compliant with the GDPR.
For all Website Users:
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
We do not collect information from visitors of our site or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to a newsletter or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
Information submitted on online forms is used exclusively for facilitating the user experience.
How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
Third-party links
Social Media links exist to FaceBook, Google+, Linkedin, Youtube and Twitter. Google business page links are available for anyone wanting to write a review of your experience. It should be noted that all information written on Google’s review site or any of the social media sites is public and in no way protected content. Those wanting to receive regular newsletters may choose to provide email addresses and names in a secure Google MailChimp database.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following: Users can visit our site anonymously. Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website. Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes: • On our Privacy Policy Page Can change your personal information: • By emailing us
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals? We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking? It’s also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur: We will notify you via email within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions • Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders. • Send you additional information related to your product and/or service • Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
www.PublicSafetySpecialistsGroup.com
TEL: 217-652-1088
Public Safety Specialists Group
P.O. Box 7232
Springfield, IL  672791
PublicSafetySpecialistsGroup@gmail.com
Last Edited on 20198-02-24
ADA
Accessibility:
Public Safety Specialists Group  welcomes everyone to this online platform. We are committed to ensuring that the website is accessible to people with disabilities including those with mobility, cognition, independent living, hearing, vision and self-care disabilities. This commitment has resulted in a review of the online content of the website and any third-party contributors of software systems deployed in the website’s functionality.
Our web developers and content managers have undertaken a review of the existing website with a goal of ensuring that the content, graphics and photos are accessible to those who are navigating the website with assistive technology or who require additional website features to access content. Further, steps have been taken to ensure that the website design is an intuitively driven navigation that does not place impediments for those navigating with special technology.
Some specific actions that have been taken to assure accessibility include:
Providing descriptive alternative language for photos and graphics
Providing audio alternatives or readable PDF content or access to alternate assistance for content for certain types of diagrams or specifications
Deployment of the software, UserWay, located on the top left of the navigation of every page of the website.
This software enables users to enhance font size, contrast of the colors on the page of the website, change spacing between letters and provides an audible rendering of the website
Minimizing “clicks” required to access additional information
Creating consistent top page navigation buttons
Left justification of text to work with reader systems
Eliminating Pop Up text boxes that interfere with technology readers
Closed Captioning of videos used on the website
An ongoing review of third-party software systems to understand their compatibility with assistive technology.
Working toward accessibility is an ongoing commitment. As such we invite users who encounter areas of the website that would benefit from additional review and work to contact us at: publicsafetyspecialistsgroup@gmailcom.
Rev. 3,2,.2020
Call Now
Email Us
English
Afrikaans Albanian Amharic Arabic Armenian Azerbaijani Basque Belarusian Bengali Bosnian Bulgarian Catalan Cebuano Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Corsican Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Esperanto Estonian Filipino Finnish French Frisian Galician Georgian German Greek Gujarati Haitian Creole Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hindi Hmong Hungarian Icelandic Igbo Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Javanese Kannada Kazakh Khmer Korean Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kyrgyz Lao Latin Latvian Lithuanian Luxembourgish Macedonian Malagasy Malay Malayalam Maltese Maori Marathi Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nepali Norwegian Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese Punjabi Romanian Russian Samoan Scottish Gaelic Serbian Sesotho Shona Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sudanese Swahili Swedish Tajik Tamil Telugu Thai Turkish Ukrainian Urdu Uzbek Vietnamese Welsh Xhosa Yiddish Yoruba Zulu