https://pyrotekfx.com/privacy-policy/
AboutOur StoryPartnering with UsOur TeamCareersEffects & ServicesPyrotechnicsFlamesLasersAtmosphericsConfettiWaterCustom EffectsRentalsPortfolioPost MaloneJonas BrothersJennifer LopezTaylor SwiftFlorida Georgia LineInsights & EventsIndustry InsightsInnovationsCompany NewsEventsContact Us
AboutOur StoryPartnering with UsOur TeamCareersEffects & ServicesPyrotechnicsFlamesLasersAtmosphericsConfettiWaterRentalsLooking for something custom?Custom EffectsPortfolioPost MaloneJonas BrothersJennifer LopezTaylor SwiftFlorida Georgia LineInsights & EventsIndustry InsightsInnovationsCompany NewsEventsContact Us
Privacy Policy
Effective date of the policyLast Modified: October 2018
At Pyrotek Special Effects Inc. (“Pyrotek”), we know you care about your personal privacy and about the terms and conditions that govern your use of this Website and our use of any personal information that you provide to us. This Privacy Policy and the Conditions of Use for the Pyrotek website detail the company’s policies with respect to the handling of personal information submitted by you or otherwise collected by Pyrotek via the company’s website. Pyrotek will use and disclose your personal information only in accordance with the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Conditions of Use. This policy applies to Pyrotek  and to the following domains (the ” Site”:)pyrotekfx.comThis Privacy Policy does not apply to data provided to us by our customers under services agreements. The policies governing the use of such data are covered within the specific services agreements related to such data and services.General Legal Notice and DisclaimerWe provide access to the publicly available information contained on this Website to our customers and non-customers alike. References herein to any legal summary, product, process or service do not constitute or imply endorsement or recommendation by Pyrotek. While we make every effort to present accurate and reliable information on this site; however, Pyrotek does not approve or certify such information nor does it guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, timeliness or correct sequencing of such information. Your use of such information is voluntary and your reliance on it should only be undertaken after an independent review of its applicability, accuracy, completeness, efficacy and timeliness with regard to your specific needs. Pyrotek (including its employees and agents) is not responsible for, and expressly disclaims all liability for damages of any kind arising out of use, reference to or reliance on the information available through this Site. Pyrotek makes no approvals, recommendations, endorsements, guarantees or warranties, including, but not limited to, any express or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for any particular use or purpose of products or services named on this Site.This Site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of those sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each site that collects information from you. Pyrotek’s Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the Site. You will know when you are leaving our site as a new browser window will open.Personal InformationPersonal information is data that can be used to identify a single person and information about that specific person.You may be asked to provide certain personal information when you interact with Pyrotek  or our Subsidiaries. We collect personal information on our websites when users fill out information request forms, send us an email, or contact the company by telephone. Pyrotek may store the inquiries and the contents of such inquiries including any personal information the user may have provided. Any personal information submitted by you via an inquiry is collected only with your knowledge and consent.When you download content from our website, contact us, or participate in an online survey, we may collect personal information such as your name, company, mailing address, country, phone number, email address, and communication preferences.Use of Personal InformationWe use the information that we collect to:Keep you informed about product and service announcements, news or upcoming events, regulatory changes, and marketing content.Help us provide you with appropriate content and advertising.Send important notices such as communications about certain services and changes to our terms, and policies.Audit, analyze, and conduct research relative to our products, services, and customer communications.Provide our website visitors information relevant to their needs and to provide ease of access to information.We may combine the information you provide with other information to improve the content and advertising that we present to you. You are not required to provide the personal information that we request; however, choosing to not provide it may prevent us from providing you with the requested content or information.Access to Personal Information and ChoiceIt’s our policy to allow you to have choices with respect to our use of your personal information and to allow you to correct or delete your personal information in our records.You may reply to the e-mails and type the words “REMOVE ME” in the subject line before sending. Your e-mail address will be removed from further e-mailings of marketing materials.You may also send corrections, or deletion requests by emailing us at info@pyrotekfx.com. We will honor your request to delete your data unless Pyrotek is required to retain it by law or has other legitimate business needs to retain it.Information SharingPyrotek does not sell your personal information to third parties. We may provide your information to third parties or service providers solely to process information on our behalf or provide a service to us, such as fulfilling a direct mail piece or email to our customers; however, Pyrotek requires that these third parties comply with Pyrotek’s privacy policies when processing this information.We may be required to share personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.Retention of Personal InformationWe will retain your personal information only: 1) for the period necessary to fulfill marketing or service-related communications, 2) until your contact information is no longer valid, or 3) until you request to have your information deleted (unless we have a legitimate reason or are required by law to retain it).Use of Cookies and Web Beacons and Site TrackingA “web beacon” is a transparent pixel image used in collecting information about website usage, email response and tracking. Web beacons are used to enhance functionality on the site (e.g. user ID and password prompts) and aggregate traffic data (e.g. what pages are most popular).A “cookie” is a small text file that a Website can place on your computer’s hard drive in order, for example, to collect information about your activities on the site or to make it possible for you to download educational content without having to reenter your contact information. The cookie transmits this information back to the Website’s computer which is typically the only computer that can read it. Many consumers do not know that “cookies” are being placed on their computers when they visit Websites. If you want to know when this happens, or to prevent it from happening, you can set your browser to warn you when a Website attempts to place a “cookie” on your computer.
Pyrotek uses third party applications including, but not limited to, Google Analytics, Oracle Eloqua and Clicky, Moz, Constant Contact which may use web beacons or clear gifs to track visitors on any of our Websites. We automatically collect and store; the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet; the Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using; the browser software you use and your operating system; the date and time you access our sites; and the Internet address of the site from which you linked directly to our sites.We use this information as anonymous aggregate data to determine the number of visitors to different sections of our sites, to ensure the sites are working properly, and to help us make our sites more useful.If a site visitor provides us with contact information through a form submittal, we know the identity of the site visitor and can track and record information about which pages on our website the site visitor views, which helps us provide more relevant information based on their apparent interests.Protecting Your Personal InformationTo protect the privacy and security of customer owned data and personally identifiable information you transmit through use of this Site, we maintain physical, technical and administrative safeguards. We update and test our security technology on an ongoing basis. We restrict access to your personally identifiable information to those employees who need to know that information to provide benefits or services to you. In addition, we train our employees about the importance of confidentiality and maintaining the privacy and security of your information. We commit to taking appropriate disciplinary measures to enforce our employees’ privacy responsibilities.Personal Information from ChildrenBecause of the nature of our business, our services are not provided to minors. We will not ask minors (including specifically, children under 13) to provide personal information if we have knowledge of their minority status.Contacting Us or Registering a ComplaintShould you wish to register a complaint with Pyrotek regarding our handling of your personal information or this Privacy Policy please contact us by e-mail at info@pyrotekfx.com or by contacting customer service by telephone at (1.800.481.9910). You may mail us at the following address:Pyrotek Special EffectsATTN: Compliance Officer201 Whitehall Drive, Unit 6Markham, On CanadaL3R 9Y3Conditions of UseBy using this Site, the user agrees to these terms and conditions, including, without limitation the above-referenced Privacy Policy. If the user does not agree to any of these terms and conditions, the user should not use this Site. User agrees that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Policy, or any of the other terms and conditions set forth herein, will be governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario.Privacy Policy UpdatesWe reserve the right to amend the Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason, without notice to you, other than the posting of the amended Privacy Policy. Users should check site to see the current Privacy Policy that is in effect and any changes that may have been made to it. The provisions contained herein supersede all previous notices or statements regarding our privacy practices and the terms and conditions that govern them.European Union (EU) and Swiss data subjects:Pyrotek has developed policies and practices to comply with the requirements of the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the desires of EU and Swiss individuals to have choice and control over how their personal information is used. With respect to EU and Swiss individuals, we will attempt to identify EU and Swiss visitors to our Websites, and, if so identified, subject any personal information that you give us to the requirements of the GDPR.By policy, we will only collect personal information if we have your consent or a legitimate interest to do so.Pyrotek will only send sales and marketing information to EU and Swiss data subjects if they have provided express consent to do so on a web form or through an email requesting such information, verbally over the phone, or face-to-face at a tradeshow.If we can identify your visit to our website as coming from the EU or Switzerland, we will notify you of our cookie policy and provide you with the opportunity to consent to or opt-out of having cookies placed on your device.We recognize your right to access, correct, or obtain a copy of any personal information that we have collected on you, and to request that we delete such information. You may use the contact information listed above to make such a request, or to make a complaint with respect to our possession or handling of your information. We will comply with any request to delete personal information unless we have a legal obligation or right to retain such information.U.S. Privacy Shield CertificationAs an entity operating in global markets Pyrotek and its Subsidiaries will receive personal data from EU or Swiss individuals. Pyrotek and its Subsidiaries are Privacy Shield certified to confirm its commitment to complying with the Privacy Shield principles. Our active status in this program can be confirmed by going to the Privacy Shield website at https://www.privacyshield.gov/list. We also confirm that Pyrotek  and its Subsidiaries are subject to the investigative and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and that the FTC has jurisdiction over our Privacy Shield.Pyrotek is committed to fully complying with the Privacy Shield Principles:We have described above the types of personal data we might collect from EU and Swiss individuals, the purposes for which we collect the data, the third parties with which we share such data and our purposes for doing so. We also ensure that any third party with which we share your data is also certified under Privacy Shield. We acknowledge our liability with respect to our onward transfers of your personal data to third parties.As noted above in the GDPR section, for EU and Swiss individuals, we honor your “right of choice” with respect to your data by offering a number of opt-in and opt-out mechanisms. We honor your right to access, correct, or obtain a copy of any personal information that we have collected on you, and to request that we delete such information.If you wish to make a request to us regarding your personal data you may do so at info@pyrotekfx.com. You may also mail us at the address listed above.If we have not satisfactorily addressed your request within forty-five (45 days), you may contact our independent dispute resolution partner at the International Centre for Dispute Resolution/American Arbitration Association and they will assist you (https://www.icdr.org/privacyshield). Under certain conditions you may be able to invoke binding arbitration for your unresolved complaints regarding our Privacy Shield compliance. The following link will help you pursue this option. http://privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction.Please be aware that we may be required to disclose personal data that we have collected in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements.If you have questions about your privacy or our privacy policy, please contact us at: info@pyrotekfx.com. If you are not satisfied with our response to your questions, you also have the right to make a complaint to your supervisory authority
Get in touch
We’re here to help you enhance every aspect of your audience’s experience.
Contact Us