https://qams.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy for Quality Assessments Mystery Shoppers
Quality Assessments Mystery Shoppers, Inc (“We”) protects the privacy of any information collected from this website. We will contact you if at any time your personal identifiable information share by you is collected, used or shared through the website. We will make sure that security measures are in place and that you can correct any inaccuracies.
Information we collect
We are the sole owners of any information collected on this site. We only have access to your personal identifiable information when you voluntarily give us access via email or registration etc.. and we do not sell this information to anyone else. Users are not required to enter any of their information to use the public areas of our site. Through registrations we may collect name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, social security number, credit card information, billing information, and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and service and consider it your personal identifiable information..
We will not share your personal identifiable information with anyone else other than to fulfill your request. We might contact you via email to let you know about new products and services or changes to this policy. We do not collect personal identifiable information from our site but if you voluntarily provide information from the contact us form or subscribe to newsletters or register with us, we might contact you.
How We Use Information
Your Personal Identifiable Information will only be used by Quality Assessments Mystery Shoppers for reasons defined when you register, or ask us to contact you etc.. We may contact you about products and services but we do not sell lists to any other third-party from data gathered at the website. We use the information gathered to help us with research.  If case of a merger, purchase etc.. of Quality Assessments Mystery shoppers, website users would be part of the assets transferred.
Children Under the Age of 13
The Quality Assessments Mystery Shopppers, Inc. website is not intended for anyone under the age of 13.  If you believe that we might have any information about someone under the age of 13, please contact us at qamscontact@qams.com. At no time do we knowingly collect personal identifiable information about anyone under 13 or through any of our registrations or other contact us forms etc..  at our website. If we find that we have identified a person as under 13 without parental consent, we will delete their information.
Tracking technologies/Security Policy
To avoid any cookie tracking, simply set your browser to refuse all or to be alerts if cookies are tracked. To stop receiving emails, simply login and adjust your setting to stop all types of emails. Quality Assessments Mystery Shoppers has set up reasonable security measures for your data to safeguard your Personal Identifiable information from any unauthorized use etc..  Make sure to maintain your login with an updated password. Quality Assessments is not responsible for any unforeseen security threats or transmission since website transmissions cannot be 100% guaranteed. Therefore, any information submitted here or to a third party of ours, is done as your own risk and Quality Assessments Mystery Shoppers and it’s officers and partners cannot be held legally responsible for any data security issue. Per this policy, you release us and hold us harmless. You agree not to act in any way that compromises the Quality Assessment Mystery Shoppers website.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us at contactqams@qams.com or 217-341-6490.