https://qcbt.bank/privacy/website-notice
Website Notices
Home
Privacy
Website Notices
Copyright© 2019 By Quad City Bank and Trust Company
All information on this server is protected by a compilation copyright in the United States of America and in other countries. In addition, certain information is copyrighted by others. Unless otherwise specified, no one has permission to copy or republish, in any form, any information found on the Quad City Bank and Trust Company web site.
Permitted Use
Any person is hereby authorized to view the information available from this web server for informational purposes only. No part of the information on this server can be redistributed, copied, or reproduced without prior written consent of Quad City Bank and Trust Company.
Disclaimer of Warranties
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN OR ACCESSED THROUGH THIS WEB SERVER IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.References to corporations, their services and products, are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied. In no event shall Quad City Bank & Trust be liable for any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data, or profits, whether or not advised of the possibility of damage, and on any theory of liability, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of this information.
Statements Relating to Corporate Names and Marks of Third Parties
All references on Quad City Bank and Trust Company's web server to the corporate names, trade names, trademarks, and service marks of third parties are intended to accurately identify such parties as the sources of specific products and services. In many instances, the referenced names and marks are the subject of federal, state, and international registrations. Quad City Bank and Trust Company makes no claim of any interest or license under any such names and marks of other parties identified in this web server, and Quad City Bank and Trust Company acknowledges the proprietary rights of such other parties to their identified names and marks. Quad City Bank and Trust Company's use of such names and marks is only for purposes of proper identification, and there is no intention on the part of Quad City Bank and Trust Company to improperly use or dilute the proprietary rights of the owners and authorized users of such names and marks.
Products and Services of Third Parties and Hyperlinks to other Web Sites
Descriptions of, or references to, products, services, publications, or any hyperlinks to other web sites within Quad City Bank and Trust Company's web server does not imply endorsement of that product, service, publication or company. Quad City Bank and Trust Company makes no warranty of any kind with respect to the subject matter included herein, the products listed herein, or the completeness or accuracy of the information. Quad City Bank and Trust Company specifically disclaims all warranties, express, implied or otherwise, including without limitation, all warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.This publication could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes may be periodically made to the information herein.
Disclosures
Disclosure Statement For Consumers: Loan information presented on the website of Quad City Bank and Trust Company is in accordance with the Federal Reserve Truth in Lending Act. Interest rates displayed for loan products are based on an Annual Percentage Rate (APR) and may fluctuate at any time.Deposit information presented on the website of Quad City Bank and Trust Company is in accordance with the Federal Reserves Truth in Savings Act. Interest rates displayed for deposit products are based on Annual Percentage Yield (APY) and may fluctuate at any time.Quad City Bank and Trust Company is chartered in the state of Iowa serving the needs of Scott County, IA and Rock Island County, IL.Facts, data, & other information presented on Quad City Bank and Trust Company pages are provided directly by Quad City Bank and Trust Company.Quad City Bank and Trust Company, our employees, officers, directors and shareholders, are not responsible for typographical errors or errors of omission; and, we cannot guarantee that all information is accurate or complete.All contents Copyright © 2019, Quad City Bank and Trust Company. All Rights Reserved.
Please Notice
×
You are now being directed to a third-party website. QCBT does
not own or control the website and it may contain products that are not
insured by the FDIC; not a deposit or other obligation of, or guaranteed
by, the depository institution; subject to investment risks, including
possible loss of the principal amount invested. This third-party website
does not operate under the QCBT privacy and information security
policies and practices. Please consult the privacy and information
security policy on the third-party website if you have any concerns or
questions about the website or its content.
Cancel
Okay
Website IE Support Notice
×
Notice: We see you are accessing
qcbt.bank
from Internet Explorer (IE).
For security reasons, we’re following Microsoft’s recommendations and moving forward with plans to end support for IE11. To make sure
qcbt.bank
renders properly and securely, please update your browser.
Fully supported browsers include: Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, and Apple Safari.
Okay