https://qdlinsurance.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Toggle Menu
Toggle High Contrast Mode
Enable High Contrast Mode
Disable High Contrast Mode
Call 845-331-4761
Home
About Us
About
History
Who We Are
Services
Personal Services
Business Services
Get A Quote
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Quilty, Dwyer & Larkin Insurance Agency, which operates the portal located at www.qdlinsurance.com (hereafter known as QDLinsurance.com), respects the privacy rights of individuals who visit, use, and interact with (collectively “Users”) this portal (“Site”). Information may be collected from Users during their visits to this Site in order to allow QDLinsurance.com to provide better service. QDLinsurance.com is concerned about treating this information with care, so it has implemented this Privacy Policy (“Policy”).
Types of Information Collected and How it is Used
Aggregate Information: QDLinsurance.com collects information that is not personal information about Users to measure traffic on the Site. This information is collected automatically on an aggregate basis (“Aggregate Information”) through the use of a “cookie” or small text file placed on the User’s hard drive by the User’s Internet browser. The cookie allows QDLinsurance.com to track the number of hits or visits to various pages on the Site. The cookie is used only during a single connection to the Site, and is not used to track User activity after leaving the Site. The cookie is permanently disabled when the User exits the Site, and information about individual Users is not collected, saved or distributed to others by QDLinsurance.com except as provided for in this Policy. Aggregate Information helps QDLinsurance.com understand Users’ needs, improve the Site, and demonstrate to others the volume and nature of Site traffic. Aggregate Information may be shared with third parties as described in the section called “Information Provided to Third Parties” below.
User Information: User information from the Site may be obtained, retained, and/or used (collectively “Used”) by QDLinsurance.com to facilitate Users’ access to, use of, and/or participation in any products/services/resources/surveys (collectively “Services”) from the Site. Information about Users may be provided by QDLinsurance.com to other entities, such as insurance carriers; vendors; independent insurance agents/agencies brokers/brokerage firms; the Independent Insurance Agents & Brokers of America, Inc. (“IIABA”); state associations affiliated with IIABA; and Trusted Choice®, Inc., and others providing Services through the Site (collectively “Service Providers”), and such information may be Used by QDLinsurance.com and Service Providers.
Services Information: Information from Users on the Site may be Used by QDLinsurance.com, such as, but not limited to, for processing requests for and/or participation in Services offered by or through QDLinsurance.com, including, but not limited to, from Service Providers. Such information about Users also may be provided to and Used by Service Providers, as described in the section called “Information Provided to Third Parties” below.
E-mail Information: Information QDLinsurance.com receives from Users via e-mail may be Used by QDLinsurance.com and may be provided to and Used by third parties as described in the section called “Information Provided to Third Parties” below.
Information about Children Under 13: It is QDLinsurance.com’s policy not to collect personal information of children under age 13. If it is necessary to collect such personal information from a child identified as being under age 13, QDLinsurance.com will do so only after obtaining verifiable parental consent. If QDLinsurance.com becomes aware that it has inadvertently collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, such personal information will be deleted from QDLinsurance.com’s system.
Information Provided to Third Parties: Information collected on this Site will only be provided to third parties in the manner specified in this Policy. Those who do not want their information shared in this manner should not provide the information. Information Used by QDLinsurance.com may be provided to third parties, such as, but not limited to, Service Providers. Information shared with such third parties may be Used to conduct business, including, without limitation: i) completing the transaction(s) requested by the User; and ii) serving Users and/or reporting on transactions, activities, and Services conducted with or facilitated by QDLinsurance.com. QDLinsurance.com also may disclose such information to comply with the law or legal process; to exercise QDLinsurance.com’s legal rights or defend against legal claims; to enforce QDLinsurance.com’s policies (including, without limitation, its Terms of Use); and/or to protect the rights, property or safety of others.
Security
QDLinsurance.com uses a combination of industry typical security measures to protect personal information it collects. Such measures will change from time to time. QDLinsurance.com makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, that such measures will protect all personal information collected, however QDLinsurance.com will make reasonable efforts to protect such information from unauthorized access.
Links to Other Sites
This Site contains links to Internet sites of Service Providers, other QDLinsurance.com partners/vendors, and other businesses and resources (collectively “Linked Resources”), and each Internet site of Linked Resources may have its own privacy and data collection policies and practices. QDLinsurance.com is not responsible for the privacy and data collection policies and practices of any Linked Resources or for the content of their Internet sites. Users interested in the privacy and data collection policies and practices of Linked Resources should review the policies of the Internet sites they choose to access.
QDLinsurance.com makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the Internet sites of Linked Resources, and QDLinsurance.com disclaims all warranties and responsibilities of any kind, including, without limitation, warranties and responsibilities with respect to Linked Resources’ Internet sites, content, privacy and data collection policies and practices, and actions. Links to other Internet sites, including, but not limited to, Linked Resources, do not imply QDLinsurance.com’s endorsement or approval of such Internet sites or the resources and information contained within them, nor are such links or references indications that QDLinsurance.com has received specific authorization to provide these links or resources. QDLinsurance.com does not endorse, approve, certify or control such external Internet sites, and is not responsible for the accuracy, timeliness, completeness, efficacy, merchantability, usefulness, fitness for any particular purpose or correct sequencing of information located at such Internet sites. The links and references on this Site to other Internet sites, including, but not limited to, Linked Resources are provided solely as a convenience to Users of this Site.
Your Rights to Access and Amend Your Personal Information
You have the right to request access to the personal information that is maintained about you on this Site to ensure that it is accurate. You also can request corrections, amendments or deletions of any personal information obtained through this Site or otherwise in our possession.
To obtain access to, or seek to correct, amend, or delete any of your personal information: Submit a request in writing to QDLinsurance.com, PO Box 3325, Kingston, NY 12402. The request must include your name; address; telephone number; the specific personal information at issue; the identity of the document or record that contains the disputed personal information; and the desired correction, amendment or deletion (along with any appropriate supporting documentation). We will notify you within 30 business days after receipt of your request with all required information to notify you either that we have made the requested correction, amendment or deletion or that we will not do so and the reasons for the decision not to do so.
Change to Policy
QDLinsurance.com reserves the right to and may change this Policy at any time, and changes will become effective when the revised Policy is posted on this Site. You are encouraged to review this Policy periodically so you are informed about QDLinsurance.com’s privacy practices and policies.
Close