http://qmsupplies.co.uk/policies/
Our Policies
Candidate Privacy Notice
Data controller: Quarry Manufacturing & Supplies Ltd (‘the Employer’)
As part of any recruitment process, the Employer collects and processes personal data relating to job applicants. The Employer is committed to being transparent about how it collects and uses that data and to meeting its data protection obligations.
What information does the Employer collect?
The Employer collects a range of information about you. This includes:
your name, address and contact details, including email address and telephone number;
details of your qualifications, skills, experience and employment history;
information about your current level of remuneration, including benefit entitlements;
whether or not you have a disability for which the Employer needs to make reasonable adjustments during the recruitment process; and
information about your entitlement to work in the UK.
The Employer may collect this information in a variety of ways. For example, data might be contained in application forms, CVs or resumes, obtained from your passport or other identity documents, or collected through interviews or other forms of assessment.
The Employer may also collect personal data about you from third parties, such as references supplied by former employers. The Employer will seek information from third parties only once a job offer to you has been made and will inform you that it is doing so.
Data will be stored in a range of different places, including on your application record, in HR management systems and on other IT systems (including email).
Why does the Employer process personal data?
The Employer needs to process data to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract with you. It may also need to process your data to enter into a contract with you.
In some cases, the Employer needs to process data to ensure that it is complying with its legal obligations. For example, it is required to check a successful applicant’s eligibility to work in the UK before employment starts.
The Employer has a legitimate interest in processing personal data during the recruitment process and for keeping records of the process. Processing data from job applicants allows the Employer to manage the recruitment process, assess and confirm a candidate’s suitability for employment and decide to whom to offer a job. The Employer may also need to process data from job applicants to respond to and defend against legal claims.
The Employer may process special categories of data, such as information about ethnic origin, sexual orientation or religion or belief, to monitor recruitment statistics. It may also collect information about whether or not applicants are disabled to make reasonable adjustments for candidates who have a disability. The Employer processes such information to carry out its obligations and exercise specific rights in relation to employment.
If your application is unsuccessful, the Employer may keep your personal data on file in case there are future employment opportunities for which you may be suited. The Employer will ask for your consent before it keeps your data for this purpose and you are free to withdraw your consent at any time.
Who has access to data?
Your information may be shared internally for the purposes of the recruitment exercise.
This includes members of the HR and recruitment team, interviewers involved in the recruitment process, managers in the business area with a vacancy and IT staff if access to the data is necessary for the performance of their roles.
The Employer will not share your data with third parties, unless your application for employment is successful and it makes you an offer of employment. The Employer will then share your data with former employers to obtain references for you.
The Employer will not transfer your data outside the European Economic Area.
How does the Employer protect data?
The Employer takes the security of your data seriously. It has internal policies and controls in place to ensure that your data is not lost, accidentally destroyed, misused or disclosed, and is not accessed except by our employees in the proper performance of their duties.
For how long does the Employer keep data?
If your application for employment is unsuccessful, the Employer will hold your data on file for 6 months after the end of the relevant recruitment process. If you agree to allow the Employer to keep your personal data on file, the Employers will hold your data on file for a further 6 years for consideration for future employment opportunities. At the end of that period or once you withdraw your consent, your data is deleted or destroyed.
If your application for employment is successful, personal data gathered during the recruitment process will be transferred to your personnel file and retained during your employment. The periods for which your data will be held will be provided to you in a new privacy notice.
Your rights
As a data subject, you have a number of rights. You can:
access and obtain a copy of your data on request;
require the Employer to change incorrect or incomplete data;
require the Employer to delete or stop processing your data, for example where the data is no longer necessary for the purposes of processing; and
object to the processing of your data where the Employer is relying on its legitimate interests as the legal ground for processing.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact a member of the HR Department.
If you believe that the Employer has not complied with your data protection rights, you can complain to the Information Commissioner.
What if you do not provide personal data?
You are under no statutory or contractual obligation to provide data to the Employer during the recruitment process. However, if you do not provide the information, the Employer may not be able to process your application properly or at all.
Automated decision-making
Recruitment processes are not based solely on automated decision-making.
Last updated 25 May 2018
Environmental Policies
Quarry Manufacturing and Supplies Ltd. (the Organisation) is committed to reducing the impact of its activities on the environment in its offices, workshops, stores and yards and within its products and services where practicable.
To this end the Organisation has implemented an environmental management system to continuously improve its environmental performance and sustains compliance to the international Environmental Management Standard ISO 14001
In order to meet this commitment the Organisation will pursue the following objectives:
To ensure compliance with all applicable environmental legislation and regulations
To reduce emissions and prevent pollution
To improve waste management practices
To reduce consumption of natural resources
To minimise noise and other nuisances
To assist in the management of ecology
To continuously assess its environmental performance
To assist in the investigation of environmental incidents in which it is involved on customer sites
To make its environmental information available to interested parties
This policy statement is recognised in our achievement of ISO 14001
The necessary personnel and financial resources will be allocated to assist the Organisation in meeting its environmental objectives and targets that will be reviewed as appropriate. In addition the Organisation will continue to raise the levels of environmental awareness throughout its workforce and to promote this awareness to its customers and suppliers.
Health and Safety Policies
The policy of the directors of Quarry Manufacturing and Supplies Ltd. is to achieve and maintain conditions of work which are safe and healthy for all employees. The Directors accept an obligation to comply with all current and relevant legislation and codes of practice. They will also actively seek to reduce the risk of accidents, dangerous occurrences and hazards to health and safety.They will make adequate financial provisions in order to meet these requirements, and promote safe working practices by:
As far as practicable, make the working environment safe and without risks.
Control such hazards that cannot be completely eliminated, by making available such protective clothing and equipment to protect against those hazards.
To provide training, instruction, information and supervision, in order to achieve safe working practices, thereby ensuring the safety and health of all employees.
Encourage involvement of all employees in the Company’s efforts to promote the Health and Safety at Work Act.
To consider the risks to persons, not employed by the Company, who may be affected directly or indirectly, by the Company’s operations, with the same care and attention as is given to the Company’s employees.
Ensure that hazards are identified, risks are assessed and safe systems of work are applied.Ensure that regular reviews of procedures and instructions are carried out and revised as appropriate, in accordance with knowledge and changing circumstances.
Quality Policies
Here at Quarry Manufacturing & Supplies Ltd we specialise in the manufacture and supply of rock crushing machines and the manufacture and stockholding of associated spare parts. We believe that customer satisfaction is vital and that we must meet the requirements in terms of the products and service we provide, with a goal of continually seeking to improve them. It is our policy to meet fully our customers’ requirements.
All of our employees have a positive commitment to quality and respond quickly and effectively to achieve the performance standards required of them.
The Company recognises that to provide a continually high standard of product and customer service, a formalised Quality Management System needs to be employed.The system operated at Quarry Manufacturing & Supplies Ltd complies with BS EN ISO 9001:20008
Management and employees of Quarry Manufacturing & Supplies Ltd are committed to BS EN ISO 9001:2008, and working to the procedures set out in the Quality System.
This Quality Policy provides a framework for establishing and reviewing quality objectives.
Racial Equality Policy
The purpose of this policy is to ensure equal opportunities for all workers, job applicants, clients and customers, irrespective of race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin. We value a diverse customer base and the individuality and creativity that every worker potentially brings to the workforce. Workers, job applicants, visitors, clients and customers will be treated fairly, openly and honestly, and with dignity and respect.
No job applicant or employee will receive less favourable treatment on grounds of race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin.
Equality of opportunity is about good employment practice and makes sound business sense. Steps will be taken to make sure all business practices ensure equal opportunities.
Recruitment, training and promotion opportunities will be made as widely available as possible.
Selection criteria for employment, training and promotion opportunities will be entirely related to the job.
Employment decisions on recruitment, promotion and training will be made solely on the basis of merit.
Everyone has the right to work and do business in an environment free of unlawful discrimination and harassment. We will not tolerate such behaviour under any circumstances.
Disciplinary action, including dismissal, may be taken against any worker found responsible for harassment or discrimination.
Any worker or trainee who believes he or she is being discriminated against, victimised or harassed should raise the matter through the company’s complaints procedure.
This policy is fully supported by Quarry Manufacturing & Supplies Ltd. We will ensure that all our workers, customers and clients are aware of the policy, and that they understand that they are responsible for observing it.
Our racial equality action plan outlines the steps we will take to give effect to this policy. We will monitor the action plan and review the progress we have made each year, to make sure the policy is achieving its aims.
Recycling Policy
In line with our environmental policy QMS is committed to sustainable waste management through reducing our consumption of materials, encouraging re-use where possible and promoting recycling and the use of recycled materials. When disposal is the only option we will seek to dispose of materials in an environmentally sensitive manner.
In order to accomplish the aim, we will:
Advise staff on how to minimise the production of waste by the utilisation of waste reduction techniques.
Cultivate a work ethic with a high level of awareness of waste minimisation and recycling within the company.
Give guidance and information to staff to facilitate their participation in the recycling of their waste.
Favour where possible suppliers who remove packaging as part of their supply contract and obligations and who operate according to sound environmental principles.
Provide targeted staff training that enables waste reduction and maximises the volume of materials recycled.
Monitor the volume of waste that is sent to landfill and the volume that is recycled.
Promote economy in the use of paper and the selection of print formats and document styles in line with this.
Encourage the purchase of recycled materials and those which are suitable for disposal by recycling.
Minimise waste by encouraging the exchange, and reuse of equipment and materials amongst departments.
Develop a waste management strategy which accommodates recycling procedures and initiatives.
Develop a range of company-wide recycling schemes.
To see our full range of products download our brochure
Download PDF
Contact Info
Call Us
+44 (0)1530 811 081
Email Us
sales@qmsupplies.co.uk
Disclaimer
All brand names, model names or marks are owned by their respective manufacturers. QMS has no affiliation with the OEM. These terms are used for identification purposes only and are not intended to indicate affiliation with or approval by the OEM. All parts are manufactured by, for and warranted by QMS and are not manufactured by, purchased from or warranted by the OEM.