http://quadrox.com/privacy-statement.aspx
| Site Map
|Sign In
Home
Products and Services
Customer support
Press room
Contact us
Quadrox Inc., Tsov, nv. Online Privacy Statement
Quadrox respects your privacy and is committed to protecting the personal information you share with us. This statement describes how Quadrox Systems collects and uses your personal information to provide services that you request or when you choose to provide us with your personal information.
Table of Contents
Information CollectionNoticeHow We Use Information CollectedInformation Sharing and DisclosureYour Ability to Access, Update or Deactivate Your InformationData SecurityThird Party SitesChanges to this Privacy StatementQuestions or Suggestions
Information Collection  Personal information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, email address, a home, postal or other physical address, other contact information, title, occupation, industry, personal interests, and other information when needed to provide a service or product or carry out a transaction you have requested.When you browse our website, you do so anonymously, unless you have previously registered with us. We do not automatically collect personal information, including your email address. We do log your IP address (the Internet address of your computer) to give us an idea of which part of our website you visit and how long you spend there. But we do not link your IP address to any personal information unless you have registered with us. Like many other commercial websites, the Quadrox website may use a standard technologies, such as "cookies" and other HTML tools, to collect information about how you use the site or to record that you opened an email marketing message.Quadrox collects personal information when you register with Quadrox for a Quadrox account, when you use certain Quadrox products or services, when you register to attend a seminar or participate in an online survey, when you ask to be included in an email or other mailing list, or when you submit an entry for a sweepstakes or other promotions, or when you submit your personal information to Quadrox for any other reason. From time to time, Quadrox receives personal information from business partners and vendors. Quadrox only uses such information if it has been collected in accordance with acceptable privacy practices consistent with this Privacy Statement and applicable laws.Access to certain Quadrox web pages requires a login and a password. The use of those web pages, and the information or programs downloadable from those sites, may be governed by a written agreement between your employer and Quadrox. Unless you request deactivation of your personal information as specified below, your personal information may be retained by Quadrox to verify compliance with the agreement, log software licenses granted, track software downloaded from those pages, or track usage of other applications available on those pages.
NoticeWhen personal information is collected, we will inform you at the point of collection the purpose for the collection. Quadrox will not transfer your personal information to third parties without your consent, except under the limited conditions described under the discussion entitled "Information Sharing and Disclosure" below.In most cases we will provide you with the opportunity to "opt in" prior to receiving direct marketing or market research information. This means we will require your affirmative action to indicate your consent before we use your information for purposes other than the purpose for which it was submitted. At a minimum, we will always give you the opportunity to "opt out" of receiving such materials. This means we assume you have given us your consent to collect and use your information in accordance with this Privacy Statement unless you take affirmative action to indicate that you do not consent, for instance by clicking or checking the appropriate option or box at the point of collection.
How We Use Information CollectedQuadrox uses information for several general purposes: to fulfil your requests for certain products and services, to personalize your experience on our website, to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers or other information we think you would like to hear about either from us or from our business partners, and to better understand your needs and provide you with better services. We may also use your information to send you, direct marketing information or contact you for market research.
Information Sharing and DisclosureYour personal information is never shared outside Quadrox without your permission, except under conditions explained below. Inside Quadrox, data is stored in controlled servers with limited access. Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country where Quadrox, its subsidiaries, affiliates or agents are located.Quadrox may send your personal information to other companies or people under any of the following circumstances:
When we have your consent to share the information;
If sharing your information is necessary to provide a product or service you have requested (If your information is shared with third parties we will only provide the information they need to deliver the service. Also, such companies are prohibited from using your information for any other purpose);
As part of a joint sales promotion or to pass sales leads to one of our distribution partners;
To keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers or other information we think you would like to hear about either from us or from our business partners (unless you have opted out of these types of communications).
We will also disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in urgent circumstances, to protect personal safety, the public or our websites.
Your Ability to Access, Update or Deactivate Your Information
You may also request deactivation of your Quadrox account or any of your personal information held by us by sending an email to privacy@quadrox.com. If you choose to deactivate your account, we will retain in our files some personal information you have requested to remove to prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, respect your opt-out preferences, and comply with legal requirements as permitted by law.
Data Security
Your Quadrox account information is password-protected for your privacy and security. Quadrox safeguards the security of the data you send us with physical, electronic, and managerial procedures. In certain areas of our websites, Quadrox uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to enhance the security of sensitive data transmissions. While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure the security of the information you transmit to us, and so we urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. Change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use a secure browser.
Third Party Sites
Quadrox's website contains links to other sites. Quadrox does not share your personal information with those websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies.
Our website may contain links to websites operated by other companies. Some of these third-party sites may be co-branded with a Quadrox logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by Quadrox. Although we choose our business partners carefully, Quadrox is not responsible for the privacy practices of web sites operated by third parties that are linked to our site. Once you have left our website, you should check the applicable privacy statement of the third party website to determine how they will handle any information they collect from you.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
Quadrox will amend this privacy statement from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will make that information available by posting a notice on this site.
Questions or Suggestions
If you have questions or concerns about our collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information, please email us at info@quadrox.com.
This document was last updated April 30, 2006
Site Search
© 1993 - 2020 Quadrox |
All rights reserved |
Printable View | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Statement
Questions or comments email to info@quadrox.com