http://quantfunds.com/privacy
Jump to Navigation
About UsAbout Pear Tree
Our Philosophy
Our Professionals
Our FundsPolaris Capital ManagementPear Tree Polaris Foreign Value Fund
Pear Tree Polaris Foreign Value Small Cap Fund
Pear Tree Polaris Small Cap Fund
Pear Tree Polaris International Opportunities Fund
Axiom InvestorsPear Tree Axiom Emerging Markets World Equity Fund
Chartwell Investment PartnersPear Tree Quality Fund
Literature & FormsFund Literature
Account Forms
Pricing & PerformanceDaily NAV
Fund Performance
Contact UsContact Us
Shareholder Login
Advisor Login
Careers
Monthly Updates Signup
Privacy Notice
Pear Tree Privacy Notice
Facts
What do we do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.  Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
•    Social Security Numbers
•    Names, Addresses and Telephone numbers
•    Account Balances
•    Account Transactions
•    Transaction History
•    Information regarding your investments in the Pear Tree Mutual Funds
•    Other account information
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reason Pear Tree chooses to share and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Do we share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes
Such as to process your transaction, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes
To offer our products and services to you
No
We don't share
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
We don't share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes
Information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don't share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes
Information about your creditworthiness
No
We don't share
For non-affiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
Questions?
Call 1-800-326-2151
Who is providing this notice?
Pear Tree Advisors, Inc. and its Affiliates (collectively “Pear Tree”).  Our affiliates include the following entities:
•    Pear Tree Advisors, Inc.
•    Pear Tree Funds
•    Pear Tree Partners, LLP
•    U.S. Boston Capital Corporation
We do not share information among our affiliates for marketing purposes.
What we do
How does Pear Tree protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Pear Tree collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
•    Open an account
•    Send us a check or wire
•    Provide account information
•    Give us your contact information
•    Transfer assets from another firm
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit some but not all sharing related to:
•    Affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness
•    Affiliates from using your information to market to you
•    Non-affiliates to market to you.
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
•    Pear Tree does not share your information with affiliates to enable their  marketing efforts.
Non-affiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
•    Pear Tree does not share with non-affiliates to enable their marketing efforts.
Joint marketing
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
•    Pear Tree does not participate in joint marketing efforts
The Pear Tree family of affiliated companies includes U.S. Boston Capital Corporation which is a member of FINRA/SIPC.
Not FDIC/NCUA Insured
Not Bank/Credit Union Guaranteed
May Lose Value
Not Guaranteed by Any Government Agency
Not a Bank/Credit Union Deposit