http://quantfunds.com/legal
Jump to Navigation
About UsAbout Pear Tree
Our Philosophy
Our Professionals
Our FundsPolaris Capital ManagementPear Tree Polaris Foreign Value Fund
Pear Tree Polaris Foreign Value Small Cap Fund
Pear Tree Polaris Small Cap Fund
Pear Tree Polaris International Opportunities Fund
Axiom InvestorsPear Tree Axiom Emerging Markets World Equity Fund
Chartwell Investment PartnersPear Tree Quality Fund
Literature & FormsFund Literature
Account Forms
Pricing & PerformanceDaily NAV
Fund Performance
Contact UsContact Us
Shareholder Login
Advisor Login
Careers
Monthly Updates Signup
Legal Disclaimer
Our Commitment to Privacy
Pear Tree strives to form lasting relationships built on trust.  We make every effort to maintain the highest level of trust and confidentiality.  We do not sell or disclose non-public personal information unless required by law.  Please click our Privacy Notice to view more details about our policies and practices. The policies and practices described in the Privacy Notice apply to all accounts, and we will adhere to them for both current and former clients and current and former Pear Tree Fund shareholders.
Terms of Use
Each time you use this site, your use signifies that you accept the terms and conditions set forth below. If you do not consent to be bound by, or abide by these Terms, do not access this website.
These Terms form a binding contract between Pear Tree Funds, Pear Tree Advisors, Inc., U.S. Boston Capital Corporation and/or their affiliates (“Pear Tree,” “we,” “us,” and “our”) and you, the user (“you” or “your”).  The following terms and conditions represent the entire agreement between you and Pear Tree relating to your use of this site.  This website is intended for the personal, non-commercial use by our clients and Pear Tree Fund shareholders and prospective clients and Pear Tree Fund shareholders and is intended only for clients and Pear Tree Fund shareholders or prospective clients and prospective Pear Tree Fund shareholders residing in the United States.
Modification of Terms and Conditions of Use
Pear Tree owns and operates this website.  We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these Terms at any time.  Because the Terms may change at any time, we suggest that you check these Terms for changes.
No Professional Advice or Recommendations
This website is not intended to provide financial, legal, investment or tax related advice.  This website does not constitute any offer or recommendation by Pear Tree to sell, buy, gift, or in any way transfer any security or service.  Pear Tree does not represent that any products, securities or services included in the content of this website is applicable to or suitable for any particular investor.  This website and its content do not represent an offer to sell or a solicitation of any kind.
International Use
Because of the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules with respect to your account and your online conduct, including all laws, rules, codes, and regulations of the country in which you reside and the country from which you access this Site, including without limitation, all laws, rules, codes, regulations, decrees, acts, orders, directives, legislation, bills, and statutes pertaining to tax, contracts, intellectual property, securities, e-commerce, banking, technology, computers, fraud, and privacy. In addition, you agree to comply with all applicable laws, rules, codes, and regulations regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States.
Each investment product and service referred to on this Site is intended to be made available only to U.S. residents. This Site will not be considered a solicitation for or offering of any investment product or service to any person in any jurisdiction where such solicitation or offering would be illegal.
Passwords
When registering for account access or online transactions for your Pear Tree Funds or Pear Tree accounts, you are required to establish a password. Pear Tree will not have access to or a record of your password. You may change your password at any time online.
To guard against predictable passwords, Pear Tree requires that you choose a password between 6-8 characters long, containing at least 2 letters and 2 numbers. The remaining characters may be any combination of numbers and letters. Special characters — !,@,#,$,%, etc. — and spaces are not allowed. The password is case sensitive, so upper and lower case letters are recognized as different characters. It is your responsibility to keep your password confidential.
As a security measure, if your password is input incorrectly three times, your Internet account access and online transaction capabilities will be disabled. To reactivate these features, call a Pear Tree representative at 1-800-326-2151. The system will warn you that you have entered an incorrect password and let you know how many tries you have left.
Security
To protect your personal information, www.peartreefunds.com uses various forms of Internet security, including data encryption, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol, user names and passwords, and other tools.
Intellectual Property
Pear Tree owns and operates this site and is the copyright owner or licensee of the content which may contain software, text, information, images, charts, graphics, reports, presentations, white papers, articles, and any other content on this website. Any and all information or content is protected by United States and international copyright laws and treaties.  No permission is granted to copy, distribute, download, publish, license, report, reuse, reproduce, modify, post or frame any text, graphics, video, audio, software code, or user interface design or logos without the express written consent of Pear Tree.
All trademarks, service marks, and trade names displayed on this site are proprietary to Pear Tree, except as explicitly noted under “Ownership of Other Materials.” Pear Tree reserves all rights and will enforce such rights to the full extent permissible by law.
Expertise
Registration with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any other regulatory agency does not imply or create an understanding that any adviser or employee of Pear Tree is an expert, or has any level of skill or training that would distinguish such employee.
Business Continuity
Pear Tree has a Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Plan that addresses and mitigates potential outages, the safety of associates and protects data; both physical and electronic. The plan has been developed to provide for continuity and/or recovery of our business operations with little to no negative impact on our clients, customers, Pear Tree Fund shareholders, vendors, and associates. This plan is continually reviewed and tested on an annual basis. Alternate location facilities are included in the plan with consideration given to all critical business functions and systems.
Restrictions on Use of Materials
Other users and sites may not:
Copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, or distribute in any way material from Pear Tree’s website or any website owned, operated, licensed, or controlled by Pear Tree, except as specifically stated below under Limited Licenses.
Copy, modify, or display Pear Tree’s name, logo, text, or graphic images in any way without Pear Tree’s express written permission except as set forth in Limited Licenses.
Re-deliver any of the pages, text, images, or other content of Pear Tree’s website using “framing” technology without Pear Tree’s express written permission.
Modify or use the pages, text, images, or other content from Pear Tree’s website for any other purpose; doing so is a violation of Pear Tree’s copyrights and other proprietary rights.
Use devices (including software) that are designed to provide repeated automated access to the Pear Tree website other than those made generally available by Pear Tree. Pear Tree reserves the right to take all measures necessary to prevent such access, including denial or termination of service.
Downloading Software
If you download software from Pear Tree’s website under these terms, the software (including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software (collectively, the “Software”)) is licensed to you by Pear Tree for your personal use. However:
Pear Tree does not transfer title to the Software to you.
You own the medium on which the Software is recorded, but Pear Tree retains full and complete title to the Software, and all intellectual property rights therein.
You may not redistribute, sell, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise reduce the Software to any other form whatsoever.
Ownership of Other Materials
Adobe®, Acrobat®, Acrobat® Reader, and the Acrobat logo are trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated.  Microsoft® and Internet Explorer are trademarks of Microsoft Corporation.
Morningstar® is a trademark of Morningstar, Inc.
Third-Party Content, Linked Websites
Pear Tree is in no way responsible for the content of any site owned by a third party that may be linked to Pear Tree’s website via hyperlink, whether such hyperlink is provided by Pear Tree or by a third party.   No judgment or warranty is made with respect to the accuracy, timeliness, or suitability of the content of any site to which www.peartreefunds.com may link and Pear Tree takes no responsibility for the accuracy, timeliness, or suitability of the content of any such site.  By providing access to other websites, neither Pear Tree nor its affiliates is recommending the purchase or sale of the stock issued by any company, nor is it endorsing services provided by any website’s sponsoring organization.
Pear Tree likewise is not responsible for content that appears on www.peartreefunds.com that may be provided by a third party. Pear Tree is not responsible for their accuracy.
Disclaimers
ALL INFORMATION AND CONTENT ON THE PEAR TREE WEBSITE ARE SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE STATUTES AND REGULATIONS, FURNISHED “AS IS,” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO ANY MATTER WHATSOEVER RELATING TO THIS SERVICE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Pear Tree and its affiliates intend that the information contained in this service be accurate and reliable; however, errors sometimes occur. Pear Tree does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site and the servers that make it available are free from viruses or other harmful components.
By using www.peartreefunds.com, you accept at your own risk that the Internet and online communications medium may not perform as intended despite the efforts of Pear Tree, your Internet service provider, and you. You (and not Pear Tree) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repairs, or correction of your property or operations as a result of using this website.
A reference to a fund or security anywhere on this website is not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold that or any other security.
If you live in a state that does not allow disclaimers of implied warranties, our disclaimer may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
Pear Tree and its affiliates are not liable under any circumstances, including but not limited to negligence, for any special or consequential damages that may result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site, even if Pear Tree or a Pear Tree-authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Pear Tree and its affiliates are not liable for damages or injury, including but not limited to damages or injury caused by any performance, failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of information, whether resulting, in whole or in part, from, among other things, breach of contract, other wrongful behavior or negligence. If you live in a state that does not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
In no event shall Pear Tree’s total liability to you for damages, losses, and causes of action-whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence), or otherwise-exceed the amount paid by you, if any payment was made, for accessing Pear Tree’s site.
Jurisdictional Issues and Applicable Law
Unless otherwise specified, Pear Tree controls and operates this site from our offices within the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, United States of America. Pear Tree does not claim that materials in this site are appropriate or available for use in locations other than Massachusetts. If you choose to access this site from other locations, you do so on your own initiative, and you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.
Software from this site is further subject to United States export controls. Software from this site may not be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported outside the United States. By downloading or using the Software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any country or territory outside of the United States.
The laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, exclusive of conflicts of laws, govern this Agreement. If you take legal action relating to these terms, you agree to file such action only in the Concord District Court, Middlesex County, Massachusetts, or the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Massachusetts, and you consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of those courts for the purposes of litigating any such action. This is the case regardless of whether you reside or transact business with Pear Tree in Massachusetts or elsewhere.
Termination
Pear Tree may terminate your access to the Pear Tree website (or any portion of the website or any services offered on the Pear Tree website) immediately without notice and without limitation if, in Pear Tree’s sole discretion, you fail to comply with any term or provision of this agreement.
Pear Tree shall have no liability to you for terminating your access to the Pear Tree website. Upon termination, you must destroy all materials obtained from this or any Pear Tree site and all copies of those materials, whether or not they were made under these terms.
Integration and Severability
If any provision of these terms is deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these terms and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.