https://quasarelectronics.co.uk/conditionsofsale
Conditions of Sale | Quasar Electronics Limited
All orders are accepted by Quasar Electronics Limited are subject to our conditions of sale which supersede any other terms previously published.
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Please read these conditions carefully before placing an order with Quasar Electronics Limited.
By placing an order with Quasar Electronics Limited, you signify your agreement to be bound by these conditions.
COVID-19 Supplemental Ordering InformationLast updated 11 Dec, 2020We continue to despatch orders using Royal Mail and our other couriers. You may find delivery times are longer than usual, even for express delivery services like Next Day, Royal Mail Special Delivery and International Express Courier. Most domestic deliveries are arriving on time and express services are given priority over standard services. However, delivery charges will not be refunded and consequential loss claims will not be considered if items are delivered later than expected.If we find that we are unable to despatch your order for any reason, we will contact you to confirm if you wish to put your order on hold until such time as we can despatch or instead cancel the order and refund your payment in full.Thank you for your support and understanding at this challenging time.
1.0 DEFINITIONSIn these Terms and Conditions the following words shall have attributed to them the meanings specified 'Goods' shall mean all goods and services which the Customer agrees to buy from Quasar including replacements for defective Goods, hardware documentation and software products licensed for use by the Customer. 'Quasar' shall mean Quasar Electronics Limited whose principal place of business is at PO Box 6935, Bishops Stortford, CM23 4WP, United Kingdom and registered office is at 5 Ducketts Wharf, South Street, Bishops Stortford, CM23 3AR, UK. 'Contract' shall mean the Contract between Quasar and the Customer for the sale of Goods by Quasar to the Customer. 'Customer' shall mean the person, company or any other body that purchases or agrees to purchase Goods whether a Consumer Trade Customer or Credit Customer. 'Catalogue' shall mean any published promotional material produced by Quasar. 'Consumer' shall have the same meaning as attributed by The Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000 or any statutory modification thereof. These rules do not apply to customers outside the United Kingdom. 'Trade Customer' shall mean a Customer who buys Goods for the purpose of a business and not as a Consumer. 'Credit Customer' shall mean a Trade Customer to whom Quasar allows credit in respect of Goods purchased or agreed to be purchased. 'Working Days' shall mean Monday to Friday inclusive but exclusive of Bank Holidays, Christmas Eve and New Years Eve. 'Kit-Form' shall mean any product sold by Quasar that requires construction by the end user2.0 GENERALAll orders for Goods are accepted by Quasar subject to these conditions of sale which supersede any other terms previously published. Unless otherwise specifically agreed in writing on Quasar headed documentation by a Director of Quasar, these conditions of sale override and exclude any other terms stipulated or incorporated or referred to by the Customer, whether in a purchase order or Catalogue or during any negotiations or any course of dealing established between Quasar and the Customer. These conditions constitute the entire understanding between Quasar and the Customer for the sale of Goods.Your order is an offer to Quasar to buy the product(s) in your order.
When you place an order to purchase a product from Quasar, we will send you an e-mail confirming receipt of your order and containing the details of your order (the "Order Confirmation E-mail").
The Order Confirmation E-mail is acknowledgement that we have received your order, and does not confirm acceptance of your offer to buy the product(s) ordered.
We only accept your offer, and conclude the contract of sale for a product ordered by you, when we dispatch the product to you and send e-mail confirmation to you that we've dispatched the product to you (the "Dispatch Confirmation E-mail"). If your order is dispatched in more than one package, you may receive a separate Dispatch Confirmation E-mail for each package, and each Despatch Confirmation E-mail and corresponding dispatch will conclude a separate contract of sale between us for the product(s) specified in that Dispatch Confirmation E-mail.
Your contract is with Quasar Electronics Limited.
Without affecting your right of withdrawal set out in section 2 below, you can cancel your order for a product at no cost any time before we send the Dispatch Confirmation E-mail relating to that product.Quasar reserves the right to deliver part orders, or hold orders until all items are available, as required. Credit cards are only charged for written and telephone orders when Goods are despatched for delivery. The exceptions to this being when Quasar has been requested to custom build Goods to special order and Internet orders which will be charged at the point of order confirmation. Only one delivery charge will be levied in respect of the total order. If any goods are not available within 30 days of the order being placed the customer will be informed and willbe offered the option to continue to await delivery, accept an alternative product or cancel the order and receive a refund where funds have been taken.Quasar reserves the right to decline to trade with any person or organisation. In addition, and notwithstanding any other provisions of these conditions of sale, Quasar may decline to accept any order. In the event that Quasar declines to accept an order in respect of which payment has been received, the full amount of such payment will be refunded.All descriptions and illustrations contained in the Catalogue or any price list or otherwise communicated to the Customer are intended merely to present a general idea of the Goods and nothing contained in any of them shall form any part of the Contract.Any Catalogue published by Quasar is an invitation to treat and not an offer to supply.Any advice or recommendation given by Quasar or its employees or agents to the Customer dealing as a consumer as to the storage, application or use of the Goods is followed or acted upon entirely at the Customers own risk and accordingly (except in the case of manifest error, gross negligence or contractual misrepresentation by such persons). Quasar shall not be liable for any such advice or recommendation which is not confirmed in writing by a Director of Quasar. This condition shall not apply to any Customer purchasing Goods as a consumer.3.0 PRICESAll prices for the Goods are in British Pounds Sterling and subject to Value Added Tax ('VAT') at the relevant rate ruling on the date of despatch and do not include the cost of carriage, package, invoice or other charge which becomes payable under this Contract.Whilst every endeavour will be made to maintain the prices in the Catalogue Quasar reserves the right to alter prices at any time without prior notice.4.0 PAYMENTPayment shall be made by the Customer for all monies owed to Quasar in respect of orders placed for Goods.Under normal circumstances payment shall be made at the time that the order is placed. Payment may be made by, and is accepted by, cash, cheque or major credit and debit cards: (Maestro, MasterCard, Visa, Solo, Electron and American Express). Cheques must be made payable to "Quasar Electronics Ltd" and crossed "payee only".Credit terms are available to Trade Customers on request and subject to status, satisfactory references and acceptable trading history with Quasar. Payment is due by the end of the month following the month of despatch without any deductions. If the Credit Customer fails to make any payment on the due date, then, without prejudice to any other right or remedy available to Quasar, Quasar shall be entitled to: i) Cancel the order and suspend further deliveries of Goods. ii) Allocate any payments made by the Customer to such of the Goods (or Goods supplied under any other order) as Quasar may think fit. iii) Charge an administration fee for any legal or other collection processes required to recover all monies due. iv) Charge interest on the unpaid amount from the due date in accordance with the Late Payment of CommercialDebts (Interest) Act 1998.If the Customer fails to make payment for the Goods in accordance with these Terms and Conditions or permits any other breach of any contract for sale or if any distress or execution shall be levied upon any of the Customers goods or if the Customer offers to make any arrangement with its creditors or if any petition in bankruptcy is presented against the Customer or the Customer is unable to pay its debts as they fall due or if being a limited company any resolution or petition to wind up the Customer (other than for the purpose of amalgamation or reconstruction without insolvency) shall be passed or presented or if a Receiver, Administrative Receiver or Manager shall be appointed over the whole or any part of the Customer's business or assets or if any petition for the appointment of any administrator is presented against the Customer or if the Customer shall suffer any actions or proceedings under foreign law all sums outstanding in respect of the Goods shall become payable immediately.Quasar may in its absolute discretion and without prejudice to any other rights which it may have, suspend all future deliveries of Goods to the Trade Customer and/or terminate any contract without liability upon its part. in the event of any breach of these Terms and Conditions by the customer.5.0 DELIVERYAll delivery/shipping charges are non-refundable. All standard orders for UK mainland destinations are subject to a Standard Delivery charge. Express and international delivery options are available at extra cost.We endeavour to despatch within 2 working days from receipt of order if placed before 2.00pm (excluding Saturday, Sunday, Bank Holidays, Christmas Eve and New Years Eve).Standard Delivery, 1st Class Recorded Delivery and Airmail Delivery options will be normal post office delivery times for second and first class and airmail.The optional Next Working Day Delivery service is guaranteed to reach you by 5.30pm the next working day following the day of despatch. Deliveries to Scottish highlands and other outer lying areas are not guaranteed for next day delivery (click here for full details).Every attempt will be made to notify you of any delays due to stock shortage via e-mail and phone. You can expect delivery of any back-ordered items within 30 days of placing your order.Deliveries are made between 8am and 6pm, Monday to Friday and 8am and 1pm on Saturdays. Parcels may require a signature. If there is no one at home, a card will be left. During the pre-Christmas period some deliveries may be made on Sunday.No refunds will be provided for order deliveries that delayed as a result of adverse weather conditions, industrial action, acts of war or terrorism.If the goods are returned to us by the carrier as unclaimed, incorrectly addressed or you refuse delivery of the parcel, or if you fail to rearrange delivery with the carrier within their specified time then we will raise a credit for the returned goods less any returned parcel costs levied by the courier, a discretionary restocking fee of up to 40% of the invoiced value of the goods and delivery and bank charges on the original invoice. Please do not provide P.O. Box addresses for delivery, as goods will be returned and you will have to pay a further shipping charge.Risk in relation to any goods shall pass to the Customer upon delivery of goods to the Customer.Until property in the Goods passes to the Trade Customer, the Trade Customer shall hold the Goods and each of them on a fiduciary basis as bailee for Quasar. The Trade Customer shall store the Goods (at no cost to Quasar) separately from all other Goods in its possession and marked in such a way that they are clearly identified as Quasar property. Notwithstanding that the Goods (or any part of them) remain the property of Quasar the Trade Customer may sell or use the Goods in the ordinary course of the Trade Customer's business at full market value for the account of Quasar. Any such sale or dealing shall be a sale or use of Quasar property by the Trade Customer on the Trade Customer's own behalf and the Trade Customer shall deal as principal when making such sales or dealings. Until property of the Goods passes from Quasar the entire proceeds of sale or otherwise of the Goods shall be held in trust for Quasar and shall not be mixed with other money or paid into any overdrawn bank account and shall be at all material times identified as Quasar money. Quasar shall be entitled to recover the price of the Goods (including VAT and all other monies due to Quasar from the Trade Customer) notwithstanding that property in any of the Goods has not passed from Quasar.Until such time as the property in the Goods passes from Quasar, the Trade Customer shall upon request deliver up such of the Goods as have not ceased to be in existence or resold to Quasar. If the Trade Customer fails to return Goods, Quasar may apply to enter any premises owned occupied or controlled by the Trade Customer where the Goods are situated and repossess the Goods. On the making of such request to deliver up the rights of the Trade Customer contained in the preceding Condition shall cease.The Trade Customer shall not pledge or in any way charge by way of security for any indebtedness any of the Goods that are the property of Quasar. Without prejudice to the other rights of Quasar, if the Trade Customer does so all sums whatever owing by the Trade Customer shall forthwith become due and payable.The Trade Customer shall insure and keep insured the Goods to the full value against 'all risks' to the reasonable satisfaction of Quasar until the date that property in the Goods passes from Quasar and shall, whenever requested by Quasar, produce a copy of the policy of insurance and evidence of payment of premium. Without prejudice to the other rights of Quasar, if the Trade Customer fails to pay any sums whatever owing by the Trade Customer on the due date, all sums due to Quasar shall forthwith become due and payable.6.0 EXPORTCarriage will be charged on orders involving Export at the published rates for consignments under 0.5kg gross weight. We will contact you before accepting any Export order exceeding 0.5Kg gross weight with details of shipping options and rates. This does not apply to online orders as carriage is automatically calculated by our shopping cart.Customers are responsible for any customs charges or taxes imposed by the destination country. We are not responsible for any delays this may cause. The Customer is responsible at their own expense to obtain any import or export license or any other documentation deemed necessary by any compliant authority and for the avoidance of doubt any contract with Quasar, is to be governed solely by English Law and the parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. The customer also takes responsibility that the products they are ordering can be legally imported into their respective country. If a shipment is returned to Quasar for failure to pay customs or product rejection by customs, the customer will be credited for their order less all shipping and handling, plus a discretionary restocking fee of up to 40%. These charges include shipping to and from Quasar, where applicable. We reserve the right to have a package destroyed at customs if it is too expensive to return. Unpaid duties and taxes will be charged to the customers' credit card. Due to the higher costs of processing and sending Export orders we are unable to accept goods back that have been incorrectly ordered.7.0 QUOTATIONSQuotations are valid for a period of 30 days unless otherwise stated and represent no obligation until the seller accepts the buyers order and are subject to the goods being available at the time requested.8.0 PRODUCT SUITABILITYAlthough we will give as much advice as possible we cannot be held responsible for the suitability of a products use in a particular situation either known or unknown. 9.0 PRODUCT SPECIFICATIONSSpecifications are subject to change without notice as we are continually improving our product range. Quasar will not substitute products that are out of stock or discontinued with products of a similar nature without first obtaining approval from the Customer. 10.0 ORDER CANCELLATIONSCancellation of orders for goods purchased specifically for a customer will not be accepted once processed. Cancellation of all other orders will be subject to a discretionary charge of up to 40% of the value of the order. No order cancellations will be accepted once the goods have been despatched.11.0 PRODUCT GUARANTEEQuasar guarantees at its discretion to refund, replace, or repair, free of charge, within 6 months of invoice date. Any goods proven to be faulty by design or workmanship, provided that the goods have not been misused, modified, or attempted to be repaired by anyone other than the manufacturer and provided that the goods have been stored, operated and maintained within the manufacturers specified conditions. Firmware chips, PIC or ATMEL Programmers and surveillance bugs are guaranteed for a period of 3 months from invoice date. All warranties and conditions which are capable of being excluded by statute or otherwise are excluded from any contract provided that nothing in the contract shall affect the statutory rights of the Consumer or liability for death or personal injury caused by the negligence of Quasar.Any claim for defective Goods or parts must be made in writing (specifying the date of purchase and invoice number) within the period of twelve months immediately after delivery. Returns must be authorised by us and under no circumstances will returns be accepted unless so authorised. A Returns Number must be obtained first from our Customer Services Department, by email or telephone. The items must be returned to us (insured against loss or damage in transit) at the Customer's expense together with (if relevant), all complete accessories, instruction manuals and software and, wherever possible, in the original packaging and with copy of the original sales invoice.Warranty seals applied to any Goods supplied by Quasar must not be removed or broken and any product without the warranty seals intact will be deemed to have had any warranty invalidated and the Goods will be deemed to have been accepted by the Customer.12.0 CUSTOMER COMPLAINTS PROCEDUREIf you have any complaints about this site or the service provided please contact our Customer Services Department. We will treat any complaint in full confidence and endeavour to reply to you within 10 working days. All complaints will be dealt with, initially, by one of our Customer Services representatives.13.0 DAMAGED / FAULTY GOODSAny damaged or faulty Goods received by the buyer must be reported to the Customer Service Department of Quasar within 3 days of receiving them. We will not accept liability for consequential losses arising from faulty or incorrectly supplied goods in any circumstances. Our liability is limited to replacement only. A Returns Number must be obtained before returning any Goods to us by contacting our Customer Services Department, by email or telephone. The items must be returned to us (insured against loss or damage in transit) at the Customer's expense and the returns number clearly stated on the parcel. On receipt we will test the Goods and provided they have not been damaged through improper use, remedial action will be taken as agreed. If we find no fault with the item the Goods will be treated as having been retuned as 'Unwanted' and the conditions in section 15.0 below will apply. No refund will be issued if we find there is no fault with the item and it is not returned in original UNOPENED condition (with all product packaging, documentation and a copy of the original sales invoice) within 7 days of receipt of the goods. 14.0 TRANSIT DELAYS, NON-DELIVERY, DAMAGED AND FAULTY GOODSThe Customer must inspect the Goods as soon as reasonably practicable after delivery and shall within 7 days of such delivery give notice to the Customer Service Department of Quasar of any damage or defect in the Goods. Any Returns must be authorised by us and under no circumstances will returns be accepted unless a valid returns number is authorised. Queries regarding shortages of Goods must be made to the Customer Service Department of Quasar within 7 days of delivery date and must be accompanied by the original invoice. Queries regarding Goods invoiced but not delivered must be made to the Customer Service Department of Quasar within 14 days of invoice date and the invoice number must be quoted. If the Customer fails to give such notice, the Goods shall be conclusively presumed to be in all respects in accordance with the Contract and free from any damage or defect which would be apparent on reasonable examination, and the Customer shall be deemed to have accepted the Goods accordingly. SHOULD THE CUSTOMER DECIDE TO ACCEPT A DELIVERY TO THEM IN A DAMAGED CONDITION THEY MUST ENDORSE THE CARRIERS DELIVERY DOCUMENTATION. The maximum refund offered by Quasar where the Customer has paid extra for an express shipment option (Next Day, Saturday and Express Courier services) and the the parcel is delivered late due to courier failure the maximum refund provided will be the difference between the express shipping charge paid by the customer and the standard rate shipping charge that would have been paid by the Customer. Quasar shall not be liable to compensate the Customer by way of damages or otherwise for non-delivery or late delivery of the Goods or any of them or for any loss consequential or otherwise arising from non-delivery or late delivery. It is the Customers responsibility to ensure that delivery address information provided is both accurate and complete (in the case of UK Customers this will be deemed to be the address information held by the Royal Mail address database). Quasar will not be liable to make any refund for Goods lost, incorrectly delivered or delayed as a result of incorrect or incomplete delivery address information provided by the Customer. 15.0 GOODS RETURNS AS UNSUITABLE OR UNWANTEDWe are unable to accept Goods supplied in Kit-Form back for refund once construction has been commenced or the inner component bags opened (see Project Kit Limit of Liability below). Computer Software, Software Registrations, Electronic Surveillance Items, Printed Publications, Postage and Shipping charges are non-returnable and non-refundable.Due to the higher costs of processing and sending Export orders we are unable to accept goods back that have been incorrectly ordered.Consumer ReturnsOur returns policy covers Goods delivered to Customers based in the United Kingdom only and for Consumer customers are operated in accordance with the Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000. If you find a non-software item purchased from us is unsuitable for your needs you can return it for a refund provided an RMA Returns Number is obtained first from our Customer Services Department, by email, fax or letter within 14 working days of delivery. The items must be returned to us (insured against loss or damage in transit) at the Customer's expense and received by us in original unused condition (with all the original packaging, documentation and a copy of the original sales invoice) within 14 days of the RMA returns number issue date. The RMA returns number must be clearly stated on the parcel. No refund will be issued unless goods are received in accordance with the conditions detailed above. Please note that you cannot return kits where assembly has commenced (see section 16.0 below), computer software, special order items and custom-made products.If you wish to return an unsuitable product more than 14 working days after delivery please contact our Customer Services Department, by email, fax or letter for advise. Such returns are subject to a discretionary restocking charge of up to 40% of the Goods invoice value (with a minimum charge of £10). Postage and shipping charges are non-refundable. We reserve the right to offer a credit note in place of a cash refund. Goods returned must be in original unused, unopened condition suitable for resale.Trade Customer ReturnsIf you find a non-software or surveillance item purchased from us is unsuitable for your needs you can return it for a refund provided an RMA Returns Number is obtained first from our Customer Services Department, by email, fax or letter within 5 working days of delivery.The items must be returned to us (insured against loss or damage in transit) at the Customer's expense and received by us in original unused condition (with all the original packaging, documentation and a copy of the original sales invoice) within 14 days of the RMA returns number issue date. The RMA returns number must be clearly stated on the parcel. No refund will be issued unless goods are received in accordance with the paragraph above. Please note that you cannot return kits where assembly has commenced (see section 16.0 below), computer software, special order items and custom-made products.All trade customer returns are subject to a minimum 30% restocking fee provided an RMA Returns Number is requested within 5 working days of delivery. The restocking fee for requests made outside this period are detailed in the table below.RMA Returns Number Requests ReceivedRestocking Fee (Minimum £10)1 - 5 working days after delivery30% of the invoiced value of the goods returned6 - 10 working days after delivery40% of the invoiced value of the goods returned11 or more working days after deliverynon-returnable, non-refundableThe restocking fee will be levied on Goods not wanted, incorrectly ordered, or due to duplication resulting from a confirmation order not being endorsed to that effect. Postage and shipping charges are non-refundable in any circumstances. We reserve the right to offer a credit note in place of a cash refund. 16.0 KIT-FORM PRODUCT REFUNDIf you feel that you will have difficulty building any Kit-Form product purchased from us (and you cannot get assistance from a friend) you can return it for a refund provided a Returns Number is obtained first from our Customer Services Department by email or telephone. The items must be returned to us (insured against loss or damage in transit) at the Customer's expense and received by us in original condition (with all product packaging, documentation and a copy of the original sales invoice) within 14 days of original invoice date. The returns number must be clearly stated on the parcel..Kit-Form products may not be returned for any form of refund or credit once the inner component packages have been opened or construction has been commenced. If this is the case please refer to the Project Kit Limit of Liability below. 17.0 PROJECT KIT LIMIT OF LIABILITYOur range of Kit-Form projects are intended for educational and demonstration purposes only. They are not intended for use in commercial applications. If they are used in such applications the purchaser assumes all responsibility for ensuring compliance with all local laws. Where a product is supplied in Kit-Form and assembly or construction has commenced or the inner component packages have been opened we are unable to offer any form of refund, replacement, exchange or free repair. This is because we cannot guarantee the labour you provide and components can be damaged during assembly.Component packages should be checked against the components list supplied without opening the plastic bags. Any shortages or breakages must be advised to the Customer Service Department of Quasar within 7 days of delivery date and the complete unopened component bag must be returned for replacement.It is recommended that if a kit builder does not have enough knowledge to diagnose faults, that the project should not be started unless assistance can be obtained. (Unfortunately, one small faulty solder joint or wiring mistake can take many hours to locate and at normal service rates, the service charge could well be far more than the total cost of the kit).18.0 MAINS POWERED KITSDue to their nature and function, some kits require Mains Power (110 - 230Vac) to be connected directly to the PCB. Extreme care should be taken when assembling and testing these kits. Mains power must be treated very carefully. You must have had appropriate experience of working with main power before attempting assembly of these kits.To ensure electrical safety, and also protection from fire or personal injury, male sure your mains operated equipment complies with these safety hints:Use a suitable plastic enclosure. If a metal enclosure is used, make sure it is properly earthed.Use a power switch if the device consumes more than 10W. Use a double pole switch for mains operated, transformer-less kits.Mount a fuse in series with the mains switch. Use a slow blow (T) 50mA fuse for transformers up to 10W and a 100mA fuse for transformers up to 20W.Use a mains input connector, or a robust power cord with a clamp.Internal wiring carrying mains voltages must have a minimum cross-sectional area of 0.5mm².We accept no responsibility for injury, loss, or damage of any kind as a result of the purchase, assembly or use of any of our products. 19.0 PUBLICATIONSAll of the reports and publications sold by Quasar Electronics Limited are strictly for informational purposes ONLY! We do not encourage the purchaser to actually use the information that we sell and we do NOT advocate theft or violation of ANY law or laws. These publications are meant to be used as 'training manuals' to alert the purchaser to methods used by certain 'underground' individuals..Neither Quasar Electronics Limited nor its Directors or employees will be held accountable for the use or misuse of the information contained in these publications. 20.0 LIMITATION OF LIABILITYThe Customer will be responsible for ensuring the fitness for purpose of the Goods for the Customer's application unless the purpose is previously notified to Quasar in writing and accepted by Quasar in writing by a Director..Quasar accepts no liability whatsoever or howsoever arising in respect of loss, damage or expense arising from errors in information or advice provided whether or not due to Quasar's negligence or that of its employees, agents or sub-contractors save for any loss or damage arising from personal injury.Quasar shall not be liable to the Customer by reason of any representation (unless fraudulent), or any implied warranty, condition or other term, or any duty at common law, or under the express terms of Contract with the Customer, for any indirect, special or consequential loss or damage (whether for loss of profit or otherwise), costs, expenses or other claims for compensation whatsoever (whether caused by the negligence of Quasar, its employees or agents or otherwise) which arise out of or in connection with the supply of the Goods or their use or resale by the Customer.The entire liability of Quasar under or in connection with the Contract with the Customer shall not exceed the price of the Goods except as expressly provided in these terms and conditions.21.0 DATA PROTECTION AND PRIVACY POLICYWe will not rent or sell your name, address, e-mail address, credit/debit/Amex card information or personal information to any third party . We may occasionally update you on news and special opportunities via e-mail but only if you have signed up to join our Marketing Email List. We would like to assure you that your confidentiality will be maintained in all dealings with our company. For full details please see our Privacy Policy.22.0 RADIO TRANSMITTER RANGESThe ranges quoted for our transmitters are approximate and were achieved on flat terrain in direct line of sight of the transmitter. Unlike many companies we have not exaggerated the quoted range or increased it by climbing a mountain to achieve unrealistic transmission distances, many factors can affect the transmission range such as structures, climatic and geographical conditions and the type of receiver used. 23.0 RADIO TRANSMITTERS AND SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENTAlthough it is not an offence to manufacture or possess a transmitter in the UK it is illegal to transmit a radio signal without a licence. Our FM transmitters, room and telephone telephone transmitters are not approved for use in the UK or any other region of the world.The sale of products that are designed primarily to record the private oral, wire, or electronic conversations of others without their knowledge or permission is not in itself illegal. However, these items (for example, small, easily hidden transmitting devices such as telephone 'bugs', 'wiretap' devices, 'miniature transmitters', and 'surveillance microphones') are illegal if they are actually used to record the private oral, wire, or electronic conversations of others without their knowledge or permission. Such products are sold for novelty purposes only and Quasar does not recommend or encourage the Customer or any other end user to use them for anything other than there intended use (as paperweights). Quasar in no way recommends or implies that such products be used by any person in the way described in the product descriptions. By placing an order, the Customer agrees to have read and understood the pre-sale information provided and these conditions of sale in their entirety and that the Customer accepts sole accountable for any consequences arising from the products use or misuse.23.0 TELEPHONE RECORDING EQUIPMENT AND THE LAWWARNING! It is illegal to record the private oral, wire, or electronic conversations of others without their knowledge or permission. By placing an order for such equipment, the Customer agrees to have read and understood the pre-sale information provided and these conditions of sale in their entirety and that the Customer accepts sole accountable for any consequences arising from the products use or misuse24.0 SOFTWAREQuasar Electronics Limited disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including without limitation the implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose of any software made available. Quasar Electronics Limited will not be liable for any damages, whether direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential resulting from your use of software including without limitation loss of data, loss of use, loss of profits or loss of business. By using this software you assume all risk. This software is supplied 'as is'.25.0 IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONMains powered kits and modules should only be fitted by a suitably qualified or competent person in accordance with any manufacturers instructions.Ensure appliances are disconnected from the mains before performing any work on them and that any necessary earth continuity or insulation resistance tests are performed before reconnecting. All mains wiring must comply with the current Wiring Regulations (or as applicable to the country in which the products will be used).26.0 CHILDRENWe do not sell products for purchase by children.
We sell children's products for purchase by adults.
If you are under 18 you may only use QuasarElectronics.co.uk with the involvement of a parent or guardian.Privacy PolicyYour privacy matters to us and we operate a strict privacy policy - View our Privacy Info / Terms Of Use.
Cookie Info
The cookie settings on this website are set to 'allow all cookies' to give you the very best experience.
If you continue without changing these settings, you consent to this. If you want, you can change your settings
at any time by visiting our cookies page.
More About Cookies
Main Menu
Home Page
Store Policies
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Privacy Info / Terms Of Use
Privacy Information
Terms Of Use
Ordering Information
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Store Policies
Ordering Help
Credit Acount Facilities
Company Information
Conflict Minerals Statement
RoHS / REACH Information
WEEE Directive
Ordering Information
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Store Policies
Ordering Help
Credit Acount Facilities
Ordering Information
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Store Policies
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Privacy Info / Terms Of Use
Ordering Information
Ordering Help
Company Information
Credit Acount Facilities
Credit Acount Facilities
Company Information
Ordering Help
Technical Support
Electronic Kits Information
Electronic Modules General Information
Electronic Component Identification
Electronic Kit Basic Fault Finding Guide
Camera Software Downloads
MicroBurn/Pro PIC Programmer Software
Electronic Kits and Modules Software Downloads
ATMEL Recommended Reading List
Component Datasheets for Quasar Electronic Kits Range
Electronic Kit Documentation Downloads
PIC Projects Recommended Reading List
Website Information
Privacy Info / Terms Of Use
Privacy Information
Terms Of Use
Cookie Information
Banner Adverts
Your Cart
Your Cart: Empty
Search
Advanced Store Search
Store
Store Home
Shopping Basket
Wish List
Checkout
Advanced Search
Categories
Electronic Kits & Modules
Audio Amplifier Kits
Audio, Music, TV & Video Kits
Automotive Project Kits
Computer Project Kits
Controller & Automation Kits
Delay Timer Circuit Boards
Digital Display & Meter Kits
Educational & Fun Projects
Electronic Message Displays
Electronic Security Kits
Event Counter Up/Down Kits
Light Effects & Controller Kits
Microcontroller Tools & Projects
Miscellaneous Project Kits
Motor Controller & Driver Kits
Power Supply Kits & Boards
Relay Board Kits
Remote Control Kits
Sensing Device Kits
Sound & Message Recorders
Surveillance Equipment
Telephone Equipment Kits
Test Equipment Kits
Timer Switch & Clock Kits
All Product Categories
Audio, Video & Cameras
Cables, Leads & Connectors
Components & Hardware
Electrical & Power
Electronic Kits & Modules
Test & Measurement
Tools & Equipment
Brands
Brands
CEBEK Electronic Modules
QUASAR Kits & Modules
SMART Kits & Modules
VELLEMAN Kits & Modules
Special Offers
Support
About Us
Account Login
Contact Us
View Cart
Account
Account Login
Create New Account
Delivery Address Book
Marketing Email List
Online Order Lookup
Contact Us
Company Info
Quasar Electronics Limited
PO Box 6935BISHOPS STORTFORD, Hertfordshire CM23 4WPUK - England & Wales
Telephone: 01279 467799 (Int'l: +44 1279 467799)
Registered in England & Wales.
Company Number: 04056125
VAT Registration Number: GB665675980
EEE Registration Number: WEE/GB2611VR
Quasar Electronics Limited
PO Box 6935
CM23 4WP
BISHOPS STORTFORD, Hertfordshire
441279467799
Follow Us
© 2020 Quasar Electronics Limited, all rights reserved worldwide. E & OE.
Exec Time:
0.026389 Seconds
Memory Usage: 3.633652 Megabytes