https://qudos-software.com/index.php/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy and Security
General
This site is owned by Qudos Management Pty. Ltd. - abbreviated below to Qudos.
Qudos assures consumers of the validity, credibility and security of this web site through GoDaddy SSL certification and encryption.
How We Handle Customer Information
We do not collect personal information when you visit our site unless you log on, place an order or register with us. We do not share, sell, rent or barter any identifiable personal information to any third party without your permission.
To place an order you will need a user account and will be asked for information including: your name, organisation, email address, mailing address, delivery address and any special delivery instructions, phone number. We may share this information, and only that information which is absolutely necessary, with third parties that are involved in the processing of your order. For example, the financial institution that issued your credit card and the shipping carrier that delivers your order.
For your added security, Qudos does NOT retain any cardholder data. All online transactions are processed via an encrypted connection to our partnering bank. Should you place a telephone order, our customer service representative will submit your data via a secure portal to our partnering bank.
When you log on to make a purchase, we will ask for your email address and user ID, which is usually your name.
Qudos is committed to reducing fraud . You may receive a telephone call or email requesting more information/proof to confirm the details that you have supplied to us. If any of the information you supply is found to be false or misleading, we will, if we deem it appropriate, report this to the appropriate authorities for them to prosecute.
If you belong to the Qudos Club, we may send information about specials we are offering to Club members. We may ask for information which identifies you as a club member. There will be an option to unsubscribe to such information, if you do not wish to receive it.
When you submit feedback or questions via email, or contact us for information about our website, we will request your name, organisation, and email address. We use this information solely to respond to your inquiries.
By default all web server log files capture IP addresses. We may use your IP to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our website and to track web usage. This information is used internally and is not shared with anyone else.
This site contains links to other sites. Qudos is not responsible for the privacy, information security, or the content of other websites.
If you have any comments, concerns or suggestions regarding this privacy policy statement, please contact: support@qudos-software.com