http://radiac.com/privacy-policy
Radiac Abrasives | Privacy Policy - Radiac Abrasives
Quality
• Innovation • Progress
Toggle Navigation
Radiac Abrasives
Get Support
Contact a Sales Rep
Request Quote
Search for:
Home
Products
Products by Industry
Products by Application
Company
Support
Knowledge Base
Recommendations
Document Library
Troubleshooting Tips
Request for Quote
Links / Resources
Blog
Careers
Contact
Home › Privacy Policy
Close Menu
Privacy Policy
Radiac Abrasives promises not to sell, rent or give your name to any third parties. It’s that simple. Our lawyers asked us to also point out the following:
This Privacy Policy Statement sets forth the privacy policy pertaining to this Site, http://www.radiac.com, and all sites of the affiliates of Radiac Abrasives Furniture (“Radiac Abrasives”) which are linked to this Site (collectively, the “Sites”).
By using any Site, you are agreeing to the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy Statement.  For other terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Sites, please review our Legal Statement.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy Statement, “Personal Information” means any information by which you can be personally identified, and includes your name, your address, your telephone number, your e-mail address and the like.
Most Sites do not require that you submit Personal Information to Radiac Abrasives.  However, some Sites may request Personal Information in order to help Radiac Abrasives serve you more effectively.  Radiac Abrasives collects Personal Information only when you voluntarily submit such Personal Information to us, such as when placing a product order through a Site, when entering a contest, and so on.
For each visitor to the Sites, our web servers automatically recognize only information regarding the visitor’s domain name (or that of the visitor’s access provider) and e-mail address.  Regardless of the purpose for which it is submitted, it is Radiac Abrasives’s policy to maintain all Personal Information as confidential, and to use such Personal Information only for the following purposes
for the specific purpose for which it was volunteered (for example, to complete a product purchase, to enter a contest, to answer an email, etc.);
to improve the content, appearance and utility of the Sites;
to track our visitors’ use of the Sites for internal market research; and
to notify our visitors of updates to the Sites.
It is Radiac Abrasives’s policy to keep Personal Information only for so long as needed for such purposes. Radiac Abrasives does not sell or rent to third parties Personal Information about its customers or visitors to the Sites.  At any time, you may obtain a summary of the Personal Information on record with Radiac Abrasives which has been collected about you via this Site.  Except for the Personal Information we need to complete your purchase of products, you may request at any time that Radiac Abrasives dispose of any or all Personal Information about you.  In addition, at any time you may request (i) that Radiac Abrasives correct any such Personal Information; or (ii) that such Personal Information be removed from Radiac Abrasives’s marketing databases. To make any request described above, write to:
Radiac Abrasives, Inc.
1015 South College Ave.
P.O. Box 1410
Salem, IL 62881-7410
Please be sure to provide your exact e-mail address, name, address and/or telephone number(s) so that we can handle your request correctly.  Radiac Abrasives reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy Statement at any time.  You should check this page periodically for changes.  Your continued use of this Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy Statement will mean that you accept those changes.
Our Mission Radiac Abrasives combines both sales and engineering expertise to determine the most cost effective and expedient solution for your grinding needs.
ISO Certification The Salem and Oswego IL facilities are ISO 9001:2015 certified. Oswego has also achieved its ISO 14001:2015 certification for its Environmental Management System.
We remain focused to improve the effectiveness of our overall QMS and to continue to strive for improvements in the quality of the products and to lower scrap costs.
View Oswego ISO 9001 Certificate
View Salem ISO 9001 Certificate
View Oswego ISO 14001 Certificate
© 2020 Radiac Abrasives
Home
Products
Company
Support
Contact
Distributor Login
Language
| Locations
|
Sales Terms and Conditions
|
Privacy Policy | Legal Statement | Join us on
Radiac Abrasives Update on COVID-19