https://rafaellawear.com/privacy-policy.html
Menu
WOMEN CLOTHING BODYSUITS COATS DRESSES FORMAL JACKETS JACKETS JEANS PANTACOLLANTS POLO SHIRTS SHORTS SKIRTS SWEATERS SWEATSHIRTS T-SHIRTS TOPS TRACKSUITS TRACKSUIT PANTS TRENCH COATS TROUSERS VESTS SHOES ANKLE BOOTS BALLET FLATS BOOTS FLAT SHOES FLIP FLOPS LACE UP MOCCASINS PUMPS & HEELS SANDALS SLIP-ON SNEAKERS WEDGES BRAS BALCONETTE CLASSIC FULL COVERAGE NURSING BRAS PUSH-UP SPORTS BRA STRAPLESS BRAS TEENAGE UNDERWIRE WIRELESS UNDERWEAR BIKINI BODY BOXERS BOYSHORTS COTTON HIPHUGGERS LOW-RISE SEAMLESS SLIPS STRINGS HOSIERY ANKLE SOCKS BODY SHAPING COLLANT ESSENTIALS FISHNET KNEE-HIGH LEGGINGS MATERNITY SOCKS STAY-UP ACCESSORIES BRA STRAPS NIPPLE COVERS PUSH-UP PADS SELF ADHESIVE BRAS TRICKS V-BRAS SCARVES SUNGLASSES WALLETS WATCHES SWIMWEAR BIKINI BIKINI PUSH-UP BOTTOMS ONE-PIECE STRAPLESS TOPS TRIANGLE BEACHWEAR BEACH DRESSES KAFTANS SANDALS BAGS CLUTCH BAGS CROSSBODY BAGS HANDBAGS RUCKSACKS SHOPPING BAGS SHOULDER BAGS SEXY LINGERIE LINGERIE STOCKINGS LOUNGEWEAR SHAPEWEAR MEN CLOTHING COATS FORMAL JACKETS JACKETS JEANS POLO SHIRTS SHORTS SUITS SWEATERS SWEATSHIRTS T-SHIRTS TRACKSUIT PANTS TROUSERS VESTS ACCESSORIES BELTS GIFT BOX GLOVES SUNGLASSES WALLETS WATCHES SHOES ANKLE BOOTS FLAT SHOES FLIP FLOPS LACE UP MOCCASINS SLIP-ON SNEAKERS BAGS BRIEFCASES CROSSBODY BAGS RUCKSACKS TRAVEL BAGS SWIMWEAR BOXERS SHORTS SLIPS UNDERWEAR BOXERS SLIPS KIDS BOYS BEACHWEAR GIRLS BEACHWEAR SWIMWEAR TWO-PIECES
Home
Privacy Policy
We are committed to safeguarding your privacy and handling your data in an open and transparent manner. Looking after the personal data you share with us is hugely important to us.
We would like to reassure you that your privacy is first priority for us, and that your data is safe and secure.
We therefore want to be clear and to place special emphasis on how your data is obtained, used and shared, in order to offer you a better and more personalized shopping experience.
This personal data protection privacy policy (the “Policy”) has been created to help you understand the practices and conditions in which Evogue Imports & Distribution LTD, which owns and operates the web site https://rafaellawear.com  (a limited liability company registered in Cyprus Reg. no. H.E. 8295, having its offices at 219 Yiannou Kranidioti, 2234 Latsia, Nicosia, Cyprus,  gathers, uses and stores your personal data (the “Data”).
That’s why we‘ve developed this privacy policy (the “Policy”), which:
Sets out the types of personal data that we collect.
Explains how and why we collect and use your personal data.
explains when and why we share personal data with 3rd parties; and is clear about the rights and choices you have when it comes to your personal data.
We offer a wide range of products and services. This Policy applies to you if you use our services:
Shopping with us online using our website, over the phone, Facebook  or through mobile applications;
This Policy also applies if you contact us or we contact you about our products and Services.
In this section, you will find the various Data that we may collect or that you may provide to us when you access and/or use:
-  The website   https://rafaellawear.com (the “Website”) on which Rafaella brand products and other brands (the “suppliers”) are sold. This action requires a user account.
-  Our Facebook and Instagram pages on which Rafaella brand products and other brands (the “suppliers”) are advertised.
The “Website” refers to the website https://rafaellawear.com whereas the “Websites” refers to all the other URLs involved.
Given that laws and regulations on technology and personal data protection are constantly evolving, this Policy will most likely be updated.
If you are a user of the Website, you will be notified of any changes by email.
If any of the clauses in this Policy should be declared null and void or contrary to regulations, that clause will be deemed nugatory, however this will not result in any other clauses in this Policy becoming null and void.
This Policy applies to Data collected:
On the Websites,
From your communication with Evogue Imports & Distribution LTD via email or other type of electronic messaging service,
When you create a user account on the Website,
When you subscribe to the Website newsletter (the “Newsletter”).
It does not apply to information collected by any third party or through websites managed by the latter, including via applications and content (including advertisements) redirecting users to the Websites.
Please read the Policy carefully to clearly understand our practices regarding the processing of your Data. Please be aware that you must agree to this Policy in order to view and/or use our Websites.
If you do not agree, please do not use our Websites.
You are responsible for ensuring any Data provided to Evogue Imports & Distribution LTD is complete, correct and up to date.
1. WHAT TYPE OF PERSONAL DATA EVOGUE IMPORTS & DISTRIBUTION LTD COLLECTS?
Depending on the nature and purpose of your interaction with Evogue Imports & Distribution LTD (creating a user account and/or communicating with us by phone, email, social media, subscribing to the Newsletter and/or completing contact forms), we may collect the following Data:
Your email, first name and last name must be provided if you wish to create a user account, communicate with us by email and/or receive our Newsletter ;
Data relating to browsing: Data relating to how you use the Websites, including: IP address, browser used, browsing duration, search history, operating system used, language and pages viewed ;
Data about your visits to our Website, including  traffic  data,  log files and other data or communication resources used by you when accessing our Website;
Order Data: Your mailing address and telephone number is required to send out your order and to draw up invoices. Your bank or PayPal details have to be provided to pay for your order;
Data about social network use when you use those features.
When you register to our web site we ask for your personal data such as first name, last name, and email address. Anytime you contact us about our services by either phone, email or post or when you speak with us through social media, we may also collect personal data you provide about yourself.
Sometimes we may collect details of the emails and other digital communication we send to you that you open, including any links in them that you click on.
If you sign up to our Website or mobile application, we will request your account login details, such as username and the password that you have chosen.
If you place an order with us, we will also ask for a delivery address, contact details such as your telephone number, and your payment details.  We may ask you for this information through our websites or mobile applications, or via one of our telephone operators, or we may collect this information through your email or other communication with us.
Furthermore, we collect information about your online and in-store purchases (for example, what you have bought, when and where you bought it and how you paid for it) or we may obtain information about your usage of our websites or mobile applications to help us develop and improve them further through online surveys and other requests. Certain information is collected automatically, as described in our Privacy Policy, through Cookies.
We may also ask you for other optional information such as what sort of device you use such as a mobile telephone or tablet, how you heard about our website and what sort of subjects interest you. If you choose to give us this information, we will use it to help us to provide you with the best possible service that is personalized to your needs and preferences. Although we do not make it compulsory to give us every item of information we ask for, the more information you volunteer (and the more accurate it is), the better we can tailor our services for you.
We may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of internet browsers you use or the site from which you were linked to our Website. This information cannot identify you and it is only used to assist us in providing an effective service on our Websites.
2. HOW IS MY DATA COLLECTED?
The Data collected and how it is collected depend on your use of the Website.
Evogue Imports & Distribution LTD directly collects Data that you enter into contact and user creation account forms and subscribing to our Newsletter available on the Website, and/or when communicating with us by phone, email or social media.
Evogue Imports & Distribution LTD also indirectly collects your Data through cookies and tracers, with your consent when required, for:
Improving your user experience, namely by:
Enabling our Website to recognize your equipment, saving you from having to provide the same information several times to perform the same task,
Recognizing the user name and password you have provided so you do not have to enter them again for each page requiring it.
Analyzing Website traffic and data to measure the number of users and subsequently make the Website easier to use and ensure it is able to quickly respond to your requests.
Please read our Cookies Policy which has been created to help you understand better this technology and how we use it on our Websites and for our services, applications and tools.
The refusal to provide some personal data could lead to the unavailability of certain services.
Cookies PolicyWe may on occasion gather information regarding your computer whilst you are on our website. To better understand what you do while on our site, we use a browser feature known as a cookie. A cookie is a small data file that's stored by your Web browser on your computer. It's used to do things like see how you navigate our Web site, what you click on, and remember you and your online purchases when you return. This enables us to improve our services and website, provide better customer service, personalize your online experience, personalize offers to you based on your unique tastes and purchase history, and to provide statistical information regarding the use of our website to our advertisers where appropriate. Such information will not identify you personally; it is statistical data about our visitors and their use of our site. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever. Similarly to the above, we may gather information about your general internet use by using a cookie file. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer automatically. This cookie file is stored on the hard drive of your computer as cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our website and the service that we provide to you. All computers have the ability to decline cookies. This can be done by activating the setting on your browser which enables you to decline the cookies. Please note that should you choose to decline cookies, you may be unable to access particular parts of our website. We may on occasion gather information regarding your computer whilst you are on our website. To better understand what you do while on our site, we use a browser feature known as a cookie. A cookie is a small data file that's stored by your Web browser on your computer. It's used to do things like see how you navigate our Web site, what you click on, and remember you and your online purchases when you return. This enables us to improve our services and website, provide better customer service, personalize your online experience, personalize offers to you based on your unique tastes and purchase history, and to provide statistical information regarding the use of our website to our advertisers where appropriate. Such information will not identify you personally; it is statistical data about our visitors and their use of our site. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever. Similarly to the above, we may gather information about your general internet use by using a cookie file. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer automatically. This cookie file is stored on the hard drive of your computer as cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our website and the service that we provide to you. All computers have the ability to decline cookies. This can be done by activating the setting on your browser which enables you to decline the cookies. Please note that should you choose to decline cookies, you may be unable to access particular parts of our website.
3. WHY IS MY DATA COLLECTED?
We use personal data to make our products and services available to you. Your personal data is collected by Evogue Imports & Distribution LTD for the following purposes:
Sending you our Newsletters and personalized offers when you have subscribed to it ;
Processing the orders and fulfil the contract ;
Ensure the security and traceability of purchases ;
Email you information regarding your user account (invoices, orders history) ;
Manage your requests communicated via email, phone and/or social media ;
Notify the changes on our Website or in our offering of products and services ;
Respect our rights and obligations stipulated in the agreements concluded with the users and for any other lawful purposes.
Personal data assist us in processing your orders. We need to process your personal data so that we can manage your customer account, provide you with the goods and services you want to buy and help you with your order queries and traceability.
We use personal data to assist us in managing and improving our day-to-day operations.  It is vital for us to manage effectively and improve our Websites and Mobile applications.  We process your personal data in this way through the use of cookies and other similar technologies on our Websites and Mobile Applications to be able to provide you with the best possible shopping experience.
Processing of personal data also help us to develop and improve our product range, services, stores, information technology systems, know-how and the way we communicate with you.  This allows us to serve you better as a customer.
It is important for us to monitor how our services are used in order to detect and prevent fraud, other crimes and the misuse of services. This reassures us that you can safely use our Services.
We use personal data to assist us in personalizing your shopping experience with us. We are doing this by using your online browsing experience as well as your in-store and online purchases and this helps us in better understanding you as a customer and provide you with personalized offers and services.
We may contact you about our products and services, either by phone, email or post or by responding to social media posts that you have directed at us.  We are doing this because we want to serve you better as a customer so we use personal data to provide clarification or assistance in response to your communications.
We may also contact you in order to manage promotions and competitions you take part in or to invite you to take part in and manage customer surveys, questionnaires and other market research activities carried out by Evogue Imports & Distribution LTD or by other organizations on our behalf.  We are doing this in order to improve our Services.
However, if we contact you about this, you do not have to take part in the activities. If you tell us that you do not want us to contact you for marker research, we will respect this choice. This will not affect your ability to use our Services or Benefits.
We may process your personal data, provided that you have given us your specific consent for processing (other than for the reasons set out hereinabove) then the lawfulness of such processing is based on that consent. You have the right to revoke consent at any time. However, any processing of personal data prior to the receipt of your revocation will not be affected.
4. WHO PROCESSES MY DATA?
Your personal data is processed by Evogue Imports & Distribution LTD employees tasked with:
Managing the Websites.
Managing technical support to answer our users’ questions.
Managing the invoicing and payments.
Managing the orders fulfillments.
Your personal data may also, within the scope of our business and for external processing needs, be provided to service providers and other third parties whose services are used and more particularly:
PayPal*
Krystal Hosting Ltd
Powersoft Computer solutions
Post office and/or Courier Companies designated for shipping the order/s.
* Evogue Imports & Distribution LTD does not have any access to your credentials and credit card information. When you place an order on our website or mobile application, you will be automatically directed to a secure server site that is managed and controlled by PayPal. You can view their security policy here. Our website will only pass information to PayPal via secure server software ("SSL") to encrypt and therefore protect your information. All the transactions are secured by an SSL encryption. This guarantees the security of your credentials and credit card information, and ensures the identity of the organism and the confidentiality of the data provided. All personal data that you supply to PayPal shall be governed by PayPal’s data protection and privacy policy.
Your Data may also be sent to any buyer or successor in the event of the merger, transfer, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Evogue Imports & Distribution LTD ’s assets due to uncertainties, bankruptcy, liquidation or other processes in which  the  personal  data  of  Evogue Imports & Distribution LTD  Website users are listed among the transferred assets.
We may also disclose your personal Data:
To comply with legal mandates, laws and legal procedures, including governmental and regulatory requests.
If we deem that disclosure is required or appropriate within the scope of protecting the rights, ownership or security of Evogue Imports & Distribution LTD, our users and other stakeholders.
This disclosure includes exchanging information with other companies and other organizations for the purpose of protecting against fraud and counterfeiting.
Links to third party websites
The Websites may contain links to various websites and social network platforms managed on third party servers by people and organizations over which Evogue Imports & Distribution LTD has no control.
As such, we cannot under any circumstances be held liable for the way in which your Data is stored or used on those third party servers.
We recommend that you read the applicable policy regarding personal data protection for each third party website you access via our Websites in order to understand how your Data will be used.
Managing communications between you and us:
Communications between you and Evogue Imports & Distribution LTD are conducted by email, phone, or social media messaging.
Providing technical support:
The Technical support provided to Evogue Imports & Distribution LTD is handled by Com2go LTD.
This company is a member of the “Privacy Shield” framework ensuring that it offers sufficient guarantees regarding your Data protection.
5. HOW LONG IS MY DATA STORED FOR?
Evogue Imports & Distribution LTD only stores your Data for the period necessary for the purposes explained in Article 3.
This storage period varies according to the Data in question, as it may be affected by the nature and purpose of the collection. Similarly, certain legal obligations stipulate a specific storage period.
If you subscribe to the Newsletter, your email will be stored until you unsubscribe.
When you contact us through the contact forms, when you communicate with us by phone or by email or by social media, your Data will be stored up to five (5) years from the date of the last contact.
Regarding your user account, your invoicing information will be stored for ten (10) years starting from the day of purchase.
The remaining Data will be stored for five (5) years starting from the day of your account deactivation.
When you ask for, your user account will be deactivated and erased at the end of the aforementioned durations starting from your deactivation request.
Lastly, Data collected using cookies/tracers will be stored for up to six (6) months for cookies measuring our Website’s audience and up to thirteen (13) months for others.
Beyond the aforementioned durations, your Data will be anonymized in order to be stored for statistic proposes.
6. HOW IS MY DATA PROTECTED?
Your  Data  is  stored  on  secure  servers protected by firewalls and antivirus software.
We have implemented technical and organizational measures intended to protect the security and confidentiality of your Data against any accidental loss and any unauthorized access, use, modification or disclosure.
Given the inherent characteristics of the Internet, we cannot guarantee the optimal security of information exchanged over this network.
We strive to protect your Data but cannot guarantee the absolute security of information sent to our Website.  You agree that you provide your personal Data at your own risk.
We cannot be held liable for any failure to comply with privacy settings and security measures implemented on our Websites.
As such, you agree that the security of your information is equally your responsibility. For example, it is your duty to keep secret your password enabling you to log in to your user account.
Do not disclose it to third party.  Be careful when you disclose information on public sections of the Website. They can be viewed by any user of the Website.
7. WHAT ARE MY RIGHTS?
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2018/679 which is applicable from 25 May 2018 you have various rights with regards to the personal data we hold about you.
You can choose how the personal Data you provide is used:
You can browse the Website without providing Data.
This means you will be unable to use certain Website features and, in particular, make a purchase.
You can refuse to provide your credit card or PayPal details and/or your postal address.
In this case, you will not be able to make or complete a purchase.
You can decide to opt-out from our Newsletter and personalized offers.
You can decide not to provide your email in the Help center. In this case, be aware that we will not be able to write to you and cannot therefore contact you with a reply.
In any events, you can access to your user account, at all time, in order to consult or correct your personal Data or unsubscribe from our Newsletter.
In accordance with the provisions of the applicable regulations regarding personal Data protection, namely the European General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR), you have the right to access and correct your personal Data.
You also have the right to stipulate directives relating to the fate of your Data in the event of your death.
Furthermore, subject to the conditions of the aforementioned regulation for exercising your rights, you have:
The right to receive access to your personal data. This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.  In order to receive such a copy you can contact us at sales@rafaellawear.com or alternatively see the Contact Us  page on this website.
The right of data portability. You have the right to have your personal data transmitted directly by ourselves to other organizations you will name.
The right to request correction (rectification) of the personal data we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected.
The right to erasure of your Data.This enables you to ask us to erase your personal data (this is known as the ‘right to be forgotten’) where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it.
The right to limit processing of your Data.This enables you to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal data, i.e. use it only for certain things, if:
it is not accurate,
it has been used unlawfully but you do not wish for us to delete it,
it is not relevant any more, but you want us to keep it for use in possible legal claims,
You have already asked us to stop using your personal data but you are waiting us to confirm if we have legitimate grounds to use your data.
The right to object to the processing of your personal Data. This enables you to object the processing of your personal data on legitimate grounds, in accordance with article 21 of the GDPR. Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. If you lodge an objection, we will no longer process your personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing, which override your interests, rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data, for marketing purposes. If you object to processing for marketing purposes, then we shall stop the processing of your personal data for such purposes.
The right to withdraw consent, regarding the processing of your personal data at any time. When processing of your personal data has occurred based on your consent, you may withdraw that consent at any time. However, you acknowledge that the lawfulness of any processing that occurred before your consent was withdrawn remains entirely valid. You have the right to withdraw your consent given to us, opt-out, unsubscribe or change preferences via a link in the footer of all non-transactional email messages. These options are made available when you sign-up for our email lists and in email messages delivered from us.
If, at any time, you believe that you have received an unsolicited commercial email Evogue Imports & Distribution LTD on behalf of somebody else, you may report it to us at sales@rafaellawear.com  or alternatively see the Contact Us page on this Site.
It is very important to us that we provide you with the highest level of service. In order to help us do this, from time to time we may contact you using one of the contact methods you have provided, with details of our newsletters, surveys, products and services which we think may be of interest to you. If at any time you do not wish to receive these emails, then click on the ‘Unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of an email. Please note that active customers will continue to receive order and account communications from us.
We aim to keep our information about you as accurate as possible. If you would like to review or change the details you have supplied us with, or you would like to remove your published Submission from the Site you may do so at any time by using the Contact Us page on this Site.
Right to lodge a complaint
If you have exercised any or all of your data protection rights and still feel that your concerns about how we use your personal data have not been adequately addressed by us, you have the right to complain by contacting us at sales@rafaellawear.com or alternatively see the Contact Us  page on this website.
You also have the right to object, without providing a reason, to Evogue Imports & Distribution LTD profiling you based on your Data, when content or communications are sent for commercial solicitation.
However, in accordance with Article 12.6 of the GDPR, when you exercise these rights, Evogue Imports & Distribution LTD, as the controller, reserves the right to require proof of your identity. Please be aware that the data required proving your identity will be deleted once we have responded to your request.
You can exercise your rights by sending an email in English or Greek to sales@rafellawear.com
or writing to:
Evogue Imports & Distribution LTD 219 Yiannou Kranidioti 2234 Latsia - NicosiaCyprus Tel: +357 22355083 Fax: +357 22354275 Email: sales@rafaellawear.com
We are required to reply within one (1) month to all requests regarding the exercising of these rights. This timeframe may be extended to two (2) months for complex requests and large request volumes.
8. DOES EVOGUE IMPORTS & DISTRIBUTION LTD TRANSFER MY DATA OUTSIDE THE EUROPEAN UNION?
Data collected within the scope of Website use are hosted by Krystal Hosting Ltd, whose offices are located at:
Kemp House 152 - 160 City Road London EC1V 2NX
United Kingdom
whose servers are located in the European Union, and the United States.
As such, your Data may be transferred outside of the European Union, to the United States for hosting purposes.  By using the Website, you agree to your Data being transferred to those servers.
9. WHAT IS THE POLICY FOR VISITORS FROM OUTSIDE THE EUROPEAN UNION?This is a European Union website. This privacy policy governs the information collected at this site irrespective of where you're located when you access it, browse it, interact with it, and make purchases through it (including those that are shipped to addresses outside of European Union). This means your personal information may be stored outside of the province, state, and/or country in which you reside, and processed by us, an affiliate or a third-party service provider as described in this privacy policy. Moreover, governmental bodies that have jurisdiction (e.g., courts and law enforcement agencies) may be entitled to access your personal information.