https://rainbowprinting.ca/terms-conditions/
XGet a QuoteFill us in on the details of your print needs and we'll provide you with a prompt and informed quote.In order to serve you better please fill out the form below to contact us
Business CardsBusiness ChecksRx Prescription PadsCustom OrderRe-Order NowOtherCanadaUSAUpload File: Yes I'd like to sign up for the newsletter.XGet Started - Choose Product BelowBusiness CardsLeave a lasting impression with prospective clients. Design and order business cards without leaving our site.Start NowRx Prescription PadsEnsure your prescriptions are "pad locked" with our specialized Rx prescription pads.Start NowBusiness ChecksWe are a certified licensed printer that exceeds standards with advanced security printing features.Start NowCustom OrderDo you have a custom job that you want purchased? Contact us to help you bring your project to life.Get A QuoteRe-Order NowHave you placed an order before? We can quickly re-print your order, that was kept on file, saving you time and money.Start NowXPrintable Order Forms - Fill in these forms to get started.Rx Prescription PadsDownload NowLaser ChequesDownload NowManual ChequesDownload NowBusiness CardsDownload NowLEGALWebsite Terms Of Use And Privacy PolicyPlease review our terms of use and privacy policy if you have any questions regarding how we use any information we collect from you, how that information is collected and what your / our responsibilities are through accessing the site.TERMS OF USEThe information, software, products, and services published on this website may include inaccuracies or errors, including pricing errors. In particular, Rainbow Printing Ltd. and the affiliated, co-branded and/or linked website partners through whom we provide service (collectively, “Rainbow Printing Ltd. affiliates”) do not guarantee the accuracy of, and disclaim all liability for any errors or other inaccuracies relating to the information, software, products, and services published on this website.Rainbow Printing Ltd. and its respective suppliers make no representations about the suitability of the information, software, products, and services contained on this website for any purpose, and the inclusion or offering of any products or services on this website does not constitute any endorsement or recommendation of such products or services by Rainbow Printing Ltd.. All such information, software, products, and services are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind. Rainbow Printing Ltd. and its respective suppliers disclaim all warranties and conditions that this website, its servers or any email sent from Rainbow Printing Ltd. is free of viruses or other harmful components. Rainbow Printing Ltd. and its respective suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, software, products, and services, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and noninfringement.In no event shall Rainbow Printing Ltd. be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, or consequential damages arising out of, or in any way connected with, your access to, display of or use of this website or with the delay or inability to access, display or use this website (including, but not limited to, your reliance upon opinions appearing on this web site; any computer viruses, information, software, linked sites, products, and services obtained through this website; or otherwise arising out of the access to, display of or use of this website) whether based on a theory of negligence, contract, tort, strict liability, or otherwise, and even if Rainbow Printing Ltd. has been advised of the possibility of such damages.PRIVACY POLICYWhat information do we collect?We collect information from you when you fill out a form.You may, however, visit our site anonymously.What do we use your information for?Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:to personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)to improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)to improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)How do we protect your information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.DO WE USE COOKIES?Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.No. This website does not use cookies.DO WE DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.THIRD-PARTY LINKSAt our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY ONLYThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.YOUR CONSENTBy using our site, you consent to our website’s privacy policy.CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICYIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the privacy policy modification date below.This policy was last modified on Dec 9, 2014CONTACTING USIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using our Contact section. Copyright ©
2020 Rainbow Printing Ltd. All Rights Reserved.COVID-19 NEW HOURS: Mon. to Thurs. 8:00 am - 5:00 pm, Fri. 8:00 am - 12:00 pm Dismiss