https://raisbeck.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerMENUMENUMENUMENUProducts
Products
Package Options
Individual Systems
200 Series EPIC Platinum PackageB200/B200GT EPIC Gold Performance PackageC90GT EPIC Performance Package
C90 EPIC Performance PackageE90 EPIC Performance Package100/A100 EPIC Performance Package
Composite 5-Blade Swept PropellersAluminum 4-Blade Swept PropellersPower PropsCrown Wing Lockers
Dual Aft Body StrakesEnhanced Perf. Leading EdgesHigh Flotation Gear Doors
Ram Air Recovery SystemAft Fuselage Locker
Other Parts & Kits
Technical DocumentsResources
BrochuresVideosProduct Pricing
News & Events
NewsNewslettersEvents
Contact
Contact UsSales & Support
About Raisbeck
Our CompanyCareersLeadership
Folds of Honor
General
Welcome to our Internet Site with our home page at http://raisbeck.com/ (the Internet Site”). Raisbeck Engineering Incorporated (“Raisbeck”) is committed to protecting any information that you may provide to us. We collect and use information about you which will help us administer our business or provide products, services or other opportunities to you. Among other things, we use the information we learn about you to help us personalize and improve the experience you have on our website, to respond to your requests and to communicate with you.
This Privacy Policy sets out our privacy practices with respect to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information on this Internet Site.
Personal Data We Collect:
The types of information we collect, retain and use include the following:
1. Site Use Information: In general, you can visit the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers collect the domain names, not the email addresses, of visitors.
2. Registration Information You Provide to Us: Personally, Identifiable Information and Voluntarily Provided Additional Information
Generally, you are not required to register in order to access our Site. However, when you send us an email, contact us to provide or receive information or news, receive products or register in connection with a specific area of the Site, we collect profile information from you (“Personally Identifiable Information”). When you register, we require that you provide the following Personally Identifiable Information:
• Your first and last name;
• Email address; and
• Other information as requested in the applicable registration pages.
At your option, you may voluntarily provide additional information (including employment history if you are seeking employment at REI). Although you may choose not to provide the optional information to us, it may result in some features not being available to you.
How Long We Keep Your Information: The personal data that is collected by us will only be retained as long as necessary for business continuity or valid legal purposes.
How We Use the Information We Collect:
1. Site Use Information: This information may be aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the Site, pages viewed, the site you visited just before coming to this Site, internet service provider, etc. This information (“Behavior Profiles”) is used to measure the use of our Site and to improve the content we offer.
2. Personally, Identifiable Information: By providing Personally Identifiable Information to us, you explicitly agree to our collection and use of such information as described in this Privacy Policy. We use your Personally Identifiable Information in the following ways:
• To respond to your inquiries;
• To process an order or request;
• To contact you regarding account status or customer service;
• To let you know about products which may be of interest to you; or
• To match you with appropriate job opportunities if you are seeking employment at REI.
When you register or provide information through this Site, you consent to allow us to contact you for these purposes.
We may store the information you share with us for marketing research and other marketing purposes. You consent to our making your email addresses available to other reputable organizations associated with REI whose products or services we think you may find interesting.
If you do not want to receive information about our products, you will be provided with the opportunity to easily opt-out of participation.
3. Email Communications: We use your email address to contact you to respond to your inquiries or to provide information on products or services to you. To help us determine whether you have received an email from us and to help us make emails more useful and interesting, we may receive a confirmation that you have opened an email from us.
4. Cookies: Like many websites we use “cookies” to enable us to remember your password, to help us identify the portions of our Site that may be the most relevant for your needs, and to help us identify other products or services that may be of interest to you or others. A cookie is a small piece of information that a web site can store on your web browser and then retrieve at a later time. We use cookies to track the portions of our Site you visit. However, we do not use cookies to examine your surfing behavior before or after you leave our Site. There are products commercially available that are designed to help you disable cookies. Although we want you to be aware that such products exist, please note that if you choose to use them, we will not be able to provide you with personalized service, and it may result in certain features and services not being available to you.
Child Privacy
Because of the nature of our business, our products and services are not designed to appeal to minors, and therefore we do not knowingly attempt to solicit or receive any information from children. Our terms and conditions of use require that any registration may only be made by those age 18 or older and that any product or service purchases may only be made by those age 18 or older. If we have reason to believe that information is being provided by a child under the age of 18, TAI will not collect the information without parental consent or parent notification, which will include the opportunity for the parent to prevent the use of the information or to prevent the child’s participation in the activity. Without parental consent, online information will only be used to respond to an unsolicited request and for no other purpose. We recognize that protecting children’s identities and privacy online is important and that the responsibility to do so rests with both the online industry and with parents.
Restrictions on Disclosing Information to Third Parties
We do not sell or lease your Personally Identifiable Information to others, but we may share your Personally Identifiable Information with our affiliated companies or authorized representatives, and you agree to allow us to do so.
1. Site Use Information: We may share experiential information or other data which does not personally identify users of our Site with third parties. For example, this might include product or service preferences of all visitors to our Site.
2. Personally Identifiable Information: We do not reveal Personally Identifiable Information about you to unaffiliated third parties unless:
• you request or authorize it;
• the information is provided to help complete a transaction for you;
• the information is provided to comply with the law, applicable regulations, court orders or subpoenas, to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements, or to protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of our users or others (e.g., to a consumer reporting agency for fraud protection, etc.);
• the disclosure is done as part of a purchase, transfer or sale of services or assets (e.g., in the event that substantially all of our assets are acquired by another party, customer information may be one of the transferred assets); or
• the information is provided to our agents, outside vendors or service providers to perform functions on our behalf (e.g., analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing customer service, etc.).
We may also gather aggregated data about you and disclose such aggregated (but not personally identifiable) information to third parties for promotional or other purposes.
EU Personal Data will only be transferred to third parties outside of the EU if:
• the third-party data controller processes the personal data in accordance with a Commission decision finding that a third-party country provides adequate protection; or
• the third-party data controller becomes a signatory to Model Clauses with Raisbeck Engineering or an affiliate or another data transfer agreement approved by a competent authority in the EU; or
• data subjects have been given the opportunity to object, after having been informed of the purposes of the transfer, the categories of recipients and the fact that the countries to which data is exported may have different data protection standards.
Security Procedures to Protect Information
We maintain security standards and procedures to help prevent unauthorized access to confidential information about you. Our Site uses a combination of encryption technology and authentication to protect your Personally Identifiable Information. As long as the web browser you are using supports Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), your information will be submitted to us with a high level of security. We update and test our security technology on an ongoing basis. We have procedures limiting employee access to Personally Identifiable Information to those employees who have a business reason to know such information about you.
It is important for you to help protect against unauthorized access by signing off of our Site each time you finish using the Site.
Inapplicability of Privacy Policies of Any Linked Sites or Other Parties
This Site may contain links to other sites such as affiliates, subsidiaries or other third-party distributors and sales representatives. This Privacy Policy only addresses REI’s use and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information collected on this Site. While we try to link only to sites that share our standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third parties or the content of linked sites, and we encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies and terms and conditions of such parties or websites. REI has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or sites.
Your Rights to the Information We Collect
This Privacy Policy is intended to provide you with information about what personal data REI collects about you and how it is used. If you have any questions, please contact us at (206) 723- 2000.
ProductsPackage Options
200 Series EPIC Platinum Package
B200/B200GT EPIC Gold Performance Package
C90GT EPIC Performance Package
C90 EPIC Performance Package
E90 EPIC Performance Package
100/A100 EPIC Performance Package
Individual Systems
Composite 5-Blade Swept Propellers
Aluminum 4-Blade Swept Propellers
Power Props
Crown Wing Lockers
Dual Aft Body Strakes
Placeholder
Enhanced Performance Leading Edges
High Flotation Gear Doors
Ram Air Recovery System
Aft Fuselage Locker
About Raisbeck
Our Company
Contact
Find a Dealer
Careers
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Resources and Documents
Technical Documents
Resources
News
Newsletters
Events
Other Parts & Kits
Placeholder
Menu Item
FooterPRODUCTS
PACKAGE OPTIONS
200 Series EPIC Platinum Package
B200/B200GT EPIC Gold Package
C90GT EPIC Performance Package
C90 EPIC Performance Package
E90 EPIC Performance Package
100/A100 EPIC Performance Package
INDIVIDUAL SYSTEMS
Composite 5-Blade Propellers
Aluminum 4-Blade Propellers
Power Props
Crown Wing Lockers
Dual Aft Body Strakes
Enhanced Performance Leading Edges
High Flotation Gear Doors
Ram Air Recovery System
ZR Lite Performance System
AFT Fuselage Locker
OTHER PARTS & KITS
ABOUT RAISBECK
Our Company
Contact
Find A Dealer
Careers
Folds of Honor
RESOURCES AND DOCUMENTS
Technical Documents
Resources
News
Newsletters
Events
CONTACT US
US:  (800) 537-7277
INT’L:  +(206) 723-2000
AOG:  +(206) 390-8690
CONNECT
REMEMBERING LYNN THOMAS
We are all saddened by the passing of our leader and friend, Lynn Thomas, who recently lost his battle with cancer.
A life-long aviation enthusiast, Lynn pursued his passion for aviation both professionally and personally, making his first solo flight at the age of 16. Over the years, he continued to fly as often as possible, both for business and pleasure
Lynn joined Raisbeck Engineering in 2017, bringing his unique talent to the company where his drive and leadership contributed greatly to Raisbeck’s continued success. His experience and achievements in the general aviation industry included sales, business management and marketing with both aviation manufacturers and dealers. Lynn started his career working with major investment firms, including Everen Securities and Paine Weber.
Lynn took an active interest in all facets of the companies he represented. He was often spotted on the shop floor at Quest Aircraft or roaming the halls and main lobby at Banyan. Here at Raisbeck, Lynn always took the opportunity to spend time with the Raisbeck team to support their efforts.
In addition to Lynn’s passion for aviation, he was an avid outdoorsman.  Whether fly fishing or paddling his hand-built canoe, he loved taking in the beauty found in nature.
He leaves us with a sense of great loss.  Lynn has left an indelible mark on all of our lives and will be greatly missed. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family.
×
×