https://ramresearch.com/ram-research-security-privacy/
Skip to content
Home
RAM Reports® 2020
Market Research
Advisory Services
About
About RAM Research
Corporate
News
CardBuzz®
Bankcenter
CardFlash®
CardTrak®
PYRPTS™ Blog
PYVNTS™ Blog
Reports
PYRPTS™
CardData®
The RAM Reports®
Payments
Contact
RAM Research utilizes “strictly necessary cookies” for internal purposes only (as explained herein) and does not accept third-party advertising or targeted marketing from data collection services such as Google Ads.
In other words: “What You Do Here, Stays Here.”
RAM Research does not utilize “functional cookies” or “targeting cookies.” If you click on a non-affiliated link then you will be subject to the Privacy & Security policy of the respective website. However, you can be feel confident most of the external links we may include are to highly compliant companies.
RAM Research is strongly opposed to “click bait” or highly “commission-driven” commingled content and encourages visitors to report any abuse.
RAM Research utilizes secured servers for all online activity including email and transactions. Steps have been taken to safeguard the integrity of data and protection of personal information. All personal information is transmitted and protected by encryption technology using Secured Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
RAM Research also utilizes a full-time third-party malware protection and scanning service. If security monitoring reveals possible evidence of criminal activity, information pertaining to such activity will be provided to law enforcement officials.
RAM Research does not store personal information on this website and does not share customer information.
RAM Research gathers certain generic information about the use of the website such as collecting and analyzing traffic by keeping track of visitor IP addresses via Google Analytics.
RAM Research limits the use of this data in aggregate or on a collective basis, in summary form, rather than on an individual basis via Google Analytics.
RAM Research is a division of Ruebud Media, Inc. and may be contacted at Ruebud Media, Inc., 130 East Marion Ave, #512536, Punta Gorda, Florida, USA, 33950.
RAM Research legal-related documents may be delivered to Ruebud Media, Inc., c/o Corporate Services, Inc., 5237 Summerlin Commons, Suite 400, Fort Myers, Florida 33907.
All contents on this website are copyright by Ruebud Media, Inc. and RAM Research and the respective data source(s). All rights reserved.
RAM Research is a registered trademark owned by Ruebud Media, Inc.
RAM Research Privacy & Security Policy is reviewed weekly and subject to revisions to maintain full compliance policy with local, state or province, national and international rules and regulations.
RAM RESEARCH PRODUCTS
The RAM Reports®
Market Research Services
Advisory Services
OTHER RELATED SERVICES:
PYRPTS (global payment reports)
PYVNTS (global payment events)
CardBuzz (published payment news)
BankCenter (payment news releases)
CardFlash (payment executive news)
CardTrak (consumer payment news)
CardData (quarterly payment data)
RAM Research® Serving The Financial Services Community Since 1986
RAM Research Security
Privacy
Copyright © 2020 RAM Research® and Ruebud Media, Inc.
This website uses strictly necessary cookies for internal purposes only. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.