https://rbgcpa.com/terms
Menu
RBG
Our Legacy
Our Approach
Services
Industries
Financial Institutions
Manufacturing and Distribution
Not-for-Profit
Retail Dealerships
Employee Benefit Plans
Real Estate
Private Wealth
×
Team
Careers
News & Blog
Resources
File Transfer
Portal
Contact
Terms
PLEASE REVIEW THESE TERMS OF USE (THE “TERMS”) FOR REYNOLDS BONE & GRIESBECK (RBG) WEB SITE (THE “SITE”). http://www.rbgcpa.com/ BY USING THIS SITE, YOU AGREE TO FOLLOW AND BE BOUND BY THE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
Changes to Terms
Please review the Terms regularly. The Terms may change at any time. By using the Site after a change in the Terms, you agree to follow and be bound by the Terms as changed.
Site Content
Unless otherwise expressly noted, you should assume everything you see, hear, or otherwise receive from or on the Site (the “Content”) is copyright, trademark, trade dress or other intellectual property owned or licensed by Reynolds, Bone & Griesbeck. The Content includes, without limitation, images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, trademarks, logos, text, sounds, music, the Site as a whole and any other materials at the Site.
Nothing in the Terms transfers to you any right, title or interest in any Content, including any intellectual property or content of third parties included on the Site.
Your Use of the Site
You may use Content for research or educational purposes, or for your personal, noncommercial purposes, provided you keep unchanged all copyright and other notices with them. No other use of any Content is permitted unless a specific use is expressly sated as to particular Content.
You agree that you will make only lawful use of the Site, and will use the Site only in compliance with all federal, state and local laws and regulations. You agree that you will make no use of the Site that violates anyone else’s rights, including copyright, trademark, patient, trade secret, privacy, publicity or other rights.
You agree that you will not upload, post, transmit, distribute or otherwise publish on or to the Site (“Publish”) any materials that contain a software virus or other harmful component. You agree that you will not Publish any materials that contain advertising or commercial material of any kind. You agree that you will not Publish any materials that are false, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise unlawful, or that violate any rights of privacy or publicity or any trademark, copyright, patent or other rights. You are solely responsible for the content of any material you Publish. We are not responsible or liable for the conduct of any person using the Site.
We may change, suspend, discontinue or remove any aspect of the Site at any time, without prior notice, including the availability of any Site feature, services or Content or any material you have Published. We may restrict your access to certain features, services or Content at any time, without prior notice.
Links to Other Sites
We are not responsible for any Web sites, services or other materials linked to or from the Site, and disclaim all liability for any injury you may experience by using such materials. If you have any concerns regarding any Web site linked to or from the Site, please direct them to the owner or operator of the Web site.
User Comments and Submissions
We welcome your comments regarding our Site and services. To submit your comments regarding our Site or services, please e-mail them to us. However, if you are dissatisfied with the Site, any of its Content, or any of the Terms, your sole and exclusive legal remedy is to stop using the Site. Any comments, ideas, suggestions or other information you transmit to the Site are not confidential or proprietary. We will be free to use any comment, idea, suggestion or other information you transmit to us through the Site on an unrestricted basis. This may include personal information about you and your use of the Site. For more information, please review the Privacy Policy.