https://rbgcpa.com/privacy-policy
Menu
RBG
Our Legacy
Our Approach
Services
Industries
Financial Institutions
Manufacturing and Distribution
Not-for-Profit
Retail Dealerships
Employee Benefit Plans
Real Estate
Private Wealth
×
Team
Careers
News & Blog
Resources
File Transfer
Portal
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy
If you require more information or have questions about our privacy policy, please contact us. The privacy of our visitors is of utmost importance to us. Our privacy policy outlines the types of personal information this website collects and how it is used.
Personal Information
By entering your name, email address, and/or phone number, you are providing personal information that will be used by us for the sole purpose of returning your request to be contacted by us. We will only use this information to contact you in order to assist you with your internet marketing needs, and/or to answer any questions you may have indicated in the comments section. Our intention is to only use your personal information to return your request for contact regarding our website services or internet marketing related questions.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, this Web site makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes Internet Service Provider (ISP), internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other information is not linked to anything that is personally identifiable.
Social Media Policy
We are not responsible for any information collected by social networks on which we maintain a social media presence. These include, but are not limited to, Facebook, Google, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Each social network has its own privacy policy and it should be read before creating an account on the network. We are not responsible for any marketing or retargeting performed by a social network after you have visited our pages.
Opt-Out Option
Please contact us if you wish to opt-out/unsubscribe from receiving any future communication. Opt-out requests and/or questions regarding this privacy policy can be directed to lbouldin@rbgcpa.com