https://rcfreelance.com/privacy-policy
Working to find your hard to find part
Questions?
800-300-1968
We offer Flat Rates &
Same Day Shipping
Register |
My Account
|
My Orders
|
My Cart (0)
My Account
Wish List
Order Status
Logout
Franchise
Sell Your Excess
Consignment
Quality Assurance
Forms/Certifications
ESD Certification
ERAI Certification
ISO Certification
About Us
DBA Employment
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
DBA Employment
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy PolicyThis privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Freelance Electronics. This privacy notice applies solely to
information collected by this web site.
It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be
shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via
email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you,
regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as
necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you
about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy. Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address
or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any. Change/correct any data we have about you. Have us delete any data we have about you. Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected
both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.
You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning
of the address of the web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who
need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable
information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via email.
Freelance Electronics
13197 Sandoval Street
Santa Fe Springs, CA. 90670
Have Questions?
800-300-1968
Freelance Electronics
13197 Sandoval Street
Santa Fe Springs, CA 90670
Hours of Operation  (Holiday Hours)
Monday-Friday 7:30am-4:30pm PST
(Deadline for next day shipment 2:00pm PST)
Trustworthy Standards
Serving the Electronic Components
Industry since 1986
Government Cage code#-1V4R6
Duns Number# 788130532
Certified Small Disadvantaged Business
Customer Service
Contact Us
Order Status
Return Policy
Shipping Info
Company
About
Us
DBA Employment
Privacy
Policy
Terms of Use
information
FAQs
Blog
Press Releases
What We Buy
Low $10.00 per line item.
Minimum Order $10 domestic,
$45 for International
Connect with Us