http://readylinkstaffing.com/privacy-policy
Services
Contact
Job Postings
ReadyLink Staffing
ServicesWhat we offer…
HospitalsHow we help…
Hospital Service Request Form
NursesFind your job…
Travel Nursing
Job Postings
Job Inquiry Form
Local Per Diem Nursing
ContactGet in touch…
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
The following privacy statement discloses our information-gathering and dissemination practices for this Website, ReadyLink. We reserve the right to periodically review our privacy policies and modify or clarify such policies in any such way we deem appropriate and consistent with the general guidelines set forth in this statement.
At no time without the express consent of the user, will we share or disseminate the user’s IP address or other information that may be “personally identifiable.” For the purposes of this privacy statement, we regard information as “personally identifiable” if the information, individually or in the aggregate, discloses the identity of the user, such as the user’s name, phone number, address or e-mail address.
We do, however, use personally identifiable confirmation for internal administration purposes. For example, we use the user’s IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer and optimize our Web site and customer service.
Our site uses “cookies” to help customize the user’s experience at our Web site. We use cookies to deliver content specific to the user’s interests. “Cookies” are small text files stored on your computer after a visit to a Web site that the site later recognizes on a return visit. Cookies, by themselves, do not give us access to any information that is personally identifiable about the user. For more information regarding cookies and their use, please visit the following Web sites:
http://www.microsoft.com/info/cookies.htm
or
http://mozilla.gunnars.net/firefox_help_firefox_cookie_tutorial.html
or
http://www.google.com/support/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=95647
Our site’s registration, certification, request forms, exams and, on occasion, online surveys we conduct, ask users to provide us with certain information, some of which may be personally identifiable. We employ user contact information (e.g. name, address, e-mail address) to send the user information about our company and to tailor the user’s experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in and displaying the content according to their preferences. The user’s contact information also serves to enable us to contact the user when we have placement opportunities available, or when otherwise necessary.
Demographic and profile data, such as age, affiliations, hobbies or income level, also may be collected at our site, with proper and prior notification. While you are not required to provide us this information, we may not be able to provide you with the full benefits of our Web site experience without it. Information collected by us from our nurse applicants by means of our on-line registration form or occasional surveys are aggregated and shared with our associates and other interested third parties. but only on a non-personally identifiable and aggregate basis. We do not provide our associates with any means to identify or contact a user individually, unless a user specifically consents that we do so.
We may run forums, contests or other promotional activities on our site in which we ask participants other than registered users for contact information (like their e-mail address). We use contact data from our contests to send participants other than registered users information about our company. The contact information is also used to contact the participants when necessary in accordance with the rules set forth in connection with such contests or promotions.
Disclosure of Individual Customer Information
Company may disclose customer information when required by law or in order to protect customer safety, or when specifically authorized by user to do so.
Compliance with Law
Company represents that, in the event of state or federal law affecting our Privacy Policy, we may revise our Privacy Policy; such revisions may negatively affect your expectations under such Policy.  We will promptly notify our customers of any such revisions.
Information Management and Security
Company represents that all of our patient care providers are responsible for safeguarding customer communications and personal information.
Third Party Compliance
Company represents that we will require all third parties (i.e. vendors, consultants, etc.), who are privy to customer information, to abide by our Privacy Policy.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We operate secure data networks employing industry-standard SSL, firewall and password-protection systems and permit access to our data only to authorized individuals.
Special Provisions Applicable to Minors
Our site is targeted for users over the age of eighteen (18) living in the United States. Under certain circumstances, users under the age of eighteen with the direct supervision of a parent or a guardian may access our site. Although we may ask for personally identifiable information from such minors from their respective parents or guardians, under no circumstance will we share such information with any third party or include such minors in any mass mailings to all or any portion of our users or include these minors in any directory of users that may be accessible by our users.
Back to top
Connect with us…
RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Email
LinkedIn
ReadyLink 72030 Metroplex Drive
P.O. Box 1047
Thousand Palms, CA 92276
Phone: (800) 995-6955
Fax: (866) 770-7624
HR Fax: (866) 644-4494
Search this site
Copyright 2013, All Rights Reserved, ReadyLink, Inc.
top
Home
Hospitals
Nurses
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Contact