https://reclaimedflooring.co.uk/privacy-and-cookies/
Privacy policy and cookies
Who we are
At The Antique Oak Flooring Company, we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our visitors to our web site. In particular, we want you to know that The Antique Oak Flooring Company is not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes. We just don’t do that sort of thing. But just in case you don’t believe us, in this Privacy Policy, we’ve provided lots of detailed information on when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure. Grab a cuppa and read on.
Types of data we collect
Website Cookies – Google Analytics
When someone visits our website we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. Cookies used by this site are:
Cookie Name
Typical content
Expires
Information
_utma
Randomly generated number
2 years
This cookie keeps track of the number of times a visitor has been to the site. Google Analytics uses this information to calculate return visitor behaviour.
_utmb
Randomly generated number
30 minutes
The cookies _utmb and _utmc are used to establish the length of a session.
_utmc
Randomly generated number
When user closes browser
The cookies _utmb and _utmc are used to establish the length of a session.
_utmz
Randomly generated number
6 months
This cookie tracks how visitors reach the site, for example via a search engine result, a direct link, or an ad that links to the page.
Forms and Mailing Lists
As part of the process for our quotation form and newsletter request form we collect personal information. We use that information to:
tell you more about things you’ve asked us to tell you about
to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information
to check our records are right and to check every now and then that you’re happy and satisfied.
We don’t rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses. We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing our data protection officer Bob Lovell.
Access to your personal information
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. Email your request to our data protection officer Bob Lovell at info@antiqueoakflooring.com.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
This policy was last updated on 25th May 2018.