https://reconingspeakers.com/checkout/privacy-ploicy/
Skip to content
The Speaker Exchange® wishes to communicate our firm commitment to your privacy. We take the proper measures to ensure that your shopping experience with us is safe, secure and enjoyable. This statement details our current information gathering and sharing practices.
The Speaker Exchange® is continually improving this site by adding new functionality and features to this site. The Speaker Exchange® is also improving and adding products and/or services. Because of these changes, changes in the law and the changing nature of technology, The Speaker Exchange® data practices will change from time to time. This Privacy & Security statement is subject to change without notice. We encourage you to review our Privacy and Security statement whenever you use this web site to make sure you understand our current practices. We also encourage you to review the privacy policy posted on any web site you visit before using the site or providing personal data about yourself.
Information We Collect and How We Use It
When you place an order with us, we will need to collect your name, e-mail address, shipping address, credit card number and credit card expiration date. This information allows us to process your order and contact you if necessary. All of your information is stored on a secured server. If you do not wish to register your credit card number online, you do have the option to place your order over the phone by calling a Speaker Exchange® representative at 1-800-849-6972.
If you choose to participate in a contest or a promotion, we may ask for your name, address and phone number in order to administer the contest and notify the winners. If you volunteer to participate in an online survey, we may ask for contact information and possibly additional information such as your interests and demographics. Supplying this information is strictly voluntary. The information is used to provide you with a more personalized shopping experience, including future recommendations and promotions that may be of special interest to you. You may opt out of receiving this enhanced information if you so choose.
Information about your activity on the site is automatically collected when you sign in. We use this information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience. We monitor our site traffic patterns and site usage to better understand our customers and markets and improve the layout and design of our site. We use the information to notify you of any site changes, new features and services and to keep you informed of any special deals and promotions offered by The Speaker Exchange®. You may opt-out of receiving this information if you so choose.
Information Disclosure
When you place an order with us, we may share your information with our vendors, suppliers, and distributors to fulfill your orders. We may also share sales information with third parties in order to properly process service and returns and perform other administrative duties. We do not sell or rent any of your personally identifiable information with anyone outside of The Speaker Exchange®.
We may retain other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include but may not be limited to advertising, fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing services and customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but may not use it for other purposes.
Links to External and/or Co-Branded Sites
Our site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are not under our control. The Speaker Exchange® is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of information that many Web sites use to help make shopping online easier. The information is stored on your computer’s hard drive. It lets you shop our site, place items in your shopping basket/cart and return several days later without having to reenter the information. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies. Browsers usually provide the option to disable this feature.
Security
Our site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All information is stored on a secure server that is not accessible through the Internet.
We strive to maintain the reliability, accuracy, completeness and currency of personal data in our databases and to protect the privacy and security of our databases. Although we cannot guarantee against any loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, alteration or destruction of data, we try to prevent such unfortunate occurrences.
Choosing a Personal Password
When you create an account, you need to select a personal password that you will remember. It must be at least 6 characters. To maximize your level of protection, you should choose a combination of both letters and numbers.
Safe Shopping Policy
Because your credit card security is a high priority, we have taken numerous steps to ensure that your payment information is processed confidentially, accurately and securely. The Speaker Exchange® uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), an encryption technology that protects your credit card information. SSL encrypts all ordering information (name, address, credit card number) so no one can read it as it travels over the Internet.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment.
Search for:
Home
Products
Diaphragms
Tweeters, HF Drivers, Horns
Woofers, Subwoofers, Bass Units
Mid Range Speakers
Electronic Parts
Speaker Recone Kits
Speaker Refoam Kits
MISC Speaker Repair Parts
Glues & Adhesives
Hardware
Rebuilt or Used Speakers
Shop By Brand
Speaker Repair
Repair Form
Repair Services
B&W Repairs
KEF Replacement Parts
Brands We Service
FAQ
Reconing FAQ’s
Refoaming FAQ’s
Other FAQ
Warranty FAQ
How to Identify Parts of a Speaker
Returns
Shipping Information
Blog
Speaker History
Speaker Repair Info
Speaker Repair Results
How TO DO It
Speaker Sense
Technically Speaking
Other Info
Contact
Login
We Ship Worldwide! Dismiss
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
Password *
Register