http://reddoor.com/privacy
Privacy Policy | RedDoorThis app works best with JavaScript enabled.HomeRefinanceAgentsFAQsPrivacy PolicyLast Updated Date: June 23, 2019MortgageHub, Inc. (“RedDoor”) is committed to protecting your privacy. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the Personal Data (as defined below) we collect from users of our website, located at reddoor.com (“Website”), our mobile applications (collectively, “Application”), and online services made available through the Website and/or Application (“Services”).
Questions; Contacting RedDoor; Reporting Violations. If you have any questions or concerns or complaints about our Privacy Policy or our data collection or processing practices, or if you want to report any security violations to us, please contact us at the following e-mail address: terms@reddoor.com.
International Users. Please note that our Website, Applications and Services are provided in the U.S. and intended for U.S. residents. As such, they are governed by US law. If you use our Website, Applications or Services, your Personal Data will be subject to U.S. law and processed in the U.S. or in other countries.
Types of Data We Collect.
Information You Provide to Us.
We may collect Personal Data from you, such as your first and last name, e-mail address, phone number, and the DRE number of your real estate agent (or your DRE number if you are an agent yourself) when you create an account to log in to our network (“Account”). Each time you sign on, rather than requiring a password, we will send you an SMS message with a unique code that you should enter in the sign-on screen in order to access your Account. We may associate the phone number you submit during the Account registration process to your mobile device identification information. As a borrower, by registering an Account, you can save information such as chats and loan documents for later review and update.
We also collect other types of Personal Data that you, as a borrower, provide to us voluntarily, such as your social security number, location and value of property related to requested home financing, financial information about your assets and income, employment history, liabilities, credit scores, credit card information, and other information necessary to perform a credit check, determine loan eligibility, and/or otherwise process loans. We will only use this information to provide the Services to you and as described in the Privacy Policy. You are not required to provide us with this information; however, if you do not provide us with such information, we may not be able to provide you with the Services you request.
As a borrower, if you choose to submit loan or financing related documents to your loan officer through the Services, including, for example, a photograph of your driver’s license or other government-issued identification, you must give us permission to access your mobile device’s camera and photos. We collect the photographs you submit to the Services when you use your mobile device’s camera through our Services or otherwise upload photographs from your mobile device to our Services. These photographs and other documents that you upload through the Services are shared with your loan officer(s) and other entities that assist in your loan application process.
If you tell us where you are located (e.g., by allowing your mobile device to send us your location), we may store and use that information to provide you with location-based information. If you want to deactivate this feature, you can either delete and reinstall the Application or deactivate GPS on your mobile device.
We retain information on your behalf, such as your chat conversations with the RedDoor chatbot and/or with your loan officer through the Services.
If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply.
When you participate in one of our surveys, we may collect additional profile information.
We may also collect Personal Data, such as at other points in our Website, Application, and Services that state that Personal Data is being collected.
Information Collected via Technology.
Information Collected by Our Servers. To make our Website, Application, and Services more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) collect information from you, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.
Log Files. As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (“ISP”), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the Website and Application, track users’ movements around the Website and Application, gather demographic information about our user base as a whole, and better tailor our Services to our users’ needs. For example, some of the information may be collected so that when you visit the Website or the Services again, it will recognize you and the information could then be used to provide you with other information appropriate to your interests. Except as noted in this Privacy Policy, we do not link this automatically-collected data to Personal Data.
Cookies and other technologies. Like many online services, we use cookies and other to collect information. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing the website. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Website. This type of information is collected to make the Website more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs. We may also collect details about your interactions with emails that we may send you, including the links on which you click and your interactions with our linked sites.
Collection of Data by Advertisers. We may also use third parties to serve ads on the Website or Application. Certain third parties may automatically collect information about your visits to this and other websites, your IP address, your ISP, the browser you use to visit our Website or Application (but not your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number). They do this by using Cookies, Pixel Tags or other technologies. Information collected may be used, among other things, to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visitation of our Website and Application, and the other sites tracked by these third parties. This policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, Cookies or Pixel Tags in third party ads, and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of Cookies and other technologies. Some Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to “Do Not Track” or similar signals. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here: http://www.aboutads.info/choices .
Mobile Services. We may also collect information from your mobile device if you have downloaded our Application(s). This information is generally used to help us deliver the most relevant information to you. Examples of information that may be collected and used include your geographic location, how you use the Application(s), and information about the type of device you use. In addition, in the event our Application(s) crash on your mobile device, we will receive information about your mobile device model software version and device carrier, which allows us to identify and fix bugs and otherwise improve the performance of our Application(s).
Google Analytics. We use Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the Website. Google Analytics uses Cookies to collect information such as how often users visit the Website, what pages they visit, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the Website. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve our Website and Services. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit the Website, rather than your name or other personally identifying information. We do not combine the information generated through the use of Google Analytics with your Personal Data. Although Google Analytics plants a persistent Cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit the Website, the Cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Website is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy.
Information Collected from Third Parties.
We may receive additional information about you from third party partners, including credit reporting agencies and lenders, and combine it with other information that we have about you.
If you are listed as a co-borrower on a loan, we may collect information about you from a registered user who has an Account with the Services in order to process the loan.
A registered user may also have the opportunity to invite a co-borrower to create an Account with RedDoor and use the Services.
Use of Your Personal Data
General Use. In general, Personal Data you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make, or to aid us in serving you better. We use your Personal Data in the following ways:
facilitate the creation of and secure your Account on our network;
provide improved administration of our Website, Application, and Services;
if you are a borrower, perform a credit check through a credit reporting agency and generate a credit profile;
provide the Services you request, including identifying borrowers’ (and co-borrowers’) maximum buying power, generating pre-approval letters and loan options, processing loans, and facilitating communications between borrowers and lenders about loan applications;
improve the quality of experience when you interact with our Website, Application, and Services; send you a welcome e-mail and/or text message to verify ownership of the e-mail address provided when your Account was created;
send you administrative e-mail or text notifications, such as security or support and maintenance advisories;
provide you with alerts and updates regarding your loan options and/or loan status; and
send newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials related to our Services and for other marketing purposes of RedDoor.
User Testimonials and Feedback. We often receive testimonials and comments from users who have had positive experiences with our Services. We occasionally publish such content. When we publish this content, we may identify our users by their first and last name and may also indicate their home city. We obtain the user’s consent prior to posting his or her name along with the testimonial. We may post user feedback on the Website from time to time. We will share your feedback with your first name and last initial only. If we choose to post your first and last name along with your feedback, we will obtain your consent prior to posting your name with your feedback. If you make any comments on a blog or forum associated with our Website, you should be aware that any Personal Data you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these blogs and forums.
Creation of Anonymous Data. We may create Anonymous Data records from Personal Data by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We use this Anonymous Data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our Services and improve Website navigation. We reserve the right to use Anonymous Data for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Data to third parties in our sole discretion.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data. We disclose your Personal Data as described below and as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Third Parties Designated by You. When you use the Services, the Personal Data you provide will be shared with the third parties that you authorize to receive such information. For example, the status of your loan application may be shared with the real estate agent(s) linked to your Account through your referral code.
Third Party Service Providers. We may provide your Personal Data to (a) third party service providers to provide you with the Services that we offer you through our Website and Application, including with respect to borrowers; (a) credit reporting agencies to perform credit checks, (b) potential lenders to evaluate your eligibility for pre-approval for a loan, to secure and/or service a loan; and/or © other service providers who assist in qualifying, processing, and closing your loan; to conduct quality assurance testing; to facilitate creation of accounts; to provide technical support; and/or to provide other services to RedDoor.
Affiliates. We may share some or all of your Personal Data with our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (“Affiliates”) for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
Corporate Restructuring. We may share some or all of your Personal Data in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, Personal Data may also be transferred as a business asset. If another RedDoor acquires our RedDoor, business, or assets, that RedDoor will possess the Personal Data collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
Other Disclosures. Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data (as described below), RedDoor may disclose Personal Data if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary (a) in connection with any legal investigation; (b) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on RedDoor; © to protect or defend the rights or property of RedDoor or users of the Website or Services; and/or (d) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy, or our Terms of Use.
Third Party Websites. Our Website and Application may contain links to third party websites or services. When you click on a link to any other website or location, you will leave our Website or Application and go to another site and another entity may collect Personal Data or Anonymous Data from you. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of your Personal Data after you click on links to such outside websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website you visit. The links to third party websites or locations are for your convenience and do not signify our endorsement of such third parties or their products, content or websites.
Your Choices Regarding Your Information. You have several choices regarding use of information on our Services:
Email Communications. We will periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our Website, Application, or Services. When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below). Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.
Cookies. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to accept cookies from our Service for any of the purposes described above, then you can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. Consult your browser’s technical information. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Service or all functionality of the Service. If you have any questions about how to disable or modify cookies, please let us know at the contact information provided below.
Changing or Deleting Your Personal Data. All users may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Data in their Account by contacting us or by editing their settings via the Services. If you completely delete all of your Personal Data, then your Account may become deactivated. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.
Applications. You can stop all collection of information by the Application by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Security of Your Personal Data. RedDoor is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data. We do not store sensitive user data (like social security number, FICO score or credit reports). All sensitive data is encrypted in transit (while it is operated on) via Very Good Security Inc. (getvgs.com) before being deleted. We also use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while RedDoor uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Data, RedDoor cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to This Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and we will change the “Last Updated” date above. You should consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
1161 Mission Street #401, San Francisco, CA, 94103NMLS #1838659, DRE #02084298© 2020 MortgageHub, Inc. All rights Reserved.844-337-4821 | team@reddoor.comTerms of ServicePrivacy Policy