http://redrhinocrushers.com/privacy-policy/
01476 590790
Alma Park Industrial Estate, Grantham, Lincolnshire, NG31 9RT
Privacy Policy 1
HomePrivacy Policy 1
Privacy Policy
References in this privacy policy to “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Red Rhino Crushers, a subsidiary of Winfield Engineering Ltd, References to “our Website” or “the Website” is to www.redrhinocrushers.com. This privacy policy only covers this website. Any other websites which may be linked to by our website are subject to their own policy, which may differ from ours.
Definitions
Browser or Web Browser
There are many web browsers but the most common ones are Microsoft Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Apple Safari and Opera. Web browsers are used to locate and display web pages.
IP (Internet Protocol)
All networks connected to the internet speak IP, the technical standard which allows data to be transmitted between two devices. TCP/IP (Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol) is responsible for making sure messages get from one computer to another and that the messages are understood.
IP Address
When you are connected to the Internet you have an IP address. It may look something like this – 198.184.98.9. If you are a dial-up customer using an analogue modem or ISDN, your IP address will usually change each time you connect to the Internet. This means that you cannot be uniquely identified by your IP address.
Web Server
The computer which sends web pages to your computer.
The information we collect
The information we collect via the Website may include. Any personal details you knowingly choose to send or provide to us through verbal communication, administrative forms (paper or electronic) and via email; such as name, address, company details, title, telephone number, mobile number etc.
In order to effectively process financial transactions it may be necessary for a bank or card processing agency to verify your personal details for authorization outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Such information will not be transferred out of the EEA for any other purpose.
Your preferences and use of email updates, recorded by emails we send you (if you select to receive email updates on products and offers).
Your IP Address
Data recorded by the Website which allows us to recognize you and your preferred settings. Such data is recorded locally on your computer through the use of cookies. Most browsers can be programmed to reject, or warn you before downloading cookies, information regarding this may be found in your browsers ‘help’ facility.
What we do with your information
Any personal information we collect from this website will be used in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and other applicable laws. The details we collect will be used: To process your order, and to provide service and after sales care and support, we may pass your details to another organization to supply/deliver products or services you have purchased and/or to provide after-sales service. Red Rhino Crushers, a subsidiary of Winfield Engineering Ltd, will only collect, process and store information about you that we have openly collected from you or that you have provided to us we have openly collected from you with your consent in addition to this we do log your IP address which is automatically recognized by our Web Server We will only collect information that is relevant to providing sales and support services. We will keep your information while you have a relationship with us and for any retention period that we are legally required to meet. We may use your email address to send you information on our other products and services. You retain the right to request that you do not receive this information. We may need to pass the information we collect to other companies for administrative purposes. We may use third parties to carry out certain activities, such as marketing analysis, processing and sorting data, monitoring how customers use the Website and issuing our e-mails for us. Third parties will not be allowed to use your personal information for their own purposes. If you use standard e-mail for communication with Red Rhino Crushers, a subsidiary of Winfield Engineering Ltd, information will not be protected in the same way and you should be aware that Red Rhino Crushers, a subsidiary of Winfield Engineering Ltd, cannot guarantee that it remains confidential whilst in transit.
All e-mail sent to Red Rhino Crushers, a subsidiary of Winfield Engineering Ltd, will be monitored and checked to ensure our systems operate effectively. This privacy policy only covers the Red Rhino Crushers, a subsidiary of Winfield Engineering Ltd, web site. Links within this site to external web sites are not covered by this policy. Please note that any changes that Red Rhino Crushers, a subsidiary of Winfield Engineering Ltd, makes to this policy will be communicated electronically on the home-page of this site and not by individual written communication.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of data sent by our computer to yours so that information can be recalled. A cookie is stored by your web browser in a text file on your computer with the word ‘cookie’ in its name. Each time your web browser requests a page from our web server, the cookie’s message is sent back. Only Red Rhino Crushers’, a subsidiary of Winfield Engineering Ltd, web server may read the contents of a cookie you accept from us.
Red Rhino Crushers, a subsidiary of Winfield Engineering Ltd, uses cookies in the following ways: To track how users reach our site and the path they take through it to help us to improve our service to you When we use a cookie for this purpose, we do not record any information that will uniquely identify you. We put together the information from a very large number of users of our web site to give us an overall picture of how people visit our site. From time to time we use a third party company to monitor and analyze traffic to, from and within our web site. Cookies may be used as part of this process. Again no information will be recorded that uniquely identifies you.
From time to time we may wish to record personal information about you using cookies. You may choose to set your browser to not accept any cookies – click on the link below to see how. Please be aware that in doing this certain websites (excluding Red Rhino Crushers, a subsidiary of Winfield Engineering Ltd) may not operate correctly.
Request A Quotation
Simply fill out the fields below and we will be in touch within 1 hour. We will be able to send over more info, full info & look at producing a full quotation for you.
Company Name *
Your Name *
Your Email *
Phone *
Country & Postcode/Zipcode *
I am happy to be added to the email mailing list
I agree to the terms of the privacy policy
We will NOT pass your information onto any third parties.