https://redwitz.com/contact-us/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Our Team
Company Profile
Mission
Company Core Values
CalCPA Peer Review
Current Clients
Client Testimonials
Business Affiliates
GDR Group, Inc.
Redwitz Wealth Management
Trust Management Services
Services
Our Services
Some of the Industries We Serve
Construction
Closely-Held or Family Owned Businesses
Nonprofit
Non-Profit Industry
Professional Services
Real Estate
Tax Services
Individual Tax Planning and Preparation
International Tax Services
Business and Non-Profit Tax Services
Advisory Services
Financial Statement Services
Outsourced Chief Financial Officer or Controller
Audit & Assurance Services
Audit of Employee Benefit Plans
Audit of Financial Statements
Fraud Prevention
IT Services
Trustee Services
Clients
Client Portal
Make a Payment
International
Resources
News
Redwitz News
Taxes
Audits
Industry Trends
Tax FAQs
Podcasts
Contact Us
Contact Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
HomeContact UsPrivacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us and maintaining your trust and confidence is one of our highest priorities. We respect your right to keep your personal information confidential and understand your desire to avoid unwanted solicitations. The law requires us (along with banks, brokerage houses, and other financial institutions) to disclose our Privacy Policy to you–which we are more than happy to do. We hope by taking a few moments to read it, that you will have a better understanding of what we do with the information you provide us and how we keep it private and secure while using it to serve you better.
Types of Information We Collect
We collect certain personal information about you–but only when that information is provided by you or is obtained by us with your authorization. We use that information to prepare your personal income tax returns and may also use it to provide various tax and financial planning services to you at your request.
Examples of sources from which we collect information include:
Interviews and phone calls with you
Letters or e-mails from you
Tax return or financial planning organizers, and
Financial history questionnaires
Parties to Whom We Disclose Information
As a general rule we do not disclose personal information about our clients or former clients to anyone. However, to the extent permitted by law and any applicable state Code of Professional Conduct, certain nonpublic information about you may be disclosed into the following situations:
To comply with a validly issued and enforceable subpoena or summons.
In the course of a review of our firm’s practices under the authorization of a state or national licensing board or as necessary to properly respond to an inquiry or complaint from such a licensing board or organization.
In conjunction with a prospective purchase, sale, or merger of all or part of our practice, provided that we take appropriate precautions (for example, through a written confidentiality agreement) so the prospective purchaser or merger partner does not disclose information obtained in the course of the review.
As part of any actual or threatened legal proceedings or alternative dispute resolution proceedings either initialed by or against us, provided we disclose only the information necessary to file, or pursue, or defend against the lawsuit, and take reasonable precautions to ensure that the information disclosed does not become a matter of public record.
To provide information to affiliates of the firm and nonaffiliated third parties who perform services or functions for us in conjunction with our services to you, but only if we have a contractual agreement with the other party which prohibits them from disclosing or using the information other than for the purposes for which it was disclosed. (Examples of such disclosures include using an outside service bureau to process tax returns or engaging a records-retention agency to store prior year records.)
Confidentiality and Security of Nonpublic Personal Information
Except as otherwise described in this notice, we restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to employees of our firm and other parties who must use that information to provide services to you. Their right to further disclose and use the information is limited by the policies of our firm, applicable law, our Code of Professional Conduct, and nondisclosure agreements where appropriate. We also maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable laws and regulations to guard your personal information from unauthorized access, alteration, or premature destruction. Thank you for allowing us to continue serving your accounting, tax and financial planning needs. We value your business and are committed to protecting your privacy. We hope you view our firm as your most trusted advisor and we will work to continue earning your trust. Please call us if you have any questions or if we can be of further service.
Copyright 2020, Redwitz, Inc. All rights reserved.
Contact Us
Redwitz Intranet