https://research.stlouisfed.org/privacy.html
Skip to main content
Economic Research Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis
Searching
Search All Research Division content
Search Only FRED economic data
Search Only FRASER digital library
Search Only published research and working papers
Economists
Research Economists
Research Fellows
Emeritus
Research Associates
View all A-Z
Research and Publications
Working Papers
St. Louis Fed Publications
Fed in Print
RePEc IDEAS
Eighth District Economy
The Research Division
About
Careers
Events
Research Staff
econlowdown
FRASER
FRED
|
My Account
Skip to main content
Privacy Notice & Policy
This is the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. The Bank
respects your privacy.
See the Privacy Policy
General Reserve Bank Data Privacy Notice
Introduction and Scope
This privacy notice provides a high-level overview of Federal Reserve Bank (Reserve Bank) activities that rely at
least in part on use of personal information. We seek to provide transparency into relevant Reserve Bank
functions, the personal information involved and general uses of such information.
While this notice covers general categories of activities and
functions conducted across and within multiple Reserve Banks, each Reserve Bank is a separate legal entity
responsible for its own privacy practices. As some of the many functions that the Reserve Banks perform have
been operationally consolidated into one or more Reserve Banks, each Reserve Bank is publishing a similar
version of this notice regardless of whether a function is performed at a particular Reserve Bank. This is to
make it easier to find relevant information without having to understand the complexities of the Federal Reserve
System.
When we use the term personal information in this notice, we
mean personal information handled or retained by a Reserve Bank that is linked or linkable to an individual.
This notice covers instances where personal information is received from sources other than the individuals to
which the personal information relates. It also covers situations where individuals provide information for
Reserve Bank security or law enforcement purposes.
This notice is not intended to cover situations:
that are generally covered by more specific notices posted at the point of collection, such as collecting
personal information directly from members of the public on the web (e.g., signing up for newsletters);
where the Reserve Banks collect or use personal information for routine corporate functions, such as
managing employees, administering benefit plans, performing audits and accounting; and
that involve operation of Reserve Bank websites (e.g., cookie policies).
Reserve Bank Functions That Use PII
This notice describes the six core functions that the Reserve Banks perform involving personal information that
are within the scope explained above. Regardless of functional area, the Reserve Banks DO NOT sell personal
information to unrelated third parties for their commercial benefit. The Reserve Banks DO share personal
information if required by law or if such sharing is necessary to accomplish the listed functions and activities–including
sharing between the Reserve Banks and with Reserve Bank vendors if such vendor requires the information to
provide services to the Reserve Bank(s).
Banking Supervision and Regulation
The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Board) is a federal agency that is responsible for the
supervision and regulation of certain financial institutions and bank holding companies. The Board has delegated
some of these functions to Reserve Banks acting as agents of the Board.
As part of the delegated functions, the Reserve Banks receive personal information from financial institutions.
For example, Reserve Banks review consumer loan data as part of an examination of a bank. Reserve Banks may also
receive personal information about individuals who are involved in bank leadership in connection with
applications submitted by such bank for approval. In carrying out Board delegated functions, the Reserve Banks
are required to follow the Board’s data privacy policies.
Learn more about what personal information may be involved in
supervisory activities.
Fiscal Agent Services to the United States Department of the Treasury
The Reserve Banks act as fiscal agents to the U.S. Treasury to support its goals related to collecting,
disbursing, borrowing, investing and accounting for government funds.
In this capacity, the Reserve Banks collect, use and share personal information for the exclusive purpose of
providing such fiscal services, which include payment of government benefits and auctioning savings bonds to the
public. In carrying out these functions, the Reserve Banks follow Treasury’s data privacy and other
requirements.
See the list of privacy impact
assessments published by Treasury.
Financial Services
The Reserve Banks provide financial services to depository institutions such as banks, credit unions, and savings
and loans associations (together “financial institutions”). These services include acting as an
intermediary between financial institutions for clearing checks and Automated Clearing House payments and
electronically transferring funds.
The receipt and sharing of personal information is a necessary
aspect of the Reserve Banks’ provision of financial services. As financial intermediaries, Reserve Banks
come into possession of personal information, such as names, addresses and account numbers contained in payment
instruments and instructions provided by the financial institutions. In some instances a check or payment
instruction might also include a Social Security number or other more sensitive personal information. As
financial intermediaries, the Reserve Banks rely on the financial institutions to provide the personal
information used in the services and do not collect it directly from individuals. The Reserve Banks have no
control over the type or accuracy of personal information submitted by financial institutions. The Reserve Banks
pass payment instructions onto the next financial institution in the payment chain either directly or through
the financial institution’s designated agent/vendor. Such information may also be used in connection with
compliance activities and for other operational purposes related to payments processing.
Learn more about these financial services.
Lending
The Reserve Banks extend certain types of credit to financial institutions. This includes allowing short term
overdrafts on accounts (called “daylight overdraft”) as well as other lending programs
(called “Discount Window advances”).
Discount Window advances must be secured by collateral, and financial institutions can pledge collateral to avoid
charges incurred by their use of daylight overdrafts. The collateral pledged to a Reserve Bank may include
consumer loans (e.g., mortgage loans, auto loans). While the loans generally remain in the custody of the
financial institution borrowing from the Reserve Bank, the Reserve Banks require information about each of the
loans pledged as collateral. The consumer loan level information obtained for collateral purposes includes name,
loan number, loan amount and balance. If actual loan documentation is obtained for sampling or safekeeping
purposes, it will include all the information contained therein, which may also include Social Security numbers,
dates of birth and account numbers. Personal information obtained for the lending functions is used only to
support and facilitate these lending activities. Generally, the information is used for collateral verification
and valuation purposes. The personal information is shared internally to the extent necessary to support these
activities.
Learn more about these activities.
Research and Monetary Policy
The Research and Monetary Policy functions conduct independent economic research for publication in leading
academic journals and provide policy analysis in support of the Federal Reserve’s monetary policy mission.
Economic research and policy analysis are data-intensive activities that sometimes involve analyzing mostly
aggregate and/or de-identified personal information. The majority of this information is acquired from
third-party data providers who aggregate large volumes of financial data and make it available for purchase.
This information is generally anonymized through removal or obfuscation of select identifiers and its use is
subject to restrictions about re-identifying it. The Reserve Banks may also acquire information from other third
parties that specialize in aggregating publicly available data sources, such as the Bureau of Labor Statistics
or county tax records. This information is used for research purposes and for supporting the Reserve Bank
presidents in their monetary policy capacity associated with the Federal Open Market Committee. The Reserve
Banks are subject to strict use, confidentiality and sharing requirements with respect to this information.
Law Enforcement
Each Reserve Bank has its own Federal Reserve Law Enforcement officers responsible for protecting its facilities,
physical assets and staff.
In order to protect the people and assets of the Reserve Banks, Law Enforcement collects some personal
information from people who visit the Reserve Banks for business or other reasons. Such visitors may be required
to provide identifying information before being allowed access to Reserve Bank facilities. This information may
include name and information on a government issued ID. Some Reserve Banks also collect personal information for
the purpose of conducting background checks. This information is used to verify the identity of an individual
and determine whether such individual poses a threat to the security of the Reserve bank. Background checks are
conducted with the consent of the individual and will generally involve the sharing of personal information with
vendors engaged to perform screening and/or governmental agencies that conduct aspects of the screening.
Questions or Comments
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this notice or the Reserve Banks’ general privacy
practices, please use this form. We
only use the personal information you provide to respond to your question, comment or concern.
Questions or comments relating to Board delegated and fiscal agent functions should be directed to the Board of
Governors and the U.S. Treasury, respectively.
Privacy Policy
Personal Information
You may access and browse our site without disclosing your personal data.
The personal information you choose to provide us is voluntary. We do
not require you to provide any information about yourself that you do
not wish to share.The FRED Add-In for Microsoft Excel is a Microsoft Office add-in that allows users to import data directly into Excel from the FRED website. No personally identifiable information is collected.
You may choose to provide us with personal information if, for example,
you subscribe to our publications or mail lists, send us questions through
e-mail, answer our user surveys, register for an event or user account,
apply for a job or participate in our online activities.
If you participate in a user survey, your answers and personal information
will only be analyzed in aggregate. The information will be used to help
us tailor our web site, publications, and services to our users' needs
and to help us understand our audience.
If you provide us with your postal or e-mail address or telephone number,
this information will only be used for the purpose for which you provided
it, such as to:
Provide you with the publications or information requested;
Clarify your order or request;
Register you for a user account, conference or other event;
Respond to you regarding your job application;
Provide you with related information; or
Send you a token of appreciation through postal mail if you participate
in selected online activities.
We may also file your comments to improve the site, or review and discard
the information.
When you fill out our online forms, they are returned to us via electronic
mail. Your responses are not encrypted. We cannot guarantee the security
of information sent via electronic mail.
Cookies
A cookie is a text file that a web site can send to your browser and
which may then be placed on your computer. We may use cookies on this
site in the following ways:
To collect statistical information about our users in aggregate.
We perform analyses on our web server's log files to identify, among
other things:
Our site's most popular pages;
The browsers and operating systems most often used by our visitors;
The sites and search engines that have referred visitors to our
site; and
The domains from which our users visit us.
This analysis does not involve personally identifiable information.
It is used only for the purpose of helping us understand and better
meet our audience's needs.
A transient, memory-resident "cookie" may be invoked in certain cases.
For example, on the FRED site a cookie is required to remember your
selections as you move from page to page and enable FRED's functionality.
If you register for a Research user account, a cookie will be invoked
when you login to your user account. These cookies will disappear when
your browser is closed.
If you check the 'Stay logged in' option, the cookie will persist for a maximum of 2 weeks before another
login is required.
You are not required to register for a user
account to use this site.
Sometimes a third-party contractor will use cookies on one of the
sites they create and manage for us -- for example, our Job Opportunities
site.
Some aggregate web site analysis is performed for us by Google Analytics (http://www.google.com/analytics/), and may involve the use
of cookies set by Google. We also use Google Tag Manager (http://www.google.com/tagmanager/),
but have not implemented and do not use DoubleClick tracking cookies as part of that service. For Google's
Privacy policy, see http://www.google.com/privacy.html.
Our RSS feeds are routed via FeedBurner, which is owned by Google. For Google's Privacy policy, see http://www.google.com/privacy.html.
You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving
you the opportunity to decide whether to accept it or not. You can also
set your browser to not accept cookies at all. If you do so, however,
some areas of some sites (including ours) may not operate properly.
Disclosure of Information
Any information collected on this web site, whether individual or aggregate,
is for Federal Reserve use only. We do not rent, sell or share personal
information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except
under any of the following circumstances:
When we have your permission;
The Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis monitors this site for unauthorized
attempts to upload or change information, to defeat or circumvent security
measures, or to utilize this site for other than its intended purposes.
By using this site you expressly consent to such monitoring and you
are advised that if such monitoring reveals possible evidence of criminal
activity, we will provide the evidence of such monitoring to law enforcement
officials;
We retain the services of outside contractors to provide services,
including mailing list administration and our Job Opportunities pages.
We require that these contractors keep information obtained through
our web site secure and confidential. We also require that these contractors
use personal information obtained through our web site only on behalf
of the Federal Reserve.
We may be required to disclose your personal information to government
officials or otherwise as required by subpoenas, court orders, legal
process or other legal obligations and to establish or exercise our
legal rights or defend against legal claims. We will share information
in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities,
suspected fraud or as otherwise required by law.
If you are a member of the FRED Network and select the option to allow your profile to be viewable by the
public. By default this option is not selected, and your profile is not viewable by the public.
Submitting Content
"Content" is any material, including but not limited to writings,
artwork, photographs, designs, plans, information, suggestions, ideas,
data, questions or comments, submitted by you to the Federal Reserve
Bank of St. Louis through this site.
The Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis is under no obligation to use any Content submitted.
You may not submit Content that violates or infringes the rights of
others including, without limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret,
copyright, publicity or other proprietary rights.
You may not submit Content that is:
pornographic, obscene, X-rated or sexually explicit,
defamatory
racist, sexist or otherwise discriminatory or derogatory to any individual or groups
harassing or threatening
fraudulent, or
in violation of U.S. or state laws or regulations or Bank or System policy.
Any Content you submit will be considered to be non-proprietary and non-confidential.
The Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis will have no obligations of any
kind with respect to any Content you submit and users of the site will
be free to edit, reproduce, use, disclose, publish and/or distribute
any Content for any purpose whatsoever, without limitation.
You also agree that The Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis will be free
to use any ideas, concepts, artwork, inventions, developments,
suggestions or techniques embodied in the Content for any purpose
whatsoever, with or without attribution, and without compensation to
you.
Children
Our site is not directed toward children under 13. Nonetheless, we are
committed to comply with applicable laws and requirements, such as the
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. We do not knowingly collect
personal data from children under 13. Minor children should always obtain
parental consent before releasing personal information to any web site.
Information Security and Quality
We have implemented security measures consistent with our internal information
security practices to help us keep your information secure. These measures
include technical and procedural steps to protect your data from misuse,
access or disclosure, loss, alteration or destruction.
If you have voluntarily submitted personal information to us and wish
to review, update, correct or delete it, please email your request to
research@stlouisfed.org
Contact Information
Questions or comments about the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis's privacy
policy may be directed to our web site administrators at research@stlouisfed.org
or by writing to Public Affairs, the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis,
P.O. Box 442, St. Louis, MO 63166-0442.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE RESEARCH DIVISION NEWSLETTER
Subscribe
Research Division
Contact
Events
Careers
RSS
Legal and Privacy
One Federal Reserve Bank Plaza
St. Louis, MO 63102
Information for Visitors
follow @stlouisfed