https://resort.birdsong.com/privacy-policy-2/
Birdsong Resort Marina and Campground
Located on beautiful Kentucky Lake's scenic TN River
Home
Resort
About Birdsong
Map of Resort
Cottages
Community Center
Swimming Pool
Annual Leased Lots
Specialty Packages
Things To Do
Reservations
Resident Information Form
Marina
About Birdsong Marina
Boat Rentals
Marina & Slip Store
Service & Availability
Overnight Accommodations
Things To Do
If You Need Help
Fishing
Hunting
America’s Great Loop
Reservations
New & Used Boats
Resident Information Form
Campground
About Campgrounds
Campground Rates
Map of Resort
Things To Do
Reservations
Resident Information Form
Pearls
About Freshwater Pearls
Pearl Farm
Pearl Museum
Pearl Showroom
A Pearl Of A Tour
Catalog
About
History
Mission Statement
Photo Galleries
Informational Links
Informational Links
10 Day Forecast
Radar Image
Weather.com
KY Lake River Elevation
TVA Recreation Map
America’s Great Loop
Certificates
Events
Tours
A Pearl Of A Tour
Civil War Tours
Old Peckerwood Landing Nature Trail
Tournaments
Reservations
Media
Blog
Directions
Contact Us
×
Search for:
This policy covers user privacy, system security, and our information collection practices. This Privacy Policy Statement applies only to Birdsong.com and its sister websites and not to external links not owned or managed by Birdsong Resort Marina and Campground. We are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of other sites.
All the information users submit to this site is done on a voluntary basis. When a user clicks the “Submit” button on any of the Web forms found on our sites they are indicating voluntarily consent to the conditions outlined in this policy. We do not collect personally identifiable information (e.g., name, address, phone number, e-mail address) unless you provide it. In all cases, the information collected is used to respond to user inquiries or to provide services requested by our users. Any information provided through one of our Web forms is removed from Web servers within seconds, increasing the protection for this information.
We use information you send us by e-mail only for the purpose for which it is submitted (e.g., to answer a question, to send information). In addition, if you do choose to provide information, it is only used to respond to your request (e.g., addressing a package to send you pamphlets or booklets) or to provide a service you are requesting (e.g., email notifications). Information we receive by e-mail is disclosed to the public only pursuant to the laws and policies governing the dissemination of information.
No personally identifiable information is collected from users under the age of 13 unless voluntarily submitted as a request for information or services. The information collected is used to respond to user inquiries or to provide services requested by our users.
We use the information that we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different areas of our sites, and to help us make our sites more useful to visitors. This includes analyzing these logs periodically to determine the traffic through our servers, the number of pages served, and the level of demand for pages and topics of interest. The logs may be preserved indefinitely and used at any time and in any way necessary to prevent security breaches and to ensure the integrity of the data on our servers.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage to the information on our Web sites. Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the law.
We may share information received from its Web sites with Federal agencies. For example, if a breach of our IT security protections were to occur, the information collected by our servers and staff could be shared with appropriate law enforcement and homeland security officials.
Click HERE to download our Tourist Attraction map.
Click HERE to see the full, print version of the Pearl Tour Group Travel Info. Click HERE for tour packages and pricing. Click HERE to see current
water level
Click HERE to see
Johnsonville/Birdsong
Lake Elevations
Click HERE to download a
Boat & Motor
Credit Application
Search our website
Search for:
Cottage Rate Sheet
Request a free vacation guide, view our e-guide version, or download our iPad app.
255 Marina Road – 9 Miles North of Exit 133 on I-40 – Camden Kentucky Lake, Tennessee 38320-9699 Hours
Office Hours: 9am – 4:30pm – 7 Days A Week
Museum Hours: Open 7 days a week 10am to 4:30pm  CLICK HERE(731)584-7880 or (731)584-1996 – General Info/Guide Service/Rentals
(731)584-7880 or (731)584-1996 – Boat Sales/Pearl Tours
731.584.1996 – Bob’s Home “Land Line”
615.351.2628 – Bob’s Cell Phone
Email Bob
Since 1995 designed and hosted by Whitestone Services
Privacy Policy  |  Cancellation Policy
“[Spiritual Fullness in Christ]
So then, just as you received Christ Jesus as Lord, continue to live your lives in him,
rooted and built up in him, strengthened in the faith as you were taught, and overflowing with thankfulness.” — Colossians 2:6-7
. Powered by BibleGateway.com.
Copyright © 2020 Birdsong Resort Marina and Campground