https://resourcesunlimited.com/terms-of-use/
HOME
SOLUTIONS
EVENTS
BUY EPIC CREDITS
CONTACT US
CALL NOW
EPIC LOGIN
TERMS OF USE
Resources Unlimited respects the privacy of visitors to our web site. You control what personal information, if any, you share with us. You are not required to tell us who you are or to reveal any information about yourself.
Below is the information we collect and how we use it:
As with any web page, our web server collects your domain name, but not your e-mail address. This is standard data collected by all Internet servers. This information is used to measure and evaluate the use of our web site.
On our web site, we offer a contact form. This form allows you to easily interact with our company. We ask you to provide your email address so that we may answer your questions quickly and efficiently. We use this information internally to serve you and to conduct business with you. At no time do we sell or share your information outside of our company.
We do not disclose, sell, or make your name or address information available to any external individual or organization.
We are concerned about your privacy and we want to maintain the highest standards of confidence for our customers.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please email us at info@resourcesunlimited.com or call us at +1.833.909.1409.
Resources Unlimited
2680 Berkshire Parkway
Suite 110
Clive, IA 50325
Phone: +1.833.909.1409
Fax: 515.270.0694
Web: www.resourcesunlimited.com
E-Mail: info@resourcesunlimited.com
Legal Notice
Welcome to the Resources Unlimited web site. We publish information on the Internet as a service to our customers and to enhance public access to our information.
Resources Unlimited provides its service subject to the following Terms of Use.
Use of Copyrighted Materials
The content of the Resources Unlimited web site (https://www.resourcesunlimited.com) is protected by international copyright. The content of the Resources Unlimited web site may be reviewed, subject to the following restrictions:
The recipient may not derive income from the information itself.
In any material based on this information, the recipient agrees to acknowledge Resources Unlimited including copyright notice and trademarks.
No modifications are made to materials without the prior written permission of Resources Unlimited.
Content, images, and web page graphic designs are not to be reproduced without the prior written permission of Resources Unlimited.
Copyright Notice
Resources Unlimited Copyright Notice
Copyright © 2017 Resources Unlimited. All rights reserved.
Links
Resources Unlimited may provide, links to other World Wide Web sites or resources as a convenience for our customers. Because Resources Unlimited has no control over such sites and resources, use of such linked sites is at the user's own risk.
Resources Unlimited is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. Resources Unlimited shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
Disclaimer of Warranties
Resources Unlimited publishes information on the Internet to enhance public access to our information. Your use of the service is at your sole risk. the service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Resources Unlimited expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
Resources Unlimited makes no warranty that (i) the service will meet your requirements, (ii) the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable, (iv) the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the service will meet your expectations, and (v) any errors in the software will be corrected.
Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the service is done at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such material.
No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from Resources Unlimited or through or from the service shall create any warranty not expressly stated in this terms.
Limitation of Liability
Resources Unlimited shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the service; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the service; (iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iv) statements or conduct of any third party on the service; or (v) any other matter relating to the service.
Indemnity
Resources Unlimited, its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners, and employees, are indemnified from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of content, posted to or transmitted through the Resources Unlimited web site, the use of our web site, a violation of our Terms of Use, or a violation of any rights of another.
International Use
Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, Resources Unlimited complies with all local, state, national and international laws.
Customer Policies
Resources Unlimited is committed to providing exceptional customer service. We adhere to strict business policies that support our customers' interests. We maintain customer information in order to enhance our customer service.
Resources Unlimited
2680 Berkshire Parkway
Suite 110
Clive, IA 50325
Phone: +1.800.2748.1292
Fax: 515.270.0694
Web: www.resourcesunlimited.com
E-Mail: info@resourcesunlimited.com
DiSC Profile,™ Everything DiSC,® Five Behaviors of a Cohesive Team™ Powered by Everything DiSC and Powered by All Types™ are registered trademarks of John Wiley & Sons, Inc., or its affiliated companies.
CONTACT US
2680 Berkshire Parkway
Suite 110
Clive, IA 50325
Within the U.S.      833-909-1409
Outside the U.S.    515-278-1292
Hours | M – F:    8:00 – 5:00 CST
Powered by  Translate
CUSTOMER CARE NAVIGATION
BLOG
ORDERS & RETURNS
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
CONTACT US
© 2018 Resources Unlimited | All Rights Reserved