https://revive-uk.com/privacy-policy/
MENU
Home
Get a Quick Quote
Request a Call Back
Why Revive!
Why Revive!
Lifetime Ownership Guarantee
Special Offers
Your Repair
Your Repair
Bumper Scuffs
Paint Repairs
Alloy Wheels
Vandal Scratches
Stone Chip Repair
Aftercare Instructions
FAQs
Trade Solutions
Trade Solutions
Fleet Solutions
Dealership Solutions
Insurance Solutions
Trade Enquiries
Latest News
About Us
Values
The Team
Awards
Andrew Jordan Sponsorship
Head Office Careers
Contact Head Office
Franchise Opportunities
Careers
Latest update - we will remain open from 5th November. Click here to read more on what we are doing to keep you safe during the COVID-19 pandemic.
We come to you – no travel/no fuss - Stay safe
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Revive! UK Ltd is a private limited company incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 05115063, whose registered office is Chestnut Field House, Chestnut Field, Rugby, Warks CV21 2PD.
At Revive! we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our visitors to our website and we take seriously the protection of your privacy and confidentiality. In particular we want you to know that Revive! is not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes. In this privacy policy we have provided lots of detailed information on when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
Types of data we collect
Personal information means any information that may be used to identify you, such as your name, title, phone number or mailing address. In general, you can browse our website without giving us any personal information. We use several products to analyse traffic to this website in order to understand our visitors’ needs and to continually improve our site for them. We collect only anonymous, aggregated statistics. For example, we do not tie a specific visit to a specific IP address. However, there are additional activities on our site that require you to be registered. For example, to request a quotation or to enter some of our competitions.
In these instances, Revive! UK may collect the following information from you:
your name;
your contact details: postal address including billing and repair address, telephone numbers (including mobile numbers) and email address;
quotation requested and repairs carried out for you;
your marketing preferences;
your feedback and survey responses;
your location;
your correspondence and communications with Revive! UK: and
other publicly available personal data, including any which you have shared via a public platform such as Twitter feed or public Facebook.
This list is not exhaustive and, in specific instances, we may need to collect additional data for the purposes set out in this policy. Some of the above personal data is collected directly, for example when you request a quotation on our website or send an email to our customer services team. Other personal data is collected indirectly, for example your browsing activity. We may also collect personal data from third parties who have your consent to pass your details to us.
We also receive data from trusted parties who provide services to our customers under the Revive! brand such as our licenced franchisees.
Our Website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file containing information that a web site transfers to your computer’s hard disk for record keeping purposes and allows us to analyse our site traffic patterns and enhance your browsing experience. A cookie cannot give us access to your computer or to information beyond what you provide us. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies; consult your browser’s manual or online help if you want information on restricting or disabling cookies. If you disable cookies, you can still view the publicly available information on our web site but there may be some functions not available.
How we use your data
Revive! UK and trusted partners acting on our behalf uses your personal data
To provide services to you;
To make a tailored website available to you;
To manage any repairs that we have carried out for you;
To verify your identity;
With your agreement to contact you electronically about promotional offers and services we think may interest you;
To enable Revive! to manage customer service interactions with you; and
Where we have a legal right or duty to use or disclose your information (for example in relation to an investigation by a public authority or in a legal dispute).
Legal Basis
We are required to set out the legal basis for our processing of personal data. If a basis on which we process your personal information is no longer relevant then we shall immediately stop processing your data.
1. Information we process because we have a contractual obligation
When you buy a service from us or otherwise agree to our terms and conditions, a contract is formed between you and us. In order to carry out our obligations under the contract we must process the information you give us. Additionally, we may aggregate this information in a general way and use it to provide class information, for example to monitor our performance. We shall continue to process this information until the contract between us ends or is terminated by either party.
2. Information we process with your consent
In some circumstances such as when you browse our website or ask us to provide more information to you about our services you provide your consent to us to process your information.
Wherever possible we will attempt to obtain your specific consent to process this information. Sometimes you might give your consent implicitly such as when you send us a message to which you would reasonably expect a reply. Except where you give us your explicit consent we do not use your information in any way that would identify you personally. We will continue to process your information on this basis until you withdraw your consent or it can be reasonably assumed that your consent no longer exists.
3. Information we process on the basis of legitimate interest
The normal legal basis for processing customer data is that it is necessary for the legitimate interests of Revive! UK including;
selling and supplying our services to our customers;
protecting customers, employees and other individuals and maintaining their safety, health and welfare;
promoting, marketing and advertising our products and services;
understanding customers behaviours, activities, preferences and needs;
improving existing products and services and developing new products and services;
complying with legal and regulatory obligations;
handling customer contacts, queries and complaints;
fulfilling our duties to our customers, colleagues and other stakeholders.
Sharing data with third parties
In order to make certain services available to you, we may need to share your personal data with some of our service partners. These include our licenced franchisees and affiliates.
Revive! only allows its service providers to handle your personal data when we have confirmed that they apply appropriate data protection and security which means that they can only use your data to provide services to Revive! UK and to you, and for no other purpose.
Revive! UK Ltd may contact you via email to invite you to review any services and/or products you received from us in order to collect your feedback and improve our services (the “Purpose”). We use an external company, Trustpilot A/S (“Trustpilot”), to collect your feedback which means that we will share your name, email address and reference number with Trustpilot for the Purpose. If you want to read more about how Trustpilot process your data, you can find their Privacy Policy here. Revive! UK Ltd may also use such reviews in other promotional material and media for our advertising and promotional purposes.
How we keep your data secure
Revive! UK is committed to keeping your personal data safe and secure. Our security measures include:
encryption of data;
regular scenario planning and crisis management exercises to ensure that we are ready to respond to cyber security attacks and data security incidents;
security controls which protect the entire Revive! infrastructure from external attack and unauthorised access; and
internal policies setting out our data security approach and training for employees.
Links to other web sites
Our web site may contain links to information on other web sites. On websites that we do not control we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any of the information that you provide whilst visiting those sites. Those sites are not governed by this policy, and if you have questions about how a site uses your information, you’ll need to check that sites privacy statement.
Your rights
Our policy complies with UK law including that required by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). You can find out further information on your rights at www.knowyourprivacyrights.org.
At any time, you may review or update personally identifiable information that we hold about you. To obtain a copy of your information you may send us a request at support@revive-uk.com.
After receiving the request, we will tell you when we expect to provide you with the information, and whether we require any fee for providing it to you.
At any time, you can contact us and request that we correct any out of date or incorrect personal data that we hold about you free of charge.
You may send us a request at support@revive-uk.com.
If you wish us to remove personally identifiable information from our website, you may contact us at support@revive-uk.com. This may limit the service we can provide to you.
Contact information
If you have any questions about how Revive! UK uses your personal data that are not answered here, or you want to exercise your rights regarding your personal data, please email us at support@revive-uk.com
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office. Further information and contact details are available at www.ico.org.uk
Review
We may update this privacy notice from time to time as necessary. The terms that apply to you are those posted here on our website on the day you use our website.
This policy was last updated in June 2019.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about our use of cookies by clicking here.Accept Cookies