http://revolutiontea.com/policies/terms-of-service
HomeTea Shop Packing OptionsAll Products5 Count Samplers16 Count20 Count30 Count20 Count T-Pot50 Count60 CountTypes Of TeaBlack TeaGreen TeaOolong TeaWhite TeaHerbal TeaRooibos TeasOrganic TeaCaffeine FreeOther Tea ItemsIced Tea - NEWOrganic Samplers - NEWTea on Sale - NEWTea CollectionsTea GiftsCommercial SolutionsHot Tea DisplaysFeatured ProductAbout Revolution The DifferenceThe InfuserThe IngredientsThe PackagingAll About Tea Tea TypesTea TimelineTea ArticlesTea RecipesHow to Brew TeaContact
Home
Tea Shop
Types Of Tea
Organic Teas
Rooibos Teas
Herbal Teas
White Teas
Oolong Teas
Green Tea
Black Tea
Packaging Options
5 Count Samplers
16 Count
20 Count
30 Count
50 Count
60 Count
Other Tea Items
Iced Tea Bundles
Loose Leaf Teas
Tea Collections
Tea Gifts
Detox Teas
Dispensed Iced Tea
About Revolution
About Revolution
Tea Ingredients
Infuser Tea Bags
Testimonials
Packaging Options
All About Tea
All About Tea
Tea Articles
Tea Timeline
How To Brew Tea
Types of Tea
Contact
Log in
Log in
Search
My WishList
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
YouTube
Terms of service
Welcome to RevolutionTea.com and our affiliated sites (collectively, the "Site").
Revolution Tea, L.L.C. ("Revolution Tea", "we", "us" or "our") provides the content and services available on the Site to you subject to the following Terms and Conditions, our Privacy Policy and other terms, policies and guidelines which you may find throughout the Site in connection with certain functionality, features or promotions as well as customer service, all of which are deemed a part of and included within these Site Terms (collectively, the "Site Terms"). In addition, when you use any Revolution Tea service (e.g. Customer Reviews) or promotional program, you will be subject to the rules, guidelines, policies, terms and conditions applicable to such service or program, and they are incorporated into the Site Terms by this reference.
Revolution Tea reserves the right to change this Site and these terms and conditions at any time. We encourage you to check the date of our Site Terms each time you visit our Web site for any updates or changes. Accessing, browsing, or otherwise using this site indicates your agreement to all the terms and conditions in this agreement, so please read this agreement carefully before proceeding.
Use of this Site is not meant to serve as a substitute for professional medical advice. Revolution Tea encourages you to discuss the use of any goods, products or information received from this Site with your physician prior to using or relying on them. Your doctor should address any and all medical questions, concerns, and decisions regarding the possible treatment of any medical condition. Revolution Tea does not give nor intend to give any answers to medical related questions. We do not represent ourselves as physicians nor is this implied. If you are in need of medical attention, call your physician immediately.
Privacy
Please review our so that you may understand our privacy practices. If any conflict exists between the Site Terms and our Privacy Policy, the Site Terms will prevail (see the full Privacy Policy here). As a user, you herein consent to the collection and use of the information provided, including the transfer of information within the United States and/or other countries for storage, processing or use by Revolution Tea and/or our subsidiaries and affiliates.
Children
You may not use this Site if you are under the age of 13. Our Site is a general audience site that is not designed nor intended for children under the age of 13.
Accuracy of Information
We attempt to be as accurate as possible when describing our products on the Site; however, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we do not warrant that the product descriptions, colors, information or other content available on the Site are accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.
Products and Services for Personal Use
The products and services available on the Site, and any samples that we may provide to you, are for personal use only. You may not sell or resell any of the products or services, or samples that you purchase or otherwise receive from us. We reserve the right, with or without notice, to cancel or reduce the quantity of any order to be filled or products or services to be provided to you that we believe, in our sole discretion, may result in the violation of our Site Terms.
Intellectual Property
All information and content available on the Site and its "look and feel", including but not limited to trademarks, logos, service marks, text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, data compilations and software, and the compilation and organization thereof (collectively, the "Site Content") is the property of Revolution Tea, its affiliates, partners or licensors, and is protected by the United States and international laws, including laws governing copyrights and trademarks.
Limited License
Subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth in these Site Terms, we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, nonsublicensable and revocable license to access and use the Site and to view, copy and print portions of the Site Content for you own personal use (the "License"). The License is specifically conditioned upon the following: (i) you may only view, copy and print portions of the Site Content for your own informational, personal and non-commercial use; (ii) you may not modify or otherwise make derivative uses of the Site or the Site Content, or any portion thereof; (iii) any displays or printouts of Site Content must be marked "Copyright 2019, Revolution Tea LLC and its licensors. All rights reserved."; (iv) you may not remove or modify any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices that have been placed in the Site Content; (v) you may not use any data mining, robots or similar data gathering or extraction methods or take any action that may impose an unreasonable burden or load on our infrastructure; (vi) you may not use the Site or the Site Content other than for its intended purpose; and (vii) you may not reproduce, prepare derivative works from, distribute or display the Site or any Site Content (other than for page caching), except as provided herein. Except as expressly permitted above, any use of any portion of the Site or Site Content without the prior written permission of Revolution Tea is strictly prohibited and will terminate the License without prejudice to any other remedy provided by applicable law or these Site Terms.
Your unauthorized use of the Site or Site Content may also violate applicable laws including, without limitation, copyright and trademark laws and applicable communications regulations and statutes. Except as expressly stated in these Site Terms, you are not conveyed or granted, and nothing on the Site may be construed as conveying or granting any right or license, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, in or under any patent, trademark, copyright, or other intellectual or proprietary right of Revolution Tea or any third party. You expressly agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Revolution Tea against any liability to any person arising out of your use of the Site or Site Content or breach of the Site Terms.
Your Account
You may choose to register at our Site if you are 13 years of age or older. We reserve the right to limit participation in certain portions of the Site, particular programs or promotions to visitors 18 years of age or older. You agree to (a) provide accurate, current and complete information about you as may be prompted by any registration forms on the Site ("Registration Data"); (b) maintain the security of your password; (c) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data, and any other information you provide to us, and to keep it accurate, current and complete; and (d) accept all risks of and responsibility for unauthorized access to the Registration Data and any other information you provide to us. We reserve the right to refuse service and/or terminate accounts without prior notice if these Site Terms are violated or if we decide, in our sole discretion, that it would be in our best interests to do so.
If anyone knowingly provides any information of a false, untrue, inaccurate or incomplete nature, Revolution Tea will have sufficient grounds and rights to suspend or terminate the account in violation of this aspect of the Site Terms, and as such refuse any and all current or future use of Revolution Tea services, or any portion thereof.
User Content
When you transmit, upload, post, e-mail or otherwise make available text, graphics, images, or other materials ("User Content") on the Site, you are entirely responsible for such User Content. You expressly agree not to post, upload, distribute, store, create, submit or transmit to, through, or otherwise publish through the Site any User Content that: (a) is unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, suggestive, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory, fraudulent or otherwise objectionable; (b) would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, or that would otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national, foreign, or international law, including, without limitation, the regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any applicable rules of a securities exchange such as the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or NASDAQ; (c) may infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party; (d) impersonates any person or entity or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity; (e) is unsolicited promotions, political campaigning, advertising or solicitations, or any form of "spam"; (f) is private information of any third party, including, without limitation, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, Social Security numbers, credit card numbers and the like; (g) is or contains viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files; (h) is unrelated to the topic of the Site; or (i) is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Site, or which may expose Revolution Tea or its affiliates or its users to any harm or liability of any type.
Revolution Tea takes no responsibility and will not be liable for User Content and any other content provided by third parties, or for any loss or damage thereto. Revolution Tea is not liable for any mistakes, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography or profanity you may encounter at the Site. Revolution Tea is not liable for any statements, representations or User Content and does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of User Content. Revolution Tea reserves the right to remove, without notice, any User Content posted or stored on the Site if it violates these Site Terms or is otherwise unlawful or illegal.
Any violation of the foregoing violates these Site Terms and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the Site. Revolution Tea herein reserves the right to access, preserve and/or disclose member account information and/or content if it is requested to do so by law or in good faith belief that any such action is deemed reasonably necessary for:
compliance with any legal process;
enforcement of the Site Terms
responding to any claim that therein contained content is in violation of the rights of any third party;
responding to request for customer service;
protecting the rights, property or personal safety of Revolution Tea, its visitors, and users, including the general public.
Rights to User Content
By posting or distributing User Content, unless we indicate otherwise, you (a) grant Revolution Tea and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, transferable, irrevocable and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, distribute, publish, create derivative works from and publicly display and perform such User Content throughout the world in any media, now known or hereafter devised; (b) grant Revolution Tea and its affiliates and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with your User Content, if they choose to do so; and (c) represent and warrant that (i) you own and control all of the rights to your User Content, or you otherwise have the lawful right to post, upload, distribute, store, create, submit or transmit to, through, or otherwise publish User Content on the Site; (ii) your User Content is accurate and not misleading; and (iii) posting, uploading, distributing, storing, creating, submitting or transmitting your User Content does not violate these Site Terms and will not violate any rights of or cause injury to any person or entity. You further grant Revolution Tea the right to pursue at law or in equity any person or entity that violates your or Revolution Tea's rights in User Content by a breach of these Site Terms.
Your User Content and all content submitted by users will be considered and treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and Revolution Tea is under no obligation to treat your User Content and any other user content as proprietary information. Revolution Tea reserves the right to use User Content as it deems appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion, including for developing, manufacturing and marketing our products and services. Revolution Tea is under no obligation to offer you any payment for your User Content that you submit or the opportunity to edit, delete or otherwise modify your User Content once it has been submitted to us. Revolution Tea will have no duty to attribute authorship of your User Content to you.
If it is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that you retain moral rights (including rights of attribution or integrity) in your User Content, you hereby declare that (a) you do not require that any personally identifying information be used in connection with your User Content, or any derivative works of or upgrades or updates thereto; (b) you have no objection to the publication, use, modification, deletion and exploitation of your User Content by Revolution Tea or its licensees, successors and assigns; (c) you forever waive and agree not to claim or assert any entitlement to any and all moral rights of an author in any of your User Content; and (d) you forever release Revolution Tea, and its licensees, successors and assigns, from any claims that you could otherwise assert against Revolution Tea by virtue of any such moral rights.
Indemnification
You agree to release, defend, indemnify and hold harmless Revolution Tea, and its owners, directors, employees, agents, independent contractors, service providers and consultants from and against any third-party claims, damages, loss, liability, costs and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorney's fees) arising out of your use of the Site any any discussion forums on interactive areas contained herein, including without limitation any actual or threatened suit, demand, or claim made against Revolution Tea and/or its independent contractors, service providers, or consultants, arising out of or relating to your use of the Site, any information or materials you submit, your violation of these Site Terms, or your violation of the rights of any third party.
Hyperlinks
You are granted a limited, non-exclusive, personal, non-sublicensable and revocable right to create a text hyperlink to the home page of the Site for non-commercial purposes, provided that (i) such link does not portray Revolution Tea or any of its products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise defamatory manner, (ii) the linking site does not contain any adult or illegal material or any material that is offensive, harassing or otherwise objectionable, or associates us with undesirable products, services or opinions, (iii) such link or the linking site do not imply that we are endorsing that site or its services or products, (iv) such link does not misrepresent its relationship with us. You may not use a Revolution Tea logo or other proprietary graphic of Revolution Tea to link to the Site without the express written permission of Revolution Tea. Further, you may not use, frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any Revolution Tea trademark, logo or other proprietary information, including the images found at the Site, the content of any text, or the layout or design of any page or form contained on a page on the Site without Revolution Tea's express written permission.
The Site may contain links to third-party websites ("Third-Party Sites") and third-party content ("Third-Party Content") as a service to those interested in this information. You use links to Third-Party Sites, and any Third-Party Content, at your own risk. Revolution Tea does not monitor or have any control over, and makes no claim or representation regarding, Third-Party Content or Third-Party Sites. We provide these links only as a convenience, and a link to a Third-Party Site or Third-Party Content does not imply our endorsement, adoption or sponsorship of, or affiliation with, such Third-Party Site or Third-Party Content. We accept no responsibility for reviewing changes or updates to, or the quality, content, policies, nature or reliability of, Third-Party Content, Third-Party Sites, or websites linking to the Site. You should review applicable terms and policies, including privacy policies and data gathering practices, of any Third-Party Site, and make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any transaction with any third party.
Copyright Complaints
We respect the intellectual property of others. If you believe that material posted on the Site infringes upon any copyright that you own or control, or that any link on the Site directs users to another website that contains materials that infringes upon any copyright that you hold or control, you may file a notification of such infringement with our Designated Agent as set forth below:
Name of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement: Director of Content
Full Address of Designated Agent to Whom Notification Should be Sent: 220 S 9th Street, Phoenix, AZ 85034
Telephone Number of Designated Agent: 888-321-4738
Facsimile Number of Designated Agent: 602-393-4169
Email Address of Designated Agent: websiteinquiries@revolutiontea.com
Any notification must include the following information:
Identity of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or, if multiple works, a representative list of the copyrighted works that you claim have been infringed
Identification of the material that you claim is infringing and where it is located on the Site.
Your street or mailing address, telephone number and email address.
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner, or are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
Electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or of a person authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
We may give notice of a claim of copyright infringement to our users by means of a general notice on the Site, electronic mail to a user's email address in our records, or by written communication sent by first-class mail to a user's address in our records. We may also publicly post any claim of copyright infringement.
Repeat Infringer Policy
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and other applicable law, Revolution Tea has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at Revolution Tea's sole discretion, users who are deemed to be repeat infringers. Revolution Tea may also at its sole discretion limit access to the Site and/or terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.
Warranty Disclaimer
Except as expressly provided to the contrary in a writing by revolution tea, the site, the site content, user content, the materials contained therein, the products and the services provided on or in connection with the site are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. Revolution tea expressly disclaims all other warranties, express or implied, including without limitation implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement as to the products, services, information, site content, content and materials on the site. Revolution tea does not represent or warrant that the site, site content, user content, materials in the site, the products or the services are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free, and expressly disclaims any warranty or representation as to the accuracy or proprietary character of the site, the site content, user content or any portion thereof.
Revolution tea is not responsible for typographical errors or omissions relating to site content, pricing, text or photography. While revolution tea attempts to make your access to and use of the site, the site content, the products and the services safe, revolution tea cannot and does not represent or warrant that the site, site content or its server(s) are free of viruses or other harmful components; therefore, you should use industry-recognized software to detect and disinfect viruses.
Limitation of Liability
You waive and covenant not to assert any claims or allegations of any nature whatsoever against revolution tea, its affiliates, or their respective directors, officers, attorneys, employees or agents arising out of or in any way relating to your use of the site, the services, the site content, the products, the content or the materials contained in or accessible through the site, including, without limitation, any claims or allegations relating to the alleged infringement of proprietary rights, alleged inaccuracy of site content, or allegations that revolution tea has or should indemnify, defend or hold harmless you or any third party from any claim or allegation arising from your use or other exploitation of the site. You use the site at your own risk.
Without limitation of the foregoing, neither revolution tea nor any parties providing site content will be liable for any direct, special, indirect or consequential damages, or any other damages of any kind, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages, including but not limited to loss of use, loss of profits or loss of data, whether in an action in contract, tort (including but not limited to negligence) or otherwise, arising out of or in any way connected with the use of the site, the products, the services, the site content, the content or the materials contained in or accessible through the site, including without limitation any damages caused by or resulting from your reliance on any site content or other information obtained from revolution tea or accessible via the site, or that result from mistakes, errors, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or email, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission or any failure of performance, whether or not resulting from acts of god, communications failure, theft, destruction or unauthorized access to revolution tea's records, programs or services.
In no event will the aggregate liability of revolution tea, whether in contract, warranty, tort (including negligence, whether active, passive or imputed), product liability, strict liability or other theory, arising out of or relating to the use of the site exceed the greater of fifty united states dollars or any compensation you pay, if any, to revolution tea for access to or use of the site.
Because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, some of the above limitations may not apply to you.
You agree that no claims or action arising out of, or related to, the use of the site or these site terms may be brought by you more than one (1) year after the cause of action relating to such claim or action arose.
Disputes
With respect to any dispute regarding the Site, all rights and obligations and all actions contemplated by these Site Terms shall be governed by the laws of Arizona, without regard to its conflicts of law principles, as if the Site Terms were a contract wholly entered into and wholly performed within Arizona. You agree that all claims you may have against Revolution Tea arising from or relating to the Site will be heard and resolved in a court of competent subject matter jurisdiction located in Maricopa County, Arizona. You consent to the personal jurisdiction of such courts over you, stipulate to the fairness and convenience of proceeding in such courts, and covenant not to assert any objection to proceeding in such courts. If you choose to access the Site from locations other than Maricopa County, Arizona, you will be responsible for compliance with all local laws of such other jurisdiction.
Termination/Modification of License and Site Offerings
Notwithstanding any provision of these Site Terms, Revolution Tea reserves the right, without notice and in its sole discretion, without any notice or liability to you, to (a) terminate your license to use the Site, or any portion thereof; (b) block or prevent your future access to and use of all or any portion of the Site, Site Content, products or services; (c) change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Site, Site Content, products or services; and (d) impose limits on the Site, Site Content, products or services.
General
You acknowledge and agree that these Site Terms constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between us concerning your use of the Site, and supersede and govern all prior proposals, agreements, or other communications.
Revolution Tea reserves the right to change or modify any of the terms and conditions contained in these Site Terms, or any policy or guideline of the Site, at any time and in its sole discretion. Unless otherwise specified, any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting of the revisions on the Site, and your continued use of the Site will constitute your acceptance of such changes or modifications. You should review the Site Terms and its incorporated policies and documents from time to time to understand the terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Site. If you do not agree to any amended terms, do not use this site.
Nothing contained in these Site Terms shall be construed as creating any agency, partnership, or other form of joint enterprise between us. Our failure to require your performance of any provision hereof shall not affect our full right to require such performance at any time thereafter, nor shall our waiver of a breach of any provision hereof be taken or held to be a waiver of the provision itself. If any provision of these Site Terms will be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these Site Terms and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
If you have any questions regarding these Site Terms, please email us at websiteinquiries@revolutiontea.com
This website is for informational purposes only and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment.
Close (esc)
Popup
Use this popup to embed a mailing list sign up form. Alternatively use it as a simple call to action with a link to a product or a page.
Subscribe
Age verification
By clicking enter you are verifying that you are old enough to consume alcohol.
Enter
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Shop now