http://rhodesbakenserv.com/privacy-policy/
Rhodes Food Service
Careers
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to www.rhodesbakenserv.com and Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® include www.rhodesbakenserv.com and Rhodes Bake-N-Serv®. The Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® website is a Business site. By using the Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
TRUSTe Privacy Program
Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® is a licensee of TRUSTe Privacy Program. TRUSTe is an independent organization whose mission is to build users’ trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices. Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, we have agreed to disclose our information practices and have our privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, you should first contact us at customersatisfaction@rhodesbread.com. If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should contact TRUSTe at http://watchdog.truste.com/pvr.php?page=complaint. TRUSTe may serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns.
Collection of your Personal Information
Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
Name
Address
E-mail Address
Phone Number
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Rhodes Bake-N-Serv’s public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.
Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® website.
Use of your Personal Information
Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® and its affiliates. Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Rhodes Bake-N-Serv®, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Rhodes Bake-N-Serv®, in order to determine what Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Rhodes Bake-N-Serv®; and (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Rhodes Bake-N-Serv®, or the public.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Rhodes Bake-N-Serv®. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® website.
Use of cookies
The Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-parties cookies to report usage statistics of this site, deliver advertisements on and through the Service, and so on.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® pages or register with Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® site or services, a cookie helps Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® features that you customized. We use cookies for the following purposes: to enable certain functions of our products, to provide analytics, to store your preferences, and to enable advertisements delivery, including behavioral advertising.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® services or websites you visit.
Third-Party Analytic Collection
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise to third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example, using the contract form to make an inquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or site in the Google Display network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based upon someone’s past visits to this site. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with this policy and Google’s privacy policy.
We use Google Analytics’ 3rd-party audience data such as age, gender and interests to better understanding the behavior of our customers and work with companies that collect information about your online activities to provide advertising targeted to suit your interests and preferences. For example, you may see certain ads on this website or other websites because we contract with Google and other similar companies to target our ads based on information we or they have collected, including information that was collected through automated means (such as cookies and web beacons). These companies also use automated technologies to collect information when you click on our ads, which helps track and manage the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
You may opt out of the automated collection of information by third-party ad networks for the purpose of delivering advertisements tailored to your interests, by visiting the consumer opt-out page for the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ and edit or opt-out your Google Display Network ads’ preferences at http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/. Because those opt-out and preference control pages are specific to the individual browser used to visit it, and because that page is not operated by the Rhodes, we are unable to perform the opt-outs on your behalf.
We use the “visitor action pixels” from Facebook Inc (1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA, or, if you are based in the EU, Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland (“Facebook”)) on our website.
This allows user behavior to be tracked after they have been redirected to the provider’s website by clicking on a Facebook ad. This enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users. However, this data is stored and processed by Facebook, which is why we are informing you, based on our knowledge of the situation. Facebook may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes, in accordance with Facebook’s Data Usage Policy https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. You can allow Facebook and its partners to place ads on and off Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes.
The legal basis for the use of this service is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. You can object to the collection of your data by Facebook pixel, or to the use of your data for the purpose of displaying Facebook ads by contacting the following address: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads.
Facebook is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus guarantees compliance with European data protection legislation (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active).
Security of your Personal Information
Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® uses the following methods for this purpose:
Verisign
SSL Protocol
Verisign is an independent, third-party company engaged in the development of digital trust. Verisign provides authentication of the Internet services, digital identity, and intellectual property. By clicking on the Verisign logo, the Verisign website will serve up a web page that confirms that Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® is “Verisign Authenticated.”
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Children Under Thirteen
Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® by contacting us here:
www.rhodesbakenserv.com
customersatisfaction@rhodesbread.com
801-972-0122
Changes to this Statement
This Statement of Policy is effective June 25, 2018. Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® is protecting your information. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Information
Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® has not adhered to this statement, please contact Rhodes Bake-N-Serv® at:
Rhodes Bake-N-Serv
P.O. Box 25487
Salt Lake City, UT 84125
customersatisfaction@rhodesbread.com
801-972-0122
EFFECTIVE AS OF June 25, 2018.