http://ricehydro.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – Rice Hydro
Skip to content
Rice Hydro
Best by Test
Home Product PageHydrostatic Test PumpsDiaphragm Series Piston/Roller Electric Series High Pressure Pneumatic Triplex High Pressure Series Hydrostatic Test Pump Accessories
Manual Hand Operated Hydrostatic Test PumpsManual Hand Operated Hydrostatic Test Pumps
Post Hole DiggersDIRTDAWG-9HON-T DIRTDAWG-TM11 DIRTDAWG-CUB DIRTDAWG Pullers and Pounders DIRTDAWG Post Hole Diggers Accessories
Shoring PumpsShoring Pumps
Fire Hose Tester SeriesFire Hose Tester Series Fire Hose Tester Accessories
Product SupportProduct Manual Parts Breakdown and Schematics Technical Support FAQ’s How to Videos
Dealer Locator About UsTestimonials Privacy Policy
News Contact
Home Product PageHydrostatic Test PumpsDiaphragm Series Piston/Roller Electric Series High Pressure Pneumatic Triplex High Pressure Series Hydrostatic Test Pump Accessories
Manual Hand Operated Hydrostatic Test PumpsManual Hand Operated Hydrostatic Test Pumps
Post Hole DiggersDIRTDAWG-9HON-T DIRTDAWG-TM11 DIRTDAWG-CUB DIRTDAWG Pullers and Pounders DIRTDAWG Post Hole Diggers Accessories
Shoring PumpsShoring Pumps
Fire Hose Tester SeriesFire Hose Tester Series Fire Hose Tester Accessories
Product SupportProduct Manual Parts Breakdown and Schematics Technical Support FAQ’s How to Videos
Dealer Locator About UsTestimonials Privacy Policy
News Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement of RICE Hydro
Information about our Organization and Web site
Modern information and communication technologies play a fundamental role in the activities of an organization like RICE Hydro. We are based in United States.
Our principal activity is: Sales and Manufacturing of Hydrostatic Test Pumps and Post Hole Diggers and Shoring Pressure Pumps
Our privacy policy covers RICE Hydro and its Web site:
Organization Name: RICE Hydro, Inc.
Address: 3500 Arrowhead Drive
City, Zip: Carson City, 89706
State: Nevada
Country: United States
Controller: RICE Hydro
Web Sites(s): www.ricehydro.com
Providing Visitors with Anonymous Access
You can access our Web site home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data.
The services and links of our Web site
Our Web site does not enable our visitors to communicate with other visitors or to post information to be accessed by others. Our Web site does not include links to third party Web service providers.
Automatic Collection of Information
We do not automatically log personal data nor do we link information automatically logged by other means with personal data about specific individuals. We do not use cookies to store personal data nor do we link non-personal information stored in cookies with personal data about specific individuals.
Data Collection and Purpose Specification
We collect the personal data that you may volunteer while using our services. We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organizations. We do not collect or use personal data for any purpose other than that indicated in the table below. If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, we offer you the means to consent to this new purpose: by indicating in a box at the point on the site where personal data is collected.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children. We do not take specific steps to protect the privacy of children who disclose their personal data to us. We do not provide information about our personal data practices in relation to children on our home page, or at those sites on our Web site where we collect personal data.
Disclosure and Visitor Choice
We do not disclose your personal data to our subsidiaries or other organizations.
Confidentiality / Security
We do not give visitors to our Web site the option of using a secure transmission method to send us their personal data. We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from: unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorized modification, unlawful destruction or accidental loss.  All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors’ personal data. We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to State institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation.
Access to the personal data we may hold about you
You can ask us, by: calling this telephone number (1-775-885-1280)  whether we are keeping personal data about you. Upon request, which you can indicate by: calling this telephone number (1-775-885-1280).  We will provide you with a readable copy of the personal data which we keep about you, within a week.  Although, we may before require proof of your identity . We will provide the information without any charge. We allow you to challenge the data that we hold about you and, where appropriate, you may have the data: erased. We reserve the right to refuse to provide our visitors with a copy of their personal data, but will give reasons for our refusal. We do, however, allow you to challenge our decision to refuse to provide you with a copy of your personal data.
Privacy Compliance
There are no national laws or self-regulatory schemes applicable to our web site or organization. There are no global or regional regulatory or self-regulatory schemes applicable to our web site or organization. We cannot demonstrate that our privacy policy accords with the privacy instrument.
Privacy Support
If you have an inquiry or concern about our privacy policy, please contact:
Address : 3500 Arrowhead Drive, Carson City, NV 89706, United States
Phone Number : 1-775-885-1280
Request A Quote Request A Quote
Testimonials "Our new Dirtdawg works like a charm - we can take it almost anywhere.
The best thing about the Dirtdawg is it only takes one man to operate.
This machine is the best gas powered auger we have ever used."
"This Dawg hunts, and you can take that to the bank!"
L. Joe CoxCoggins Fence & Supply, Santa Rosa, CA "I have been selling the RICE Hydrostatic Test Pumps for over 13 + years, and I am very pleased with the Quality of their product.
That is something that I need as a Salesperson over the Internet.
In all of this time I have never had a customer complain about their order.
I have shipped the RICE Hydrostatic Test Pumps, Dirtdawg and the Hydraulic Power Packs all over the US and abroad.
One thing you know you will have is a Quality Product at a reasonable price.
Also as a side note their customer service ranks as Top Class!
Jimmy BusbeeYCP Corp. Jacksonville, AR "I called your office for parts today and after just a moment of searching for my account your tech department pointed out that this is the first time we have called for parts on a machine we bought in 1997.
How do you people stay in business?
You put MAYTAG to shame!"
"At Ventura Rental we age equipment in months, not years, so to have a piece that is over 110 months old is really, really rare.
But thanks for the parts.
I am sure they will be here in a day or two.
Like the Maytag repairman, I can wait.!"
"Thanks again for the quality product and service."
Ted CookVentura Rental Center -
Ventura, CA "We have been in the rental business since 1960 and have been renting RICE Hydrostatic test pumps since 1975.
We have several, including one from 1981 that is still working well.
We really never have had any problems with them."
Don Leiser
Don LeiserLeiser's
-
Bethlehem, PA "I have been a career firefighter with the Voorhees Fire District in New Jersey for the past 25 years.
I am writing this letter as a testimonial to the quality, durability, and reliability of the RICE Hydrostatic Test Pumps.
I am the head of the motor maintenance division; it has been my job to see that all our service hose is tested on an annual basis. I called in for parts on our units the other day and it was determined that our units are from 1988 and 1990.
I can honestly say over the past 23 years we have never had a breakdown or failure on either unit."
As the fire service has changed through the years, so has our hose size and type.
The durability and ease of use has made this time consuming and very important job so much safer for the firefighters.
In all the years of testing hose, the one time that we did NOT use a RICE Test pump, we had a firefighter injured and out of work for 6 months.
Thankfully said firefighter is doing well and is back on the job.
I have done some calculating and over a 23 year period we, at the Voorhees Fire District, have tested approximately 170,000 feet of service hose that is on our apparatus and that's not counting our spare hose which is also tested annually.
That's about 33 MILES of hose, with no break down or repairs on the units.
I say to anyone who is looking for a portable hose testing machine, look no further than the RICE Hydrostatic Test Pumps.
In my opinion there is no better machine; the quality and reliability is unsurpassed.
Kevin DunnVorhees Fire District - Oklahoma State University - Fire Service Training "We have hundreds of students from all accross Oklahoma that will receive training from this demonstrator unit throughout the year.
They will become familiar with all the benefits of testing fire hose with one of your machines rather than using an engine.
Your donation has helped us keep our students safe and reinforce proper safety procedure for them to take home to their departments."
Mark ButterfieldFirefighting Training Coordinator OSU Rice model ST-1, serial #0024, built and sold in Feb 1977, still in Rainbow's rental fleet in June of 2002....
"It was quite a surprise to find we had one of the original RICE Hydrostatic Test Pumps in our rental fleet.
This machine has been a reliable performer over the years, with no major breakdowns.
Our test pumps normally pay for themselves 3 - 4 times each year.
We have several in our fleet now.
RICE test pumps are the only brand that we would consider buying, as we appreciate the dependability of quality machines."
Duane H. SemonRainbow Rentals Phoenix, AZ Original DE-2 in service with a contractor for over 20 years....
"Over 20 years ago, we purchased a RICE Hydro Test Pump, model DE-2.
It has been a very trouble-free pump and has given us very good service, as we are a general contractor who installs water lines almost year round."
"We have had to perform minimal repairs on the pump and when we did need to do repairs, the pump was very simple to work on.
Our maintenance records indicate that the only parts we ever needed was a repair kit with piston cups and O-rings, which were readily available."
"Most important of all, is that when we needed help from your company, your staff was always willing to provide us with the assistance we needed.
We never had to wait for an answer, therefore our down-time was minimal."
"We would recommend the purchase of this pump to anyone."
Harvey TumaB-D Construction Inc. Columbus, NE One of the first TR-4 high-pressure test pumps built, sold into a rental in 1986....
"We purchased our TR-4 pressure pump in 1986.
We have received 190 rentals (thru 2002) off of this unit and only spent $554.46 on repairs.
Our main rentals on it were for pressure testing of pipelines and other common construction applications.
The unit was very low maintenance which is rare.
If it went out on rent we knew it was not coming back till our customers job was done.
We wish all rental equipment was this dependable.
We will definitely be buying from you in the future."
Jason MakiRentco Equipment LTD Alberta, Canada "I just wanted to Thank You for all of help. Not only did your Product work Great but I had the opportunity to release some Stress. I was requested to check the burst pressure on two 7 plate stainless steel oil coolers. They blew around 1600psi and I could not have done it without your help.
Great Product and even better Customer Support."
Roger BaughmanDetroit Radiator A great, effective way to pull t-posts. Normally we would have to use a tractor on the barrier beach to pull these posts which can be buried with 4 feet of sand in one storm. It is a noisy, disruptive two-person job. With this puller, I was able to pull 20 posts, by myself, in the same amount of time it would have taken the tractor to do the same work. No fuss, no noise!
Chris Kennedy Excellent product of great quality as described, and very fast delivery.
Fabian VERY impressed with the quality of this item. It's also nice to get a personal note from the seller.
Lou I have never left feedback, but with the outstanding customer service and the product being exactly what was advertised. I had to say it is very good to find someone living up to what they advertise.
Jerry Quality item, arrived really fast, within a week. Are willing to help if there are any problems!
Thomas After years of pulling posts by hand...this is an incredible product. It makes post pulling a breeze!!! Thank you!
Michele Saved me so much work... any other tool (except my tractor) and I would still be pulling posts. (Actually, including the tractor, because I would have to get it all set up and then put it all away ... so I would definitely still be out there.
William I'm very happy with this item. Exactly as described. It will do a great job pulling posts out.
Anderson Impressive, well made Post Hole Puller!
For years I dug out posts by hand. I was told that there was a tool for that. I went from spending half an hour to dig out a post to 5 minutes. The sales gal included a nice hand written note on the packing slip asking me to call them if I had any questions, which I did not since the tool was so easy to use. Thank you so much for saving me so much time with such an impressive, well-made tool.
Steven Sorry it took a while to send a review, crazy times we are living in! I ordered my product through Amazon. In doing a search I was looking for a quality post pounder with a decent amount of weight and more importantly, thicker handle. I took me awhile weeding through obviously inferior pounders. I ordered from your company based on the pictures and product description. I was NOT disappointed in the least! Handles are great and the welds are of high quality. I will certainly recommend to my fellow foreman. I do wish there had been an option to pay for faster shipping. Also, once I received the product, I went to your web site and could not easily find the product. I hope this review is helpful.
Thank you
Andy Leighton "We have had a couple of Rice Hydrostatic Test Pumps over the years. We purchased one in late November of 1994 and it's still running to this day. The unit has gone out on well over 100 rents over the years. We pride ourselves on our maintenance and reliability. The DPH2B has help us provide our customers with a reliable product and the dependability they would expect from us.
Unprecedented reliability and a lack of down time meant we were happy to come back and get another unit to add to our fleet almost 24 years later."
J.T. NuttContractors Rental Company - Des Moines, Iowa "I just purchased my second EL1 Hydrostatic Test Pump from Rice Hydro."
Steve AshbaughHydro Fire Protection Just wanted to thank you and your crew for producing such a great product.
We’ve been using this on a 30 degree slope (had to tether the machine and haul it up the slope with a block and tackle). Auguring though glacial till (tons of rock) without a hitch.
I’m so impressed I’m going submit reviews to FineHomeBuilding and JLC magazines.
Makes digging holes ‘fun’
Andy ChalmersAndrew Chalmers Building Services My Name is Adam Abzakh Sole Owner Quick Response Fire Service’s Co. I have been in the fire service business for over 20 years and since I started my company I have owned a Rice fire pump and for over 20 years, my pump has never stopped working and the only maintenance I did to the pump is grease it 2 times a year, what I like about the rice pump is that there’s  no small or big job the pump cannot handle, with the  pump I hydro sprinkled houses underground pipes and hydro overhead sprinklers, the speed it pumps the system is second to none. It is an awesome pump.
Adam Abzakh , Quick Response Fire Service Co.Adam Abzakh , Quick Response Fire Service Co. "The RICE Hydro MTP-15 hand pump is a compact well-made pump that met our high-pressure requirements without breaking our budget. It was an easy choice. Thank you for the support RICE Hydro!"
Carl PigeonUniversity of Toronto Rocketry Team Sponsorship "Every once in a while something comes along that seems to make our lives a little easier.
A tool that seems simple enough, but over time, becomes so indispensable that we can no longer imagine life without it; you know some of these tools: calculator, computer, cash register…., insulated boots, leather gloves, cordless drill.
Initially, those ideas seem so insignificant that blue-collar workers can become concerned with spending the money for a tool that only does one thing.
A calculator only does arithmetic, a power drill only turns bits…and the RICE Hydro auger “Dirt Dawg” digs holes; and boy does it ever dig!"
It’s evident to me that the Dirt Dawg is engineered and manufactured by the people who are using it in the field.
It’s sleek, sturdy and simple; obviously made of quality materials.
Whenever I see this type of construction I know the manufacturer built it to last.
One man or woman can quickly and effortlessly get the Dirt Dawg and be at the job site in a matter of no time; once there, they can fire up the easy start motor and immediately begin punching perfect holes to any depth.
The simple controls give the operator complete and immediate control of speed and precision.
Again, I say this will only take one person.
This tool has given us drastic improvement in safety, which any manager knows, a safe workplace and safe equipment is the most important job at any site.
It is always paramount to make sure no person ever gets hurt.
Here at Makoshika State Park in Glendive, Montana, we live and work amongst all terrain and soil types and the Dirt Dawg has readily handled every job we have put to its test.
In fact, the impetus of our needing this tool is our never-ending need to build recreational trail bridges within some of America’s most inhospitable terrain.
Having our new RICE Dirt Dawg will make areas and projects that were previously thought of as too difficult and challenging a lot more practical and attainable.
In the short time that I have used our Dirt Dawg, and been able to witness the ease of use, safety features, great power and its versatility.
I cannot imagine why any landscaping business owner, golf course groundskeeper, fencing business, equipment rental shop, farmer, rancher, or a parks and recreation department would not want to purchase this tool and keep it in their own cadre of essential equipment.
Thank You for engineering and manufacturing a great quality tool RICE Hydro, Inc. I take satisfaction in knowing that we have the Dirt Dawg to help us meet the strict demands of our job in a safe, efficient, and precise manner.
Ryan SokoloskiMakoshika State Park  "My name is Greg Collett, owner of Arrow Rents Inc., in Montgomery, AL. We are a general equipment rental company serving the River Region since 1954.Taking care of small to medium size contracting companies to the homeowner/weekend warrior has been our bread and butter and as such we are continually looking for quality equipment to provide. We have rented and sold a handful of solid, well-made posthole diggers, both one and two man versions, over our fifty plus years. All from well-established and well thought of manufacturers who we have no problem or complaint with. So I wasn't really looking for a new provider when I ran across RICE Hydro's DirtDawg one man unit at the ARA Show. I was impressed with the simple and straight forward design and the well-built construction and similarly impressed with the knowledgeable staff in their booth. I purchased the unit and put it into rental right away. I am pleased to share that on our first unit we have collected over $12,000 in rental against a meager $165.00 in maintenance costs and never have we had to make a service call or infield repair. Also, our customers request the "red" one-man machine and are willing to wait even if our other units are out earning income, while we have other manufacturers in the yard and available."
Greg CollettArrow Rents, Montgomery, AL "I just dug 5,225 twelve inch diameter, three foot deep holes in rocky/clay soil, 2800 feet high in the Rocky Mountains.
I rented the Dirtdawg.
After a while, I bought my own.
I'll probably never buy another.
Don't need to.
This one still runs like new.
Next year I have another 31,000 holes planned."
Dr. Paul BachMontan Pinot Fence Missoula, MT "The Dirtdawg has been a great asset to our farm and vineyard.
I think we've only put in about 1200 posts - but it sure makes the task a bunch easier.
We'd always used a 3-point auger on our tractor (which was OK for mostly level ground).
We've found that your digger is great on our hill property.
Our only problem was figuring out how to slow it down so that we didn't have to "run" to keep up with it between locations!"
"We love the digger!"
John & Jayna GuehlstorffPony Creek Farm Lewis Township - Council Bluffs, IA
Search Our Products
Email Us Email
WARNING
This product can expose you to chemicals including lead and lead compounds, which are known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm. Form more information go to: https://www.p65warnings.ca.gov
RICE Hydro, Inc. 3500 Arrowhead Drive
Carson City, NV 89706
United States
Contact Us via Phone800.245.4777
775.885.1280Email Rice Hydro, Inc.rice@ricehydro.com
Translate:
Copyright 2019 RICE Hydro | Website by eN Vogue Marketing
Go to Top