https://riseadvisors.ca/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Rise Group
Email: info@riseadvisors.ca
Phone: 604-936-4377
Client Portal
Careers
MENUMENUCOVID-19Services
Accounting & Assurance Accounting & Assurance
Taxation Taxation
Business Advisory Business Advisory
Assurance & AccountingAccounting & Assurance
Compilation Financial Statements
Review Financial Statements
Auditing
TaxationTaxation
Corporate Tax
Tax Compliance
Tax Planning
International Tax
Sales Tax
Strategic Tax Structuring
US and Canadian Personal Tax
Business AdvisoryBusiness Advisory Services
Succession Planning
Estate Compliance
Estate Planning
Business AdvisoryBusiness Improvement
Business Diagnostic
Strategic Planning
Business Improvement Initiatives
Analytics and Reporting Solutions
Technology Advisory
Profitability Modelling
Pre-Acquisition Preparation
Post-Acquisition Integration
Business AdvisoryTransaction Advisory
Divestitures
Acquisitions
Mergers & Joint Ventures
Investment Structuring
Other Transactions
ResourcesBlogAbout UsContact UsClient PortalCareers
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Rise CPA is committed to protecting privacy and the confidentiality of all client information. As a professional services organization, we are already governed by a comprehensive Professional Code of Ethical Principles and Rules of Conduct that binds us to confidentiality and restricts disclosure of information without client consent. To stay in step with the B.C. Personal information Protection Act (PIPA), we have taken extra measures to safeguard the collection, use and disclosure of personal information in our possession as required by the Act (effective November 3, 2004). These are detailed in this Privacy Policy.
Accountability
Rise CPA is responsible for all personal information under its control and has designated one or more persons within the firm who are accountable to Rise CPA senior management for Rise CPA’s compliance with this Privacy Policy. Any personally identifiable information about an individual is considered personal information and will be treated in accordance with this Policy. Rise CPA’s Privacy Officer is Ken Richardson (Managing Partner) who can be reached at 604-936-4377 or privacy@risecpa.ca.
Identified Purposes
Rise CPA only collects uses and discloses personal information for the following purposes:
To comply with the law, or requests of law enforcement agencies or regulators
To offer services provided by Rise CPA
To notify individuals of changes to the law, accounting practices, articles or pronouncements that we feel would be of value
For inclusion on personal and corporate income tax returns, and other information returns required by Canada Revenue Agency (CRA), WEB or other governmental or regulatory agencies
When personal information is to be used or disclosed for a purpose not previously identified, the new purpose will be identified and new consent requested, unless the new purpose is permitted or required by law. For specific information on these exclusions, please contact the Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner of BC at 1-250-387-5629 (toll free via Enquiry BC at 604-660-2421 in Vancouver, or 1-800-663-7867 outside of Vancouver) or visit their website at www.oipc.bc.ca
Consent
Knowledge and consent of Rise CPA’s collection, use and disclosure of personal information is critical in allowing us to provide services and complete engagements. We rely on certain actions as indications of consent to our existing and future personal information practices. This includes written, oral or electronic consent obtained in the course of performing our responsibilities or completing our engagements. In determining the appropriate form of consent, Rise CPA will take into account the sensitivity of the personal information and reasonable expectations of all parties. There are some exceptions to obtaining consent for collecting, using or disclosing personal information without knowledge or consent. These are specified in the PIPA Act. For information on these exclusions, please contact the Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner of BC at 1-250-387-5629 (toll free via Enquiry BC at 604-660-2421 in Vancouver, or 1-800-663-7867 outside of Vancouver) or visit their website at www.oipc.bc.ca/ Subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice, your consent may be withdrawn at any time. In some cases, refusing to provide personal information or withdrawing consent for Rise CPA to collect, use or disclose personal information could mean that we cannot provide services that are requested. To withdraw consent, please contact the Rise CPA Privacy Officer at 604-936-4377 or privacy@risecpa.ca
Limiting Collection and Retention of Personal Information
Rise CPA will only collect, use or disclose personal information that is necessary in the identified purposes, or as required by law, and only will collect personal information by fair and lawful means.If we use your personal information to make a decision that directly affects you, we will retain that personal information for at least one year so that you will have a reasonable opportunity to request access to it. Otherwise, we will retain your personal information only so long as necessary to fulfill the identified purposes for which it was collected, or if required for legal or business purposes.
Accuracy
Rise CPA will maintain personal information as accurate, complete and up to date as is necessary for the identified purposes.
Safeguards
Rise CPA will protect personal information by security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. Safeguards will vary depending on the sensitivity, location and storage of the personal information but will include protection against such risks as loss or theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, modification or destruction, regardless of the format in which it is held. These include but are not limited to confidentiality agreements signed by sub-contractors, password protection on computers, firewalls, encrypted software, building alarm security and confidentiality agreements signed by all employees.
Openness and Access
Rise CPA will make specific information about its policies and procedures relating to the management of personal information readily available. We will provide information about the existence, use and disclosure of personal information on request, and will give access to that information.
Challenging Compliance
The accuracy or completeness of personal information may be challenged and amended as appropriate at any time, as may Rise CPA’s compliance to this Privacy Policy. Rise CPA may need to confirm identity by confirming personal information in our possession or requiring certain requests in writing. Inquiries or complaints may be directed to the Rise CPA Privacy Officer at privacy@risecpa.ca, or to the Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner of BC at 1-250-387-5629 (toll free via Enquiry BC at 604-660-2421 in Vancouver , or 1-800-663-7867 outside of Vancouver) or visit their website at www.oipc.bc.ca
Stay Connected
Sign Up to Receive Our Latest News
©2020 Rise CPA Inc. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy • Site Map • Created by 604Media