https://risk-assessment-products.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Search
Categories
Fire Safety Supplies
All Fire Safety Supplies
Fire Alarm Systems Equipment
Fire Blankets
Fire Extinguishers
Fire Hoses & Standpipes
Fire Site Points
Firechief Retail Packs
Fire Safety Equipment
Fire Fighting Equipment
Fire Storage & Protection
Fire Training Simulators
Emergency Lighting
Fire Door Furniture & Protection
Servicing Equipment
Welding Protection Materials
Defibrillators
All Defibrillators
AED Cabinets & Cases
Physio Control AED's
AED Cases and Backpacks
AED Trainers
Cardiac Science AED's
CU Medical Defibrillators
Defibtech AED's
Heartsine PADS AED's
Mediana Defibrillators
Philips Heartstart AED
Primedic Heartsave AED
Schiller Defibrillators
ZOLL Defibrilators - AED Plus & Pro
Defisign AED
CPR & AED Training DVD
AED For Medical Professionals
AED's for Offices
AED For Schools
AED for Sports Clubs
AED Defibrillator Signs & Posters
AED Preperation Kit
Resuscitation Accessories
CPR Training Manikins
All CPR Training Manikins
Brayden Manikins
Prestan Manikins
Simulaids Choking Manikins
Airway Management Training
Ambu Man Manikins
Laerdal Manikins
CPR & AED Training DVD
Health & Safety DVDs
All Health & Safety DVDs
Asbestos Awareness
Coshh
Driving
DSE
Environmental
Essential Safety Training Collections
Food Hygiene Guidance
Heights
Homeworkers
Health and Safety DVD
Introduction Training DVDs
Lift, Truck & Warehouse
Manual Handling Training
Multi-Lingual DVDs
Noise
Office Safety
PPE
Risk Assessment
Slips, Trips & Falls
Spill Prevention
Software & Manuals
Training Information Packs
Fire Safety DVD
Storage Lockers
All Storage Lockers
Compartment Lockers
Garment Lockers
Personal Effects Locker - Floor Standing
Personal Effects Lockers - Wall Mountable
School Lockers
Space Saving Lockers
Workwear Lockers
PPE Lockers
Scales & Measures
All Scales & Measures
Baby Scales
Flat Scales
Measuring Stations & Column Scales
Professional Fitness Scales & Measures
Kitchen Scales
Multifunction and Wheelchair Scales
Storage Cabinets & Cupboards
All Storage Cabinets & Cupboards
Cabinets
Cupboards
Cloakroom Equipment
Fire Storage Equipment
Grit Storage Bins - Yellow
Sack Trucks
Secure Tool Storage
Turntable Truck
First Aid
All First Aid
Blanket
Cleaning & Hygiene
Complete First Aid Room
First Aid Boxes & Bags
First Aid Kits
First Aid Posters
Medical Equipment
All Medical Equipment
Couches, Plinths & Chairs
Waste Containment Bins
Commode Chairs & Toilet Aids
Diagnostics and Monitoring
Hospital & Care Home Beds
Medical Screens & Frames
Overbed & Overchair Tables
Stretchers
Surgical, Linen & Cylinder Trolleys
Transfusion Poles
Wheelchair & Evacuation Chairs
Safes
All Safes
Deposit Safes
Fire Files
Fire Safes
Gun Safe
Key & Cash Boxes
Letterbox
Security Safes
Treatment & Therapy Rooms
All Treatment & Therapy Rooms
Portable Therapy Couches
Stools
Treatment Trolleys
Treatment & Therapy Couches
Bins & Waste Containment
All Bins & Waste Containment
Sackholders
Sanitary & Nappy Bins
Fire Safety Software
Popular Brands
Risk Assessment Products
Firechief
seca
Phoenix
Prestan
Armorguard
Philips
Defibtech
Cardiac Science
CU Medical
View All
Recent Posts
The global COVID-19 pandemic has meant that thousands of charities have
not been able to raise any
…
read more
11th Dec 2020 Christopher Maltby CW
The heart has an electrical system that controls the pace it beats at and the rhythm of your heartbe
…
read more
30th Nov 2020 Christopher Maltby CW
A heart attack and a sudden cardiac arrest are two different conditions which are often confused wit
…
read more
28th Nov 2020 Christopher Maltby CW
Home
Help Centre
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective date: May 21, 2019
Risk Assessment Products ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://risk-assessment-products.co.uk website (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://risk-assessment-products.co.uk
Definitions
Service
Service is the https://risk-assessment-products.co.uk website operated by Risk Assessment Products
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User)
Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or the instructions provided in any email we send.
Usage Data
We may also collect information on how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Risk Assessment Products uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Risk Assessment Products legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
Risk Assessment Products may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden by your rights
For payment processing purposes
To comply with the law
Retention of Data
Risk Assessment Products will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Risk Assessment Products will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United Kingdom and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United Kingdom and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Risk Assessment Products will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Risk Assessment Products may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Risk Assessment Products may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Risk Assessment Products
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Your Data Protection Rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Risk Assessment Products aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Risk Assessment Products relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Behavioral Remarketing
Risk Assessment Products uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimise and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google Ads (AdWords)
Google Ads (AdWords) remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customise the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on - https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout - for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Bing Ads Remarketing
Bing Ads remarketing service is provided by Microsoft Inc.
You can opt-out of Bing Ads interest-based ads by following their instructions: https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
You can learn more about the privacy practices and policies of Microsoft by visiting their Privacy Policy page: https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/PrivacyStatement
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
Stripe
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://stripe.com/us/privacy
PayPal / Braintree
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: sales@risk-assessment-products.co.uk
OK