http://rncasemanager.com/privacy-disclaimer.asp
RNCaseManager Privacy Policy and Disclaimer
Home
Help
PRIVACY
POLICY
Privacy
Notice Table Of Contents:
Our
Commitment To Privacy
Types
of Information We Collect
How
We Use Information
Our
Commitment To Data Security
Links
to other Websites
Our
Commitment To Children's Privacy
How
To Access Or Correct Your Information
How
To Contact Us
RNCaseManager.com's
Privacy Commitment
RNCaseManager.com
is committed to safeguarding your privacy online.
We want to provide a safe, secure experience for all
of our users. Our Policy is based on the principles
of notice, choice, access, and security. This applies
to the collection and use of information pertaining
to all visitors to our site and their activities.
Our commitment to you is that we will use our best
efforts to ensure that the information you submit
to us remains private, and will only be used for the
purposes described herein
This policy applies to all information collected or
submitted on the RNCaseManager.com website.
General
Information We Collect and Usage:
GENERAL INFORMATION:
For all parties that visit our site, we gather information
such as which pages users access, which pages are
most frequented, what browsers are used, IP addresses,
and what services are most used. We only use this
information anonymously. We do not share this information
with any Third Party.
IP ADDRESSES: IP addresses and/or domain names are
only logged for system diagnosis and administration
purposes only. We do not link IP addresses to anything
personally identifiable.
COOKIES:
Our site uses cookies to optimize usage of the site
for our visitors. Cookies are small text files that
your Web Browser places on your computer's hard drive.
Our Employer Services, Resume, and Forum sections
of our site use cookies. The cookies are primarily
used for security purposes and to make navigation
of the secure sections of the site less burdensome
to the user. They also allow for a more personalized
site experience for our forum users.
E-MAIL: Throughout
our site, there are e-mail links for sending us a
message. This provides us with the e-mail address
of the sender. The user's e-mail address is used for
no other purpose but to contact or respond to the
user's request/ question. Our Job Posting page allows
users to either e-mail the particular job listing
to a friend or to the employer for that job listing.
Our Resume search page allows an interested employer
the opportunity to e-mail the individual who posted
the resume. Our Forum section has e-mail links that
allow registered Forum users to e-mail other Forum
users for such actions as responding to a topic post.
We use the collected e-mail addresses for no other
purpose other than as indicated. Your e-mail address
and message remains confidential unless you specifically
give us permission to do otherwise.
Specific
Areas of Site; Information Collection and Usage:
EMPLOYERS
AND EMPLOYER REGISTRATION:
We collect both required and optional information
that is part of the employer registration form. This
information includes Employer type of business, Employer
name, address, contact information, billing information,
and contact e-mail. This information is used strictly
for correspondence between us and the registered user.
This information is kept confidential and not shared
with any outside firm. This information is password
protected from viewing by anyone other that the registered
user and RNCaseManager.com
JOB
POSTINGS: Information related to specific job postings
are placed by employers on the website. This information
includes specifics related to the job posting as well
as information about the employer such as name, address,
and contact information. This information is available
to any user of the site. Other than making the information
available for viewing, we do not share this information
with outside firms in any other manner except where
required by law. We have provided a e-mail link that
allows Jobseekers to forward a copy of the job posting
to a friend.
JOBSEEKERS
AND RESUMES: We collect both required
and optional information that is part of the online
resume worksheet submission. This includes such information
as Jobseeker's name, address, phone, desired work
location, job desired, contact e-mail, educational
experiences, work experiences, and various other kinds
of detail. This information is kept in password-protected
areas of the website and obtainable by only the Jobseeker
who posted the information, RNCaseManager.com and
in part, Registered Employers. Registered Employers
may review resumes but Jobseeker names are not shown
(The resume displays the Jobseeker I.D. instead of
a name). Interested employers can only obtain Jobseeker
names through a request for that information to the
Jobseeker themselves. Jobseeker names are kept confidential
and not released by us to anyone.
FORUM:
We collect user names, country, e-mail address, and
instant message service from those users wanting to
post or respond to Forum Topics. All of this information
is available to other users of the Forum. RNCaseManager.com
does not share this information with any Third Party.
Finally,
we never use or share the personally identifiable
information provided to us online in ways unrelated
to the ones described above without also providing
you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit
such unrelated uses.
We
may disclose information in response to legal and
regulatory requirements or if we believe, in good
faith, that such disclosure is legally required or
necessary to protect the rights of others or to prevent
harm
Our
Commitment To Data Security
To
prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy,
and ensure the correct use of information, we have
put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and
managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the
information we collect online.
Links
to other websites
Throughout
our site, you will find links to other sites. It is
our belief, that these links lead to sites that many
of our users will find useful. However, these sites
are outside the control of RNCaseManager.com. We caution
our users to review these sites' policies before revealing
any personal information as they may apply different
rules to the collection, use, and disclosure of this
information.
Our
Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting
the privacy of the very young is especially important.
For that reason, we never collect or maintain information
at our website from those we actually know are under
13, and no part of our website is structured to attract
anyone under 13.
How
You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
There
are several ways that you can access or correct information
your personal information kept by RNCaseManager.com
You
can access all your personally information that
we collect online and maintain by using our home
page links of "Update Resume" and "Quick
Employer login". We use these password protected
procedure to better safeguard your information.
Through these procedures, you can correct any errors
you find.
Contact
us by phone - See number below
Contact
us by Fax - See number below
Contact
us by regular postal mail - See address below
Contact
us via e-mail at webmaster3(at)rncasemanager.com
(When emailing, use @ symbol instead of "(at)" in
address)
To
protect your privacy and security, we will also take
reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting
access or making corrections.
How
To Contact Us
Should
you have other questions or concerns about our privacy
policy, the practices of the site, problems with other
users of the website, or concerns on any other issues,
please feel free to contact us at:
RNCaseManager.com
Box 61373
Denver, CO 80206
Phone
(303) 300-2273 or (866) 850-5999 toll free
Fax (303) 750-5005
e-mail: webmaster3(at)rncasemanager.com
(When emailing, use @ symbol instead of "(at)" in
address)
Home
/   Top
Copyright © 2000-2003, RNCaseManager.com All
rights reserved
Home |
Security & Privacy |
Services & Fees
|
Contact Us |
Resources