https://robbinsassoc.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarYou are here: Home / Privacy Policy
Share
Tweet
Pin
Share
This Website is owned by Jim Robbins & Associates, Inc. (“Jim Robbins & Associates”). Jim Robbins & Associates respects the privacy of our visitors and this privacy policy describes how we collect, use and disclose the information that you may provide to us through this Website. Please take a few moments to read this Privacy Policy before using the site or submitting information to this Website.
Non-personal Information
When you visit this Website or download information, Jim Robbins & Associates may collect certain information about you from your computer’s Web browser. This information is strictly “non-personal” in nature, and may include the following:
the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to our site
the date and time you access our site
the type of Web browser software you use
pages visited on our site
de-identified (“non-personal”) information and the domain from which you access the Internet
This information is used to improve the performance and content of our website pages for visitors.
Respecting Your Privacy
Jim Robbins & Associates will not collect your e-mail address, name, address or any other personal information unless you specifically send us such “personal” information. You may give us your home and/or e-mail address to receive occasional newsletters and information from Jim Robbins & Associates. If we use a third party to deliver these mail or e-mail messages, newsletters or samples, we will share your e-mail address with that third party for that purpose only.
We will never sell, rent, or otherwise disclose your e-mail address to any other party.
IP Addresses
The Web server automatically collects the IP (which stands for Internet Protocol) address of the computers that access our site. An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you access the Internet. It is not truly personally identifiable information because many different individuals can access the Internet via the same computer. We use this information in aggregate form to understand how our site is being used and how we can better serve visitors.
Cookies
When you visit this Website, Jim Robbins & Associates may place a text file (or “cookie”) in the browser files of your computer’s hard drive in order to collect strictly non-personal information, a practice common to most commercial sites. For more information about cookies, please click on the U.S. Government Information Bulletin (I-034).
In no event will Jim Robbins & Associates allow third parties to place cookies on this Website.
More Information
For more information, view our Copyright Notice.
If you have further questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us.
THIS LEGAL NOTICE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE.
Share
Tweet
Pin
Share
Primary SidebarContact us for a free quote!
901-726-1234423-756-4052
Name *
Organization
Email Address *
Telephone Number *
Jim Robbins and Associates, Inc.
Ready to learn more?
Companies rely on Jim Robbins & Associates to deliver reliable, rugged and cost effective solutions with equipment and systems that are built to last. Make your next installation a win with us!
Exclusively Represent 20 Primary Manufacturers
Delivering High-Performance, Customized Solutions
Offering Solids Handling and Air Pollution Control Equipment
Full Name *
Email Address *
Telephone Number *
Business Name *
Zip Code *
Copyright Notice
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Contact Us