https://robinsonheli.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policydev2018-06-21T11:31:40-07:00
Robinson Helicopter Company
2901 Airport Drive, Torrance, California 90505
Phone (310) 539-0508 | Fax (310) 539-5198
30 May 2018
Privacy, Terms and Conditions
Introduction
The “Site” means Robinsonheli.com “We” means Robinson Helicopter Company, Inc.
By using the Site you agree you are over the age of eighteen and you agree to the terms and conditions in each section of this “Agreement.” If you do not agree with these terms and conditions you should immediately stop using the Site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
If you have questions regarding this Site or this Agreement, please contact us.
“Material” means the products, services, resources, information, data, specifications, photographs, text, audio, video and other content displayed on the Site.
Note that the use of certain Material or the conduct of certain transactions on the Site could be subject to additional terms and conditions that we will make available to you prior to using such Material or completing such transactions.
Robinson Helicopter Company, Inc. may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website, you are agreeing to be bound by the current version of these terms of service.
Privacy Policy
We offer some services that do not require you to provide any personal information. In providing this Site we might collect the following types of information:
Cookies and Tracking Pixels
When you use the Site, we may send one or more small files containing a string of characters (as cookies or tracking pixel image files) to your computer, which uniquely identify your browser or computer. We use this method to improve the quality of our service, to store your preferences, and to track Site usage.  View active cookies in use here.
Server Log Information
When you use the Site, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit any website. Such server logs may include information such as your Internet Protocol address, web request, browser language, browser type, the date and time of your use and one or more cookies that can uniquely identify your browser.
Communications
When you email or contact us, we may retain your communications in order to process your requests, respond to your inquiries and improve our Site, products and services.
Your Personal Information
When you register with a part of our Site or submit information to us we may ask you to provide “Personal Information” like your name, mailing address, phone number, email address or an account password. For some services, we might also request credit card or other payment account information. We may combine the information you submit in order to provide you with a better experience and to improve the Site quality.
Other sites
This Privacy Policy applies only to our Site. We do not have any control over other sites we may link to from within our Site. You should be aware that other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Also, some of the services we use may include different privacy practices or terms of use and various legal agreements including those found at the following websites:
Google Analytics (https://www.google.com/analytics)
Authorized.Net (https://www.authorize.net/company/privacy/)
Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy)
Twitter (https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/update-privacy-policy)
We will not provide your personally identifiable information to any other entity unless authorized by you, although we may securely store your information with services that we use, including the ones shown above. Some information may be shared in the aggregate with third parties for the purposes described in this Agreement or other supplementary privacy notices for specific transactions or Material. In addition to the above, such purposes may include:
Ensuring the technical functioning of our network;
Providing services, including the display of content;
Auditing and analysis in order to maintain, protect and improve our services;
Identifying you if we believe we need to in order to enforce compliance with this Agreement or to protect the rights or property of our Company, Site, or customers; or
Complying with applicable laws, including those pertaining to Technical Data or the U.S. Dept. of Commerce.
Security of Personal Information
While we make a good faith effort to prevent third party, non-affiliate access to personal information, you agree and understand that internet communications may not be secure. Thus, we cannot warrant or guarantee that your personal information will not be disclosed to or accessed by parties other than those authorized under this Agreement. Thus, to the extent allowed by law, you agree and understand that we will not be liable for actual or consequential damages caused by such disclosures of your personal information in excess of any funds you have paid to us in connection with your disclosure to us of Personal Information. If you wish to contact us to comply with GDPR or other applicable privacy laws, you may contact us.
Update or Removal of Your Personal Information
At your request, we will make reasonable efforts to update, change or delete any personal information you may have provided via the Site. Please contact us.
Email Communications
By applying to become a customer, purchasing products from the Site, contacting us or subscribing to our mailing list, you consent to the use of email, and specifically your email address, for communications from us.
Types of email communication include, but are not limited to, the following:
Emails regarding the safe operation of our aircraft
Transactional emails
Website registration/login information
System update announcements
To unsubscribe at any time by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of most of the communications you receive from us.
You agree and understand that to enforce this Agreement, resolve disputes, or provide information to satisfy applicable laws, regulations or proceedings, we may need to retain your personal information. Additionally, you understand and agree that your personally identifiable information may be retained by us in residual back-up files that are a function of our server back-up systems.
General Conduct & Limited License
You may access, display, and print one copy of the Site Material solely for your personal, internal, non-commercial use, except as otherwise specified on this Site or on a particular item of Material. No other use of the Material is authorized. You agree that the copy of the Material shall retain all copyright, trademark and any other notice in the same form and manner as any such notice appears on the Material or on the Site. You may not otherwise reproduce, modify, distribute, transmit, post, or publish the Material without our prior, written consent. You may not remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
You understand and agree that any permitted use of the Material and the Site is at your own discretion and risk. You will be solely responsible for any damage to your network, software or computer system, and for any loss of data that could result from the use of the Site or the Material. While visiting the Site, you shall not submit, post, publish, distribute or transmit: (a) material that is illegal, indecent, obscene, libelous, defamatory, false or misleading; (b) material other than that which may be requested by an interactive application or tool on the Site; (c) unsolicited advertising, promotional material, or other forms of solicitation; (d) material that would infringe the intellectual property, privacy or other rights of third parties, (e) a computer virus, worm, Trojan horse or other element destructive to the Site or any of our hardware or software accessible through the Site, or (f) a digital or manual signature, password, or other element impersonating our employees, or any forged TCP/IP headers or parts of a header, in an attempt to gain unauthorized access to our computers, software, data, accounts or databases.
You may not, without our prior written consent, use any computer code, data mining software, “robot,” “bot,” “spider,” “scraper” or other automatic device, or program, algorithm or methodology having similar processes or functionality, or any manual process, to monitor or copy any of the web pages, data or content found on this Site or accessed through this Site. You also may not engage in the mass downloading of files from the Site; use the computer processing power of the Site for purposes other than those permitted above; or flood the Site with electronic traffic designed to slow or stop its operation.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated at will by Robinson Helicopter Company, Inc. at any time.
Third Party Material
“Third-Party Material” means Material owned by third parties, as well as links to websites owned by third parties. This Site may include or provide access to Third-Party Material. Use of Third-Party Material is at your own risk and we are not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any ThirdParty Material. Our inclusion of Third-Party Material on this Site shall not be construed as our endorsement of any third party or the Third-Party Material, and no rights or licenses are granted to you in the Third-Party Material. You agree to defend and hold us harmless from any liability that may result from your use of Third-Party Material.
Intellectual Property
This Site and the Materials contain third parties’ and our intellectual property that is protected by United States and International Law. Except as otherwise in this Agreement, nothing contained herein shall be construed as granting any license, patent, trademark, service mark, copyright or other intellectual property right to you.
R22, R44, and R66 are registered trademarks of Robinson Helicopter Company.
Additionally, any trademarks, trade names, trade dress, service marks, logos, domain names, and URLs provided in the Material or displayed on the Site are our property or that of third parties, and no right to use such marks is granted to you by your use of this Site. Other company names, brand names, trademarks and logos are the property of their respective owners. The Site and the Materials are our or third party copyrighted property. You may not download, copy, or use the Site or Materials except as specified in this Agreement.
Submissions to the Site
Except as specified in our Privacy Policy, any information, feedback, comments, links, or other Material that you submit to the Site will be considered non-confidential and you grant us a nonexclusive, perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free license to use your submissions in any way we choose. Therefore, we may, among other things, reproduce, transmit, distribute, adapt, perform, display and create derivative works from your submissions, and sublicense others to do any of the foregoing activities. You agree and understand that your submissions will meet all requirements for appropriate content in accordance with this Agreement. We reserve the right at any time and without notice to refuse to receive, post and to remove any submission in whole or in part.
Compliance with Applicable Laws; Export Control Laws
The Site and the Material may be subject to U.S. export control laws and may also be subject to the laws of the country where you reside. You agree to comply with all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances, and regulations regarding your use of the Site and the Material. We do not represent that the Site or the Material is appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdictions. If you choose to access this Site from any jurisdiction you do so at your own risk. The laws of the State of California, United States of America, excluding choice of law principles, shall govern and construe any and all issues relating to use of the Site and the Materials.
Jurisdiction and Venue
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of California. By using this Site and the Materials you agree to such jurisdiction and venue, and you give up the right to select venue in any other forum.
Disclaimers & Indemnification by You
TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY SHALL WE, OUR OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, OR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN PROVIDING THE SITE, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES, COSTS OF REPLACEMENT GOODS, LOSS OR DAMAGE TO DATA, SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE, THE MATERIAL, ANY OF OUR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, OR ANY OTHER LINKED WEBSITE, OR FOR DIRECT DAMAGES, ACTUALLY PROVEN, EXCEEDING THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO US (YOU AGREE THAT THIS LIMITATION SHALL BE ENFORCED EVEN IF IT CAUSES AN EXCLUSIVE REMEDY TO FAIL OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE), OR ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OF OR RELIANCE ON THE MATERIAL PRESENTED, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
ALL MATERIAL PROVIDED ON THE SITE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THOSE ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE, OR TRADE PRACTICE. THE INTERNATIONAL CONVENTION FOR THE SALE OF GOODS, THE UNIFORM COMPUTER INFORMATION TRANSACTIONS ACT AND THE UNIFORM ELECTRONIC TRANSACTIONS ACT ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED.
TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND, AND HOLD US HARMLESS WITH OUR OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, OR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN PROVIDING THE SITE AND MATERIALS, FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, SUITS, DAMAGES, COSTS, OR OTHER EXPENSES (INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS FEES) THAT ARISE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM: (A) USE OF THE SITE OR THE MATERIAL, (B) BREACH OF THESE TERMS OF USE; AND/OR (C) YOUR SUBMISSIONS.
Termination and Survival
This Agreement shall expire when you discontinue use of the Site and Materials. We reserve the right to change or modify these terms or terminate this Agreement at any time. In the event that you breach or violate any part of this Agreement, we may terminate your current and future use of the Site and the Materials. The applicable portions of the following sections shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement: Introduction; Privacy Policy; General Conduct & Limited License; Third Party Material; Intellectual Property; Compliance with Applicable Laws; Export Control Laws; Disclaimers & Indemnification by You; and Termination and Survival.
Site Material
All Site Material, unless otherwise noted, is and shall remain the sole property of Robinson Helicopter Company, Inc. Any content you view, copy, print, download or use from the Site shall be solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Material on this Site may not be modified in anyway and may not be used, copied or distributed separate from accompanying text. You agree and understand that you may not use the content in any way that is misleading; that falsely suggests the existence of a business relationship between you and us; that is derogatory, disparaging, or which displays our products, employees, affiliates or representatives in a negative light. You also agree and understand that we may at any time and in our sole discretion revoke your authorization to use Site Material and we may require you to immediately cease using all Site Material.
Our Privacy Policy Has Been Updated! more information AcceptThe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.Close