https://rockworks.co.uk/index.php/privacy-policy/
01207 281 777
info@rockworks.co.uk
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Privacy Policy
Rockworks knows that you will want to understand how we use the information we automatically collect about you on our websites www.rockworks.co.uk / www.rockworksclimbing.co.uk / www.rockworksclimbing.com This notice describes our Privacy Policy.
Collection of Information
Rockworks holds and stores certain information about you. For example, it holds information related to your visit to this site such as which pages you visit, how often you visit and information you specifically provide to enable you to receive a particular service.
Rockworks has adopted a policy of compliance with the data protection laws of the United Kingdom and takes reasonable care to prevent any unauthorised access to your personal data.
What data we collect
Personal information may be collected via our website in a number of ways for example:
When you submit a contact form and voluntarily provide us with information – this may include your name, email address, contact number and any other details that you provide.
Basic information about your computer or mobile device when you visit our website – our website uses cookies to gather statistical information about visitors, including IP address, general location based on IP address, pages visited, and duration of visit.
When you make a purchase through our web shop – this includes your name, and contact details as well as a record of your order.
How we use this information
We use this information to provide you with our services and to gain a better understanding of your needs – this includes:
To respond to any enquires you submit via email or online contact forms.
To gain statistical analysis on pages published on our website.
To fulfil orders placed via our web shop.
To hold items in your shopping cart.
With your permission we may also communicate marketing messages, that may be of interest to you based on previous purchases.
Your information will never be passed over to any third parties. Rockworks will never use your contact details to send you marketing information without prior permission from you. You can stop these communications at any time by unsubscribing via the hyperlink provided or by letting us know in person, by phone: 01207 281 777, or by writing to us at Rockworks Ltd. Units 19/20 Stanelaw Way, Tanfield Lea Industrial Estate South, Stanley, Co Durham DH9 9XB, or by email. You will receive a right to object form and once completed we will respond within one calendar month.
By supplying us with information you confirm that you do not consider use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Statement to be a breach of any of your rights under the Telecommunications (Data Protection and Privacy) Regulations 1999. By entering information on forms or providing us with any personal information you are consenting to us processing that data for our own business use and holding it on our server.
You should also be aware that if the police request us or any regulatory or governmental authority investigating suspected unlawful activities to provide your personal details and/or information concerning your activities whilst visiting this site, we shall do so.
Your data, your rights
Your right to access and rectification
If you would like to make a subject access request to find out what personal information we have collected from you or if you would like to rectify any inaccurate personal data, please get in touch, requesting a right to access / rectify form and once completed we will respond within one calendar month.
Your right to erasure
If you would like us to erase any personal information we have collected, please get in touch, requesting a right to access / rectify form and once completed we will respond within one calendar month.
Please be aware that in deleting your personal information you may be required to resubmit that information in order to continue using some of our services.
Your right to restriction
If you would like us to restrict any personal information we have collected please get in touch, requesting a right to restriction form and once completed we will respond within 1 calendar month.
Please be aware that in restricting your personal information you may be required to resubmit that information in order to continue using some of our services.
How we keep your information secure
Rockworks takes the security of your personal data seriously. We use industry standard security software to safeguard your data.
Security, Integrity and confidentiality
Rockworks has always had the appropriate security measures in place to safeguard your personal date, this includes industry standard security hardware and software. We are also PCI compliant.
Your acceptance of our privacy policy
In continuing to use our website, you are consenting to the collection of data as outlined above. If you do not accept this privacy policy, please do not use our websites.
We ask that you also view our cookies policy and if you have any questions please get in touch.
Data enquiries
For all enquires relating to your personal data please get in touch with us by phone: 01207 281 777, or by writing to us at Rockworks Ltd. Units 19/20 Stanelaw Way, Tanfield Lea Industrial Estate South, Stanley, Co Durham DH9 9XB / email.
Updating of our Privacy Policy
This policy can change to meet the requirements of our business or of changes in the Data Protection Laws.Click here to learn more about the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).