https://rodguides.com/privacy-policy/
Oilfield Improvements
Get a Quote
Well Analysis
1(800)537-9327
info@rodguides.com
Menu
Menu
About Us
Products
Applications
FAQs
Get a Quote
Well Analysis
Privacy Policy
Oilfield Improvements® , Inc. respects your privacy and the purpose for which our site visitors provide us information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information Collected
If you request or submit information to us by sending an e-mail via the “mail to:”function or filling out a”contact” form, we may save your e-mail address as well as any other information you may provide. This information maybe used to contact you in the future by mail, e-mail, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your e-mail and other information you provide will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected byOthers
This notice addresses only the policy of Oilfield Improvements® , Inc.’s website and not sites that users access via links from our site. Oilfield Improvements® , Inc. is not responsible for the information collection policies of other sites, nor for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor for the information or content contained there in. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that maybe useful to our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Cookies
Oilfield Improvements® , Inc. website does not use cookies. Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information if you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an e-mail with “Remove personal information” in the subject line.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
Oilfield Improvements® , Inc. may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic PolicyChanges
Please note that Oilfield Improvements® , Inc. reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time(i.e. to track technologyand/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review thispage.
This policy statement is made in the name of Oilfield Improvements® , Inc. and is effective as of April 09, 2009. This statement does not create an agreement between Oilfield Improvements® , Inc. and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
Contact Us:
Oilfield Improvements® , Inc.
1902 N. Yellowood Ave.
Broken Arrow, OK 74012
Toll Free: (800) 537-9327
Phone:
(918) 250-5584
Fax: (918) 250-4666
E-mail: info@rodguides.com