http://rolloversandannuities.com/how-does-a-performance-bond-help-you-with-a-performance-guarantee/
How Does A Performance Bond Help You With A Performance Guarantee? – Financial Freedom 101
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact
Financial Freedom 101
HomeContact
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
How Does A Performance Bond Help You With A Performance Guarantee?
By Julia YoungApril 19, 2018Category: FinanceTags: performance bond
Just like in other types of work, there is a risk that the person hired for the job will not finish it. In construction, there are also various reasons why they fail like getting bankrupt, manpower issues or even disagreements with the owner of the project.
This is the reason why performance bonds are required in government construction projects. More and more private projects are also starting to adopt this. It is a form of insurance for the client who wants to make sure that the contractor they hire will finish the job. In the event that they fail to do so, the owner will receive reimbursement to cover all losses incurred to bring it to completion. They may file a claim to recover these damages totaling the entire cost of the project.
Prerequisites Of A Performance Bond
Before a contractor applies for a performance bond, it is important that they agree on important points with the owner of the project like the complete project scope, the time frame they should finish the construction job, and an estimate of the cost of the work. Another vital thing to discuss is the terms of the performance bond, as well as the grounds for claiming damages and required payment.
Contractors will need to find a surety company or someone who will underwrite them and provide the guarantee to the project owner. For more information, you may go to https://swiftbonds.com/performance-bond.
How It Helps With A Performance Guarantee
Contractors that have a performance bond will have an advantage with a performance guarantee. This is because the surety company will do a thorough job checking out the capacity of the contractor to finish the project, including their financial stability. This will lessen the risk of the owner having their contractor walking out before construction ends.
Project owners receive assurance that the contractor will deliver on the contract, finishing on the agreed timeline and within the estimated cost. They will also follow the agreed scope of the project. The risk of them bailing out in the middle will be much lower because all the terms will be clear right at the very beginning.
Performance Bonds And Guarantees Ensure Project Completion
When contractors fail to finish the project, owners suffer possible financial damage because the project gets delayed and someone else has to be hired to finish the work. All of these will cost money and the performance guarantee will make sure that the owner is able to recover part or all of the cost to see the work completed.
Because the surety company will pay in case of the project not being finished by the contractor, they will make sure that they underwrite only those that truly have the capacity to see the construction project to completion. They will need to do proper background checks of these contractors before they back the bond.
Contractors will still pay out a certain amount to secure a performance bond, depending on the whole cost of the project. It might range from 5 to 10% of the total cost. This is also a way of proving that they have the financial stability to complete the job.
There are specific terms when the owner can claim compensation and so long as they can provide evidence of this, they are entitled to receive this money. This will cover the costs required to finish the project. After all, there might be other financial losses incurred with every day of delay, especially if it is a commercial project.
Disadvantages Of Performance Bonds And Guarantees
Performance bonds and guarantees will provide assurance to project owners, but because of this requirement, smaller contractors might not be able to meet what surety companies are looking for in order to be bonded. Some contractors will also not want to go through the hassle of applying for the bond, especially when it requires some paperwork.
This means that fewer contractors end up bidding on projects and those that do will raise their bids to cover the cost of the performance bond. Despite this, the benefits of having these bonds far outweigh the disadvantages, as having a contractor leave in the middle of the project is a huge problem for the project owner. At the end of the day, it is in the advantage of all parties when construction ends as quickly and free of complication as possible.
Previous Next
Categories
Finance
General
Insurance
Law
Developed by Think Up Themes Ltd. Powered by WordPress.