https://rollxvans.com/privacy-policy/
be_ixf; php_sdk; php_sdk_1.4.18
60 ms
iy_2020; im_12; id_11; ih_03; imh_26; i_epoch:1607686014568
ixf-compiler; ixf-compiler_1.0.0.0
py_2020; pm_01; pd_06; ph_18; pmh_00; p_epoch:1578362449592
link-block; link-block_link-block; bodystr
pn_tstr:Mon Jan 06 18:00:49 PST 2020; pn_epoch:1578362449592
0 ms
be_ixf; php_sdk; php_sdk_1.4.18
https://www.rollxvans.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.rollxvans.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
ONLINE TO YOUR DOOR
16000 +
customers nationwide
How It Works
Safe, convenient & Trusted for over 40 years
Privacy Policy for Rollx Handicap Cars and Vans
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.rollxvans.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you (the customer) of the following:
The personally identifiable information collected from you through the website, how is is used, and with whom it may be shared.
The choices available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of information.
The process to correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell, share or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share/sell your information with third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request “e.g. to ship an order”.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the suture to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to use in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 952-890-7851 or via email at questions@rollxvans.com.
and/or:
We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Talk to a conversion specialist today!
Contact Us