https://rolledmetalproducts.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home | News & Events | Careers | Compliance & Quality
FacebookTwitterLinkedinYouTubeInstagram
Search:
AboutFAQs News Gallery Compliance & Quality
InventoryStainless Steel Alloys in Coil FormType 17-4 PH® Type 17-7 PH® Type 18 SR® Type 201 Type 301 Type 301 High Yield Type 302 Type 304-304L Type 305 Type 309 Type 310 Type 310S Type 316/316L Type 321 Type 347 Type 409 Type 409 Ultra Form Type 410 Type 430 Type 436 Type 439 Type 440A Type 441
Special Alloys in Coil FormAlloy 625 Nickel-Base Superalloy
Aluminum in Coil FormAluminum 3003 Aluminum 3105 Aluminum 5052
Spiral Duct CP Titanium Coiled Strip & Foil Carbon Steel in Coil FormCarbon Steel 1030 Carbon Steel 1050
Precision Coiled Strip for Deep Draw Stamping
CapabilitiesFull Capabilities Toll Processing/Conversion Edging Capabilities Slitting Precision Gauge Reduction Tempering Oscillate Winding Cut to Length
Tech InfoSteel PropertiesAustenitic Ferritic Martensitic
Standard TolerancesThickness Width Camber
Conversion Calculator PIW Calculator Packaging – Bar Coding
Metal Surcharges Contact
Privacy Policy
At Rolled Metal Products, your privacy is our priority. While we do collect some information from our customers and website visitors, we only use it to make your website browsing and purchasing experience easier. We’re in the business of selling metal, not data.
So let’s talk about what we collect and what we do with it.
The first way we get information is when you give it to us! When you request a quote, place an order, request credit, or contact us, you give us some information to help us serve you. And that’s all we do with it – use it to serve you. Here are some examples:
When you submit an order or request credit, we can’t process your transaction correctly without your name, email, mailing address, and other pertinent data.
When you create an online account with us, we use that account information to pre-populate your billing information, and we make sure our site surfaces relevant information for your convenience and to save you time.
We have a few trusted partners and service providers, like our IT support, who have access to our systems to make sure they’re working right and giving you a seamless experience.
We may notify you about things like important changes to the website, new services, products that may interest you, and special offers we think you’ll want to know about. You can opt out of our distribution list using the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of an email.
The second way we get information is from cookies on our site. Cookies are a tool that provides information about the computer used by a website visitor, and they’re something you can easily disable. When you’re signed into your account, cookies help us understand your preferences so we can provide a better experience for you on our site. Here’s how we use them:
We monitor traffic patterns on our site to help us develop the right content to help you find what you need. We may also show you information about products and services we think may be relevant to you, and we may customize your website experience for added convenience.
We look at how visitors got to our site so we know which other sites are referring people to us.
We also aggregate general usage data to help our marketing team determine where we should advertise. This means we’ll know if a high percentage of our site visitors also use sites like LinkedIn, for example. If you don’t want this type of information collected, simply disable cookies on your computer.
Do we sell your information? Never.
Do we store your data securely? Absolutely. We use Secure Sockets Layer data encryption (SSL), which is endorsed by the World Wide Consortium and is the de facto standard for secure data transmission. SSL encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
Do we disclose your information to others? We do not disclose your information other than in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If your data is ever disclosed, it’s for a necessary business function or legal reason, and we ensure the access is secure. This could include sharing with trusted partners and service providers like our IT team or others who can offer products and services we think are relevant to you. We also will turn over information when required by law.
Do we link to third-party sites? Yes, we occasionally link to third-party websites to help make your shopping and browsing experience even more convenient. We do not, however, endorse or approve content on third-party sites. We encourage you to review other sites’ privacy policies before providing them with your information.
Can you request access to the personal information we may have on you? Yes, we’re happy to show you what personal information of yours is in our system. Please note that we reserve the right to charge a small fee to cover the costs we’ll incur by addressing your request.
Will this policy ever change? Our commitment to your privacy won’t change, but sometimes we have to change the language of this policy. We’ll always keep the most updated policy here on our site, where you can access it anytime. If you have questions, please contact us.
Quality/Returns Policy
Rolled Metal Products has identified each element of ISO 9001:2008 as it pertains to our business and have implemented various controls to ensure that all factors influencing quality are adequately defined.
The Quality System installed at Rolled Metal Products ensures that products conform to relevant material specifications, meet or exceed the specifications of our customer purchase orders, and maintain full traceability.
Our commitment at Rolled Metal Products is to always supply a quality product that meets or exceeds customer quality and specification requirements.
In the event our customer determines there is a discrepancy between their purchase order and the product received, the following policy will need to be adhered to if a claim is to be filed with Rolled Metal Products:
Material received wet from transit – must be noted on delivering carrier’s paperwork at time of receipt, pictures taken, and must be reported to Rolled Metal Products immediately upon receipt.
Material received damaged – must be noted on delivering carrier’s paperwork at time of receipt, pictures taken, and must be reported to Rolled Metal Products immediately upon receipt including RMP tag identification #’s.
Rust / oxidation – for dry products, must be reported to Rolled Metal Products upon receipt along with pictures and RMP tag identification #’s.
For oiled products, must be reported to RMP upon receipt or within a maximum of 90 days after receipt along with pictures and RMP tag identification #’s.
Material believed to be out of measurable specifications (ie: width, thickness, physicals, hardness) must be reported to Rolled Metal Products upon receipt or within 90 days of receipt maximum along with RMP tag identification #’s and dimensional results/discrepancy noted as comparing to customer PO along with pictures if they represent the discrepancy.
Toll Processing – Rolled Metal Products will do the very best to call out material defects found during the processing of customer owned material, however, we can only honor claims with regard to the dimensional characteristics changed or transformed during the processing of the material as required by the customer purchase order.
Consequential damages will not be covered by Rolled Metal Products.
Go to Top
This site uses cookies to provide you the best experience on our site. By continuing to browse this site you agree to our use of cookies. Learn MoreOk