https://ronculberson.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
For www.RonCulberson.com
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy governs your access to and use of www.RonCulberson.com (the “Website“), including any content, functionality, and services offered on or through the Website.
As a visitor to this Website, you can engage in most activities without providing any personal information. It is only when you seek to purchase our products, and/or register for the newsletter, and/or fill out the contact form that you are required to provide information. When taking these actions, we will learn certain information about you, both automatically and through voluntary actions you may take during your visit. This policy applies to information we collect on the Website and in email, text, or other electronic messages between you and the Website.
Please read the Privacy Policy carefully. By using the Website, you agree to the terms of the policy. If you do not want to agree to the Privacy Policy, you must not access or use the Website.
How And Why We Collect Information
We collect information that users provide by filling out the form to subscribe to our newsletter on the Website, communicating with us via contact forms, providing comments or other feedback, and providing information when ordering a product or service via the Website.
We use the information you provide to us to deliver the requested product and/or service, to improve our overall performance, and/or to provide you with information.
First Party Use of Cookies
We do not use cookies within the direct content of the Website.
Third Party Use Of Cookies
Some content on the Website is contained in videos, statistics, and links that is served by third-parties such as YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn, Google, and Amazon. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website to link to theirs.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about third party targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly or review their privacy policies.
Correspondence Information
If you choose to correspond with us through phone, email, or our online forms, we will retain your contact information, the content of your messages, and our responses.
We are committed to keeping your contact information confidential. We do not sell, rent, or lease our subscription lists to third parties, and will not disclose your contact information to any third parties except as allowed in the section titled Disclosure of Your Information.
Newsletter/Blog Information
We will only enroll you to receive our free email newsletter/blog if you affirmatively request and consent to it. In compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act, all emailed newsletters sent from our organization will clearly state who the email is from and provide clear information on how to contact the sender. In addition, all emailed newsletters will also contain concise information on how to remove yourself from our mailing list so that you will no longer receive the newsletter. If you ever have trouble unsubscribing, you can send an email to wendy@ronculberson.com requesting to unsubscribe from future emails.
Disclosure Of Your Information
As a rule, we do not sell, rent, lease, or otherwise transfer any information collected whether automatically or through your voluntary action.
We may share your contact information with third parties such as FedEx and UPS in order to ship products and/or supplies.
We may also disclose information when legally compelled to do so when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it, or for the protection of our legal rights, or when compelled by a court or other governmental entity to do so.
How Do We Protect Your Information and Secure Information Transmissions?
We employ commercially reasonable methods to ensure the security of the information you provide to us. This includes using standard security protocols and working only with reputable third-party entities.
Email is not recognized as a secure medium of communication. For this reason, we request that you do not send private information to us by email.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, we use software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Policy Changes
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will include a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the bottom of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
Ron Culberson
281 Hooded Warbler Lane
Nellysford, VA 22958
email: ron@ronculberson.com
Phone: 703-629-0161
Effective as of June 22, 2018
This website uses third party services which may use cookies to improve your experience. Privacy Policy ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.