https://rosafoods.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Rosa Food Products Co., Inc.
Navigation
Rosa Food Products Co., Inc.
"Four Generations of Family Ownership."
Search for:
Search
Log In
$0.00 0
Home
About Us
Info
Kosher
Private Label
Product List
MSDS
SDS
Recipes
Shop
Contact Us
FAQs
Directions
My Account
Logout
Checkout
My Cart
Privacy Policy
Online Orders:
All Online Orders are subject to product availability. You will be contacted if we are unable to fill your order in a timely fashion. We are not liable for delays due to product availability.
Shipping:
Due to our extremely competitive prices and quantity of orders we receive, orders are normally processed within one week. Please allow at least 4 weeks to receive your order. The selection of 2nd Day and Next Day/Overnight shipping options does not guarantee 2-day delivery. We offer these shipping choices as a service to customers who purchase perishable items. We do not pack product with ice, dry ice or cooler packets. UPS does not deliver on Saturday or Sunday.
We can only guarantee the freshness of your order when it leaves our facilities; not when it arrives. For this reason, Next Day/Overnight and 2nd Day is highly recommended for orders that contain perishable items. Rosa Food Products Co., Inc. is not liable for spoilage. We do not offer FedEx, DHL or USPS as shipping options.
Returns:
There is a 15% product restocking fee and shipping charges from the initial order are NOT refundable.
Example: $40.00 order and S+H of $10.00 = a $34.00 refund.
We have to pay the $10.00 S+H to get the product back, $2.00 for each label to be sent to you and a pick up fee of $8.00 or more from UPS.
Total value sent back to us: $30.00. The product may have cost us more than the return.
Customer Privacy:
Rosa Food Products Co., Inc. keeps a record of all information supplied by our customers during online transactions. This information is kept company confidential, and will never be sold, loaned, or distributed to anyone outside of Rosa Food Products Co., Inc. family of businesses. We reserve the right to use this information to contact customers for the purpose of customer service, and to keep customers informed about our company and products. Any customer who does not wish to be contacted by us should send an email to rosa@rosafoods.com stating that they wish to be removed from our distribution list.
Cookies:
An encrypted cookie is sent from the Rosa Food Products Co., Inc. web site to your hard drive upon connecting to our Online Store. Our Online Store software for tracking online orders uses this cookie. Browsers configured to refuse cookies will be unable to complete a transaction with the Online Store.
Security:
Keeping your information secure is a top priority of Rosa Food Products Co., Inc.. All transactions are encrypted using the highest level of mainstream security currently available. We will use every reasonable means to ensure that your personal information remains secure. If you suspect that someone has gained unauthorized access to your information, please let us know immediately at rosa@rosafoods.com.
Agreement:
By using our store, you agree to the terms set forth in this statement. These terms are set by Rosa Food Products Co., Inc. and may change from time to time. Updates to the terms will be posted as necessary.
Search for:
Product CategoriesBeans
Bread Products
Candy
Cheese
Cookies
Cooking Wines
Holiday Items
Housewares
Mushrooms
Mustard
Oils
Olives
Pasta
Peppers
Sauces
Seafood
Soap
Soups
Specials
Specialties
Spices
Tomatoes
Uncategorized
Vinegar
Rosa Food Products Co., Inc. © 2020. 2750 Grays Ferry AvenuePhiladelphia, PA 19146P: 215-467-2214"Four Generations of Family Ownership".
@rosafoods on Twitter
Rosa on Facebook
Privacy Policy