http://rpmc.com/privacy-policy/
Who We Are
What We Do
Get In Touch
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
This privacy policy sets out how Red Peak Group, LLC, and its affiliated divisions, including RPMC, uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website. RPG is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are agreeable to any changes. This policy applies only to information collected through this website and not to information collected offline.
Our Commitment To Data Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
What We Collect
We may collect the following information:
Information you provide that is associated with our Contact Us webpage
Information associated with your visit to the site such as time of visit, pages viewed, etc.
Any other information provided by you on the site
What We Do With The Information
We use this information to understand your needs, respond to your requests and provide you with better service.
Disclosure To Third Parties
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to outside parties unless we have your permission to do so. This prohibition does not include transfers to trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with legal requirements, enforce our site policies, or protect the rights, property or safety of RPG or any other party.
Cookies
Cookies may be used on this website to enhance your viewing experience, understand your needs, respond to your requests and provide you with better service.
Links To Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over these other websites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy policy. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
©RPMC | Privacy Policy