https://rsg-electronic.de/en/privacy
Privacy policy
Acal BFi Germany GmbH („we“, „us“, „our“ and „Acal BFi“) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms and conditions and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
Who are Acal BFi?
Acal BFi is part of the discoverIE Group plc. („group“). Therefore, “we”, “us” and “our” always includes the group.
Acal BFi is headquartered in Germany and sells products and services worldwide.
For the purpose of GDPR the data controller is Acal BFi Germany GmbH, Assar-Gabrielsson-Straße 1, 63128 Dietzenbach, Deutschland.
What information will Acal BFi collect from me?
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website www.rsg-electronic.com (“our site”). This includes information provided when you submit the contact us form or the sign up for our newsletter form.
Information when you enter a competition or promotion.
Information when you report a problem with our site.
Correspondence if you contact us.
Surveys that we use for research purposes.
Details of transactions of the fulfilment of your orders.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, and the resources that you access.
By using our site or submitting information to us through or in connection with our site, you signify your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal and business information in accordance with this privacy policy. If you do not agree with this privacy policy, you must not use our site or submit information to us through or in connection with our site.
Personally identifiable Information
We will store your personal data, such as name, email address and company name, in a secure database. We will not share your personal details outside of Acal BFi, except in the circumstances mentioned below.
If you have signed up for our newsletters, we use third-party software to send out our emails, and so your email address will be stored securely by our third-party provider. We will not pass on or sell your email address to any other company.
What will the information be used for?
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer, and to personalise our service to you.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To administer our services and records and administer any prize draws or competitions you may enter.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
To respond to any submission, comment or complaint you make to or about Acal BFi or its products or services.
Our website will give you detailed information about how we will contact you in relation to specific services, activities or online content.
In what circumstances will Acal BFi disclose the information?
We may disclose your personal information to third parties in the following circumstances:
Third-party processors engaged to assist us in carrying out business activities, located anywhere in the world, subject to the requirements noted below.
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Acal BFi, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
To carry out any obligations arising from any contracts entered into by you and us.
Where is the data stored and who processes it?
Because of the international nature of our business, we may need to transfer to other entities within Acal BFi, and to third parties as noted above. Personal data may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data you agree to this transfer, storing and processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. Any data held by Acal BFi is stored in European data centres.
Where you have chosen a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site – any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information we will use strict procedures and security features to mitigate against unauthorised access.
If there is a data breach and your personal information has been compromised, we will let you know within 72 hours.
What are my rights?
You have the right to ask us
not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. If you have signed up to receive marketing emails from us, you can unsubscribe at any time.
what information we hold about you.
to rectify any information we hold that is inaccurate or incomplete.
to provide you with your information in a format that you can send to another company.
to remove any personally identifiable information on you (however, this will mean we cannot then do any business with you).
If you wish to exercise any of the rights mentioned here, please email to datenschutzbeauftragter@acalbfi.de.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from our sites of our partner networks and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Changes to our privacy Policy
This privacy policy may be updated from time to time so you may wish to check it each time you submit personal information to us. The date of the last Revision is 1st Aug 2020. If you do not agree to these changes, please do not continue to use our site or to submit personal information to us. Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page.
How long will Acal BFi keep my personal information?
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary to comply with any legislative requirement for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.
Where you contribute material to us, we will generally only keep your information for as long as is reasonably required for the purpose(s) for which it was submitted. For example, we will only keep copies of entries to a competition for the duration of the competition.
Who do I contact?
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be emailed to datenschutzbeauftragter@acalbfi.de.