https://rslndt.com/privacyandcookies/
PrivacyWe are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.Data Protection We take all reasonable precautions to ensure that details relating to you are kept secure in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998. Unless we are negligent in exercising our responsibilities then we shall not be held liable for unauthorised access to information supplied by you.Any information relating to other individuals supplied by you, you will be deemed to have obtained their agreement/permission to this information being given to us. We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.What we do with the information we gather We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:Internal record keepingWe may use the information to improve our products and servicesWe may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interestsCookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.Cookies used on our websiteCookieNamePurpose Google Analytics _utma _utmb _utmc _utmz These cookies are used to collect analytical information about how visitors use our site. All web traffic and usage information is anonymous. We use this information for analytical purposes to evaluate the performance, to compile reports and to make improvements to website content and user experience. See Google’s privacy information: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ You can opt out of Google Analytics tracking by installing a browser plug-in from http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=enGoogle Maps PREF khcookie NID SNID These cookies are set by Google Maps, which we use to provide information on how to find us. For more information see Google’s privacy information: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ And the terms of service for google maps here: http://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/help/terms_maps.html To find out more about cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Take a closer look inside
Products RSL NDT ltd is a leading supplier and distributor of NDT products including; NDT Equipment, Advanced NDT Syste…
About Us As a supplier and distributor of leading NDT equipment and consumables, RSL NDT ltd support NDT inspections ac…
Repair & Calibration RSL NDT ltd offer an excellent after sales service and product support. Our facilities and in- house technical…
News Based in Aberdeen, UK. our customer base extends nationally and internationally, supporting NDT requirements
…
Contact Need more info?....We are here to help.