https://rubberfab.com/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Home » Privacy Statement
Rubber Fab’s Privacy Statement
Data protection is important to us
The protection of personal data is highly important to Garlock Hygienic Technologies. This Privacy Statement serves to inform visitors to Garlock Hygienic Technologies’ website (“User(s)”) about the processing of personal data (“Data”) that takes place on Garlock Hygienic Technologies’ website subject to the applicable data protection laws, in particular Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation – “GDPR”). The Garlock Hygienic Technologies website includes www.rubberfab.com.
As used in this Privacy Statement, Garlock Hygienic Technologies refers to Rubber Fab and its affiliated companies.  Garlock Hygienic Technologies may be reached by mail at:
Garlock Hygienic Technologies
26 Brookfield Drive
Sparta, NJ 07871
U.S.A.
1. Controller of data processing
Garlock Hygienic Technologies is the controller of the lawful processing of Users’ personal data. Gar-lock Hygienic Technologies’ registered address is listed above.  You may contact Garlock Hygienic Technologies at the above address.
2. Data processed and purposes of processing
2.1 Usage data
When a User accesses the Garlock Hygienic Technologies website, the website servers automatically store certain data of the accessing system. This data includes the type of browser used, the browser ver-sion, the operating system used, the website from which Garlock Hygienic Technologies’ website was accessed, the controlled subpages of Garlock Hygienic Technologies’ website, the date and time of ac-cess, the internet protocol address (IP address), the internet service provider and data comparable with the above list.
Garlock Hygienic Technologies uses this data to make its website available, to detect and remove possibly occurring technical problems and to prevent and, if need be, prosecute any abuse of the website. Gar-lock Hygienic Technologies also uses this data in anonymized form, i.e. without being able to identify the user, for statistical purposes and in order to improve the website. The legal basis for processing personal usage data is Article 6(1), first subparagraph, point (f) GDPR.
2.2 Registration data
The User must register to be able to use certain functions on the Garlock Hygienic Technologies website. Depending on the desired function, certain information is required for registration (e.g. name of User, e-mail address). We need this information to set up and manage the User account, identify authorized Us-ers and to be able to offer the User the functions desired. More details on registering and using the func-tions offered on the Garlock Hygienic Technologies website are provided in the Terms of Use [https://www.rubberfab.com/about-rubber-fab/terms-and-conditions]. The legal basis for processing the data outlined above is Article 6(1), first subparagraph, point (b) GDPR.
2.3 Use of cookies
This website uses cookies (”Cookies”) to distinguish you from other users of our website.  A Cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. Cook-ies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.
These Cookies help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our websites and also allow us to improve our sites. By continuing to browse the sites, or by submitting any forms on our sites, you are agreeing to our use of Cookies.
We use the following types of cookies:
Strictly necessary Cookies. These are Cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website and to customize your account and news profile.
Analytical/performance Cookies. These allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our websites when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our websites work, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality Cookies. These Cookies are used to recognize you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for ex-ample, your choice of language or region).
Targeting Cookies. These Cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this pur-pose.
The legal basis for processing personal data is Article 6(1), first subparagraph, point (f) GDPR.
Users may deactivate or restrict the transfer of cookies by changing the settings on the internet browser. Cookies already stored may be erased at any time. This may also be done by automatic means. Should you deactivate Cookies for this website, then certain functions of the website may become unusable.
2.4 Google Analytics
Garlock Hygienic Technologies’ use functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics.  This service is provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google”). Google Analytics likewise uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about the use of this website is as a rule transmitted to a Google server in the USA where it is stored.
Garlock Hygienic Technologies’ use of Google Analytics incorporates the “anonymize IP” function. This means that the IP address of the User collected by the Google Analytics cookie will be shortened by Google beforehand within Member States of the European Union or in other signatory states of the Treaty on the European Economic Area before being transmitted to the USA. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there.
Google uses the information generated by the Google Analytics cookie on behalf of Garlock Hygienic Technologies in order to evaluate the use of the website, prepare reports on the website activities and to provide Garlock Hygienic Technologies with additional services associated with the use of the website and the internet. The IP address transmitted by the browser of the accessing system as part of Google Analytics will not be combined with other Google data. More detailed information on the conditions of use and data protection is available at http://www.google.com/analytics/terms or at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB. The legal basis for processing personal data by using cookies is Article 6(1), first subparagraph, point (f) GDPR.
The User can prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and pertaining to the use of the website or from processing this data by downloading and installing the browser plugin available via the following link (http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en). In such case, certain functions of the website may not be fully usable. Users may also deactivate or restrict the transfer of cookies by changing the settings on the browser. Cookies already stored may be erased at any time. This may also be done by automatic means. Should a User deactivate Cookies for this website, certain website func-tions may no longer be usable. Should Users only wish to accept cookies from Garlock Hygienic Technologies but not cookies from the service providers and partners of Garlock Hygienic Technologies, they may select the “block cookies from third party providers” (or similar) settings on their browsers.
2.5 Third-party websites
The Garlock Hygienic Technologies website may contain links to other sites, such as sites of distributors, sales affiliates, our parent and sister companies, or plug-ins that direct the User to our social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn.  This policy does not apply to these third-party websites and Garlock Hygienic Technologies is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of those sites. We strongly encourage you to review the privacy policy of any third-party site so you can better understand what personal data those sites collect about you and how that data is used.
2.6 Data transferred in the course of information requests
There are multiple areas on our website that allow you to request printed and/or digital information from Garlock Hygienic Technologies. If you request any of this information, then we may ask for your name, email address, and/or mailing address. If you request printed material, we will use your personal data to mail the materials to you.  If you request digital information, we will use your personal data to e-mail the materials to you. Garlock Hygienic Technologies does not share this personal information with anyone who is not necessary to the information request. The legal basis for processing the data outlined above, depending on the content of the respective contact-making, is Article 6(1) subparagraph 1 point (b) respectively (f) GDPR.
2.7 Newsletter
You may choose to sign up to Garlock Hygienic Technologies email alerts. If you do so, then we will ask for your name and email address, and you have the option of providing your job title and organization. We will not send these email alerts unless you specifically “opt-in” by checking the “Please add me to your email newsletter” box in the contact form; conversely, you may opt out of these communications at any time by either emailing marketing@rubberfab.com or clicking the unsubscribe link in any email.  Garlock Hygienic Technologies uses this information only to provide email alerts and does not share your personal information with anyone other than our web hosting provider and their email services partner. The legal basis for processing the data outlined above is Article 6(1) subparagraph 1 point (a) GDPR.
3. Transfer of data to external parties
Garlock Hygienic Technologies receives assistance from outside service providers for certain technical data analysis, processing or storage processes (e.g. to obtain aggregated, non-personal statistics from da-ta bases or for the storage of backup copies). These service providers are carefully selected and meet high data protection and data security standards. They are obligated to maintain strict confidentiality and process personal data only when commissioned to do so by Garlock Hygienic Technologies and accord-ing to Garlock Hygienic Technologies’ instructions. The legal basis for the involvement of such service providers is Article 28 GDPR.
Except in the cases set out in this Privacy Statement, Garlock Hygienic Technologies only transfers data to third parties without the User’s explicit consent if so obliged by law or by administrative or judicial directive.
4. Place of data processing
The Garlock Hygienic Technologies website is hosted by SVM E-Marketing Solutions, 27 Monmouth Street, Suite 3, Red Bank, NJ 07701 U.S.A. SVM maintains the Data collected through Garlock Hygienic Technologies’ website (including Cookies) on its servers located in the United States. Access to the Data is limited to employees of Garlock Hygienic Technologies and SVM.  Pursuant to Article 46 GDPR, Garlock Hygienic Technologies and SVM have entered into standard data protection clauses to provide appropriate safeguards regarding the transfer of Data outside the EU.
5. Storage period
Usage data will be stored for so long as it is required for the described purposes or until a User has revoked consent, provided statutory provisions do not stipulate a longer retention period.
6. Rights of the Users
Users requesting detailed information on the processing of personal data concerning them may contact Garlock Hygienic Technologies at any time. They may also ask to receive in structured, commonly used and machine-readable format the data which they have provided to Garlock Hygienic Technologies or for such data to be transferred to a third party. Should the Users establish that the data stored about them is incorrect or incomplete, they may at any time require the immediate rectification or completion of such data. Subject to the preconditions set out in Articles 17 and 18 GDPR, the User may also require the erasure or restriction of processing of personal data. Users also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority for Garlock Hygienic Technologies.
7. Contact information
The User may contact Garlock Hygienic Technologies at any time regarding questions concerning Gar-lock Hygienic Technologies’ processing of personal data and the exercise of rights to which the User is entitled against such processing. To contact Garlock Hygienic Technologies companies outside Germany, please write to the mailing address listed in the opening paragraph of this Privacy Notice.