https://rudigoldman.com/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Home Presentation Coaching Media Training Video Conference Presentation Coaching About Testimonials Blog Contact EnglishNederlands
Privacy Statement
We recently updated our Privacy Policy to clarify how we protect your personal information in keeping with the EU’s new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Our updated policy provides more details on:
•the information that we collect;
•how we use this information, why we store, and why we retain it; and
•how you can request that your information is updated, corrected, or deleted.
PRIVACY STATEMENT
The Rudi Goldman organization ultimately provides the preparedness, confidence, and peace of mind needed when communicating your message to the world in English.
In all of this, we will maintain the value of privacy and preserve the ability for you to control your data.
This starts with making sure you get meaningful choices about how and why data is collected and used, and ensuring that you have the information you need to make the choices that are right for you across our services.
KEY PRINCIPLES OF PRIVACY AT THE RUDI GOLDMAN ORGANIZATION
Control – We’ll put you in control of your privacy with easy-to-use opt outs and clear choices.
Transparency – We will be transparent about data collection and use so you can make informed decisions.
Security – We will protect the secure data you entrust to us through encryption.
Sharing – We won’t share your personal information with any other company.
Benefits to you – When we do collect data, we will use it to benefit you and to make your experiences better.
HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA
The Rudi Goldman organization collects data to operate effectively and provide you the best experience with our services. You provide some of this data directly, such as when you book or enquire about a course, register for a The Rudi Goldman organization event or contact us for support.
We get some of it by using technologies like cookies but mostly by taking details from you through your interaction with us via web forms, email, online chat or from telephone conversations we may have from you.
The data we collect is very basic, usually just your na me, telephone, email address, company name if applicable, address and sometimes your job title. We may augment this information with the products and services you’ve used with us or other information you’ve given to us about services we offer which you may be interested in.
If you’ve attended a course, we may also collect your feedback and use this information for marketing purposes on our website.
HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATA
The Rudi Goldman organization uses the data we collect to operate our business and provide you the services we offer, which includes using data to improve our services and personalize your experiences.
We also may use the data to communicate with you, for example, informing you about your course or booking, security updates and other helpful service information.
We always ask if we can contact you with marketing information. If we ever send anything to you in error or without permission just let us know and we’ll ensure that it never happens again.
MARKETING
We may contact you from time to time in order to provide you with information about our courses and other events that may be of interest to you.
All marketing emails that we send to you will follow the email guidelines described below.
We use MailChimp as our marketing automation platform, meaning the information you provide will be transferred to MailChimp for Processing in accordance with their Privacy Policy and Terms. You can update your preferences or unsubscribe from this list at any point.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes.
EMAIL COMMUNICATIONS
We adhere to the following guidelines in relation to our email communications:
(i) emails will clearly identify us as the sender;
(ii) emails sent to you for marketing purposes will include an option to unsubscribe from future email messages; you may unsubscribe from all mailing lists, with the exception of any emails regarding legal notices and invoicing.
(iii) we send emails from a number of different domains (in both plain text and HTML format) and are are usually sent using sender email addresses at: rudi@rudigoldman.com
If you receive an email which claims to come from us but does not use these domains, or if you are suspicious that an email may not be approved by us, then please send a copy of the email to rudi@rudigoldman.com  so we can investigate.
HOW TO ACCESS & CONTROL YOUR PERSONAL DATA
You can make choices about The Rudi Goldman organization’s collection and use of your data.
You can choose whether you wish to receive promotional emails, telephone calls and postal mail from The Rudi Goldman organization You can also opt out from receiving interest-based advertising from The Rudi Goldman organization by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our marketing emails.
OTHER IMPORTANT PRIVACY INFORMATION
General. When a customer asks for advice or a quotation, The Rudi Goldman Organization collects data to provide the service, including uses compatible with providing the service, provide the best experiences with our products, operate our business and communicate with the customer.
For example: When a customer engages with a Rudi Goldman Organization’s sales representative, we collect the customer’s name and contact data, along with information about the customer’s organization, to support that engagement.
When a customer pays for products, we collect contact and payment data to process the payment.
When a customer receives communications from The Rudi Goldman Organization, we use data to personalize the content of the communication.
If you have a question about how we use your data in a particular type of interaction or would like details of information held by us about you or to opt out of any or all types of contact, please contact rudi@rudigoldman.com with your request and we’ll respond in a timely way.
Contact Me
Rudi Goldman
+31 6 4660 3465
rudi@rudigoldman.com
Moleneind 63
1241 NJ Kortenhoef
The Netherlands
COOKIES & SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Media in English uses cookies (small text files placed on your device) and similar technologies to provide our websites and online services and to help collect data.
You have a variety of tools to control cookies and similar technologies, including browser controls to block and delete cookies and controls from some third-party analytics service providers to opt out of data collection through web beacons and similar technologies. Your browser and other choices may impact your experiences with our products. support that engagement.
When a customer pays for products, we collect contact and payment data to process the payment.
When a customer receives communications from Media in English, we use data to personalize the content of the communication.
If you have a question about how we use your data in a particular type of interaction or would like details of information held by us about you or to opt out of any or all types of contact, please contact rudi@rudigoldman.com with your request and we’ll respond in a timely way.
Copyright © 1998-2020 Rudi Goldman Holding B.V. All rights reserved.
Share this page
Share on FacebookShare on Facebook
TweetShare on Twitter
Share on LinkedInShare on LinkedIn
Share on WhatsAppShare on WhatsApp
Go to Top
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site, we assume that you agree with our cookie policy.
Ok