https://russells.uk.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our website. Russell’s (Kirbymoorside) Ltd take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We handle your data with due care, treat it as confidential and use it only in accordance with the applicable data protection laws and regulations.
Russell’s (Kirbymoorside) Ltd value your custom and we take the security of your personal data very seriously.
We have published this notice so that you can be confident that your personal data is kept safely and securely.
Russell’s (Kirbymoorside) Ltd process your data in accordance with relevant data protection and privacy laws including GDPR and PECR. It is necessary for us to process your data for one of the following reasons, or lawful bases:
to fulfil our contract (order) with you
because there is a legal obligation upon us
because it is in our legitimate interests to process your data
If you should have any concerns, queries or feedback relating to how we manage your personal data, please email us at dataprotection@russells.uk.com, or write to us at our head office in Malton. Our full postal address is Russell’s (Kirbymoorside) Ltd Eden Works, Old Malton, North Yorkshire YO17 6RD.
Russell’s (Kirbymoorside) Ltd is registered with the ICO’s Data Protection Register under number Z5903415.
Personal Data
When you visit our website, we automatically record the name of your internet service provider, the website from which you visit us, the pages of our website you visit and the date and length of your visit as well as information about the equipment (brand, model, operating system) and the internet browser you have used. We also collect your IP address, but with the last four digits anonymised.
Use of Cookies
On various pages of our website, we use cookies to make our website more attractive to visitors and to enable the use of certain functions. Cookies are small data files that are stored on your terminal equipment. Some of the cookies we use are deleted at the end of the browser session, i.e. as soon as you close your browser (so-called session cookies). Other cookies remain on your computer and allow us or to recognise your computer on your next visit (so-called permanent cookies).
Cookies cannot be used to access other files on your computer or to reveal your email address.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies automatically. If you use your browser’s default settings, all processes will be running quietly in the background. Nevertheless, you can change your settings at any time.
You can set your browser to inform you every time before storing cookies and decide on a case-by-case basis, whether to accept them. You can also limit the acceptance of cookies to certain cases or block the acceptance of cookies altogether.
However, without cookies, the features of some websites – including ours – will not function properly.
Newsletters and the ordering of printed materials
If you would like to subscribe to the newsletter offered on our website, we require a valid email address from you. We will only use your data to the extent necessary to fulfil the purpose it was collected for. We will never sell or swap your personal data with any other company or third party. You may unsubscribe from promotional emails at any time by simply clicking the unsubscribe link in the email footer.
Protection of personal data
Russell’s (Kirbymoorside) Ltd uses technical and organisational measures to protect your data against accidental modification, loss, unauthorised access or unauthorised disclosure.
Website analysis using Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a website analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”, i.e. text files saved to your computer and facilitate an analysis of the way you use the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website is usually transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
If IP anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated within member states of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the United States and truncated there. IP anonymisation has been enabled on this website. This means that Google will truncate your IP address within member states of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the United States and truncated there.
Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website for evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing them other services relating to website activity and internet use.
The IP address transmitted by your browser within the scope of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
You can prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) and its processing by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in provided under the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
You can find more detailed information on the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html or at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.
Social media and social plugins
We also provide comprehensive individual support via our pages on social media. If you make a query through one of these social media sites, we will forward your query on to the relevant department. The data will be used solely for responding to your query and will not be disclosed to third parties. If you wish to contact us through social media sites, you must be logged into your respective accounts. The companies that operate these services may collect, store and use personal data for this purpose. We have no control over the nature, scope and the processing of this data.
Use of Facebook plugins
Our website uses social plugins (“plugins”) provided by the social network Facebook, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, US (“Facebook”). You can find an overview of the Facebook plugins and their appearance here: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins?locale=en_US.
If you access a page on our website that contains this social plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection with Facebook servers. The content of the plugin is then transmitted by Facebook directly to your browser and embedded into the page. By integrating the plugin, Facebook receives the information that your browser has accessed a page on our website, even if you do not have a Facebook account, or you are currently not logged into Facebook. This information (including your IP address) is transmitted by your browser directly to a Facebook server in the US and stored there. If you are logged into Facebook, Facebook can link the visit to our website directly to your Facebook account. If you interact using the plugins, for example, e.g. by writing a comment, this information is also transmitted directly to a server of the relevant provider and stored there. The information is also posted on your Facebook profile and displayed to your Facebook friends. Please note that we as the website providers do not receive any information about the content of the transmitted data or its use by Facebook. For more information on the purpose and scope of collection, further processing and the use of data by Facebook as well as your rights and the options available to protect your privacy, please refer to the privacy policy of Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/policy.php.
If you do not want Facebook to associate the data collected on our website directly with your Facebook account, you must log out from Facebook before visiting our website. You can also prevent the loading of Facebook plugins completely, e.g. by using the “Facebook Blocker” (http://webgraph.com/resources/facebookblocker/).
Use of Google+ and YouTube plugins
Our website uses further social plugins (“plugins”) from the social network Google+ and YouTube. Both services are operated by Google Inc.,1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, US (“Google”). You can find an overview of the Google+ plugins and their appearance here:https://developers.google.com/+/plugins.
If you access a page on our website that contains such a plugin, your browser will establish a direct connection with Google servers. The content of the plugin is then transmitted by Google directly to your browser and embedded into the page. By integrating the plugin, Google receives the information that your browser has accessed a particular page on our website, even if you do not have a Google+/YouTube account or you are currently not logged into Google+/YouTube. This information (including your IP address) is transmitted by your browser directly to a Google server in the US and stored there.
If you are logged into Google+, Google can link your visit to our website to your Google+ account. Please note that we as the website providers do not receive any information about the content of the transmitted data or its use by Google. For more information on the purpose and scope of collection, further processing and the use of data by Google as well as your rights and the options available to protect your privacy, please refer to the respective privacy policies of Google: https://www.google.com/intl/en-GB/policies/privacy/.
If you do not want Google to associate the data collected on our website directly with your Google+/YouTube account, you must log out from Google+/YouTube before visiting our website. You can also prevent the loading of Google plugins completely e.g. by using the “NoScript” script blocker (http://noscript.net/).
Use of Twitter plugins
Our website uses further social plugins (“plugins”) from the Twitter micro-blogging service, which is operated by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, US (“Twitter”). You can find an overview of the Twitter plugins and their appearance here: https://twitter.com/about/resources/buttons.
If you access a page on our website that contains such a social plugin, your browser will establish a direct connection with Twitter servers. The content of the plugin is then transmitted by Twitter directly to your browser and embedded into the page. By integrating the plugin, Twitter receives the information that your browser has accessed a page on our website, even if you do not have a Twitter account, or you are currently not logged into Twitter. This information (including your IP address) is transmitted by your browser directly to a Twitter server in the US and stored there. If you are logged into Twitter, Twitter can link your visit to our website to your Twitter account. The information will also be published on your Twitter account and displayed to your contacts there. Please note that we as the website providers do not receive any information about the content of the transmitted data or its use by Twitter. For more information on the purpose and scope of collection, further processing and use of data by Twitter as well as your rights and the options available to protect your privacy, please refer to the Twitter privacy policy.https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en. If you do not want Twitter to associate the data collected on our website directly with your Twitter account, you must log out from Twitter before visiting our website. You can also prevent the loading of Twitter plugins completely e.g. by using the “NoScript” script blocker (http://noscript.net/).
Right to information and the right to revoke your consent
You may revoke your consent to the processing of your personal data at any time by simply sending an email with “Privacy” in the subject line to dataprotection@russells.uk.com. We will then perform all the necessary steps to ensure that your request is fulfilled, and your data will be deleted.
You have the right to receive free information about the personal data we store on you upon request. In addition, you are entitled under the applicable laws and regulations to have your personal data corrected, erased or blocked. Should your personal data change or if the data we store on you is no longer correct for whatever reason, we would be happy to correct this. All you must do is to send an email with the word “Privacy” in the subject line to dataprotection@russells.uk.com. or write to us at our head office in Malton. Our full postal address is Russell’s (Kirbymoorside) Ltd Eden Works, Old Malton, North Yorkshire YO17 6RD.
If you require further information about data protection and the privacy policy of Russell’s (Kirbymoorside) Ltd, we will be happy to assist you. Simply send us your query via email with the word “Privacy” in the subject line to dataprotection@russells.uk.com.
EBAY Store
Stihl Store
Russells Shop
Contact