http://rxinsider.com/terms_of_service.php
Menu
CHANNELS
Pharmacy Market BUZZ
Platinum Pages Buyer’s Guide
20Ways Publications
Virtual Pharmacy Trade Show
Thought Leader Videos
Pharmacy Case Studies
Virtual Pharmacy Job EXPO
Market Training
MARKETING
Advertising Opportunities
CONTENT
Video Development
Case Study Writing
EDUCATION
Marketing & Sales Summit
eLearning Centers
RESOURCES
READINESS
CE Search Engine
Vintage Pharmacy
RXinsider Branding Guidelines
RNwanted
Healthcare Staffing Pages
CareerTapp
MobileDetails
ContentTrees
COMPANY
About RXinsider
RXinsider Events
Client Login
Careers at RXinsider
Terms of Service
Contact Us
SISTER COMPANY
CORE Higher Education Group
PharmacyMarket Buzz
PharmacyPlatinum Pages
20WaysPublications
VirtualTrade Show
ThoughtLeader Videos
PharmacyCase Studies
VirtualJob Expo
MARKETTRAINING
B2B MarketingSolutions
Terms of Service
Legal Notice
RXinsider LTD web site terms of use and legal restrictions
ATTENTION: PLEASE READ THESE WEB SITE TERMS OF USE AND LEGAL RESTRICTIONS ("TERMS") CAREFULLY
BEFORE USING THIS WEB SITE. USING THIS WEB SITE INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT
ACCEPT THESE TERMS, DO NOT USE THIS WEB SITE.
Use of Site.
RXinsider LTD ("RXinsider") authorizes you to view and download the materials at this Web site
(Site) only for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you retain all copyright and other
proprietary notices contained in the original materials on any copies of the materials. The entire
content of the Site, including any images or text, is copyrighted and may not be distributed,
reproduced, publicly displayed, downloaded, modified, reused, reposted, or otherwise used except as
provided herein without the express prior written permission of RXinsider. For purposes of these Terms,
any use of these materials on any other Web site or networked computer environment for any purpose is
prohibited. All product names, regardless of whether or not they appear in large print or with the a
trademark symbol, are trademarks of RXinsider, its affiliates, related companies, or its licensors or
joint venture partners unless otherwise noted. The use or misuse of these trademarks, copyrights, or
other materials, except as permitted herein, is expressly prohibited and may be in violation of
copyright law, trademark law, communications regulations and statutes, and other laws, statutes and/or
regulations. If you breach any of these Terms, your authorization to use this Site automatically
terminates and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed materials. RXinsider also reserves
the right to terminate your authorization to use any services at the Site and to delete any one or more
of your related accounts immediately and at any time if you breach or threaten to breach any of these
Terms.
Use of Software.
Your use, installation or downloading of software from this Site ("Software") indicates your
acceptance of and is subject to the license terms in the Software License Agreement that accompanies or
is provided with the Software. If no such Software License Agreement accompanies or is provided with the
Software, then you agree that you accept a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the
Software as is solely for your own internal business purposes in relation to your use of this Site and
that your use of the Software is subject to the following provisions: (1) you shall not translate,
disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, alter or modify the Software or make any copies of any
documentation or Software (except one copy for back-up or archival purposes only); (2) you shall not
sell, assign, sublicense, transfer, disclose, or permit access to the Software or related documentation
to any other person or entity; and (3) THE LICENSOR DISCLAIMS (AND YOU ACCEPT THE SOFTWARE WITHOUT) ANY
AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY,
NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE.
Use of Information and Materials.
The information and materials contained in these pages are subject to change. Not all products and
services are available in all geographic areas. Your eligibility for particular products and services is
subject to final determination and acceptance by the entity providing such products or services and the
provision of such products or services is not an obligation of or guaranteed by RXinsider unless
RXinsider is identified as the entity providing such products or services. The Site has been designed to
provide general information about RXinsider and health and wellness related information. These pages are
not intended to provide investment or medical advice, nor do they provide instruction on the appropriate
use of products produced, supplied or under development by RXinsider, its affiliates, related companies,
or its licensors, joint venture partners or other companies. RXinsider shall not be held responsible for
any action taken that is based on the information presented on the Site, and all users of the Site agree
that all access and use of the Site, and any and all content presented on the Site, is at the users own
risk.
Links To Other Web Sites.
Links to third party Web sites on this Site are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use
these links, you will leave this Site. RXinsider has not reviewed all of these third party sites and
does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites or their content. Thus, RXinsider does
not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or
materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any
of the third party sites linked to this Site, you do this entirely at your own risk.
Disclaimer.
NEITHER RXINSIDER NOR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING OR DELIVERING THIS SITE SHALL BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF USERS
ACCESS, USE, OR INABILITY TO USE THE RXINSIDER WEB SITE OR ANY WEB SITES LINKED TO THIS SITE, OR ANY
ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE CONTENT OF ANY OR ALL SUCH SITES WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR
ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE CONTENT
PROVIDED AT THIS SITE IS PROVIDED AS IS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.
RXinsider further does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the content at this Site. RXinsider
may make changes to the materials and services at this Site at any time without notice. The materials
and services at this Site may be out of date and RXinsider makes no commitment to update the materials
and services at this Site. Information published at this Site may refer to products, programs or
services that are not available in your country. Consult your local RXinsider business contact for
information regarding the products, programs and services that may be available to you. Applicable law
may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
Applicable Laws.
This Site is administered by RXinsider from its offices in West Warwick, Rhode Island and this Site and
these Terms (including without limitation the validity, construction and performance of duties related
to the Terms) will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States of
America and more particularly the laws of the State of Rhode Island without giving effect to any
principles of conflicts of laws. RXinsider makes no representation that materials or services at this
Site are appropriate or available for use outside the United States, and access to them from territories
where their contents are illegal is prohibited. You may not use or export or re-export the materials or
services at this Site or any copy or adaptation in violation of any applicable laws or regulations
including without limitation U.S. export laws and regulations. If you choose to access this Site from
outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with
applicable local laws. You agree that any cause of action or claim that you may have relating to this
Site must be made or instituted within one year of when the cause of action or claim accrued.
Note:
Anyone linking to RXinsider's Web site must comply with the Guidelines for Linking to RXinsider's Web
Site and all applicable state, federal, local and international laws. We regard the use of our
registered and unregistered trademarks and service marks in metatags and/or hidden text as trademark
infringement, and treat the use of these terms in page text, metatags, and/or hidden text for purposes
of gaining higher rankings from search engines as unfair competition.
General.
RXinsider may revise these Terms at any time by updating this posting. You should visit this page from
time to time to review the then-current Terms because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of
these Terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages
at this Site.
Revised March 2011
Guidelines for Linking to RXinsider's Web Site
ATTENTION: LINKING TO RXINSIDER'S WEB SITE INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT RXINSIDER'S WEB SITE TERMS OF USE
AND LEGAL RESTRICTIONS (TERMS) AND THAT YOU WILL ABIDE BY THE GUIDELINES BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT
THESE TERMS AND AGREE TO ABIDE BY THESE GUIDELINES, DO NOT LINK TO THIS WEB SITE.
If you link to RXinsider's web site, you agree that you at all times may link to, but not replicate,
RXinsider content. In addition you:
Shall not frame or otherwise create a browser or border environment around RXinsider content
Shall not imply that RXinsider is endorsing you or your products
Shall not misrepresent your or your sites relationship with RXinsider
Shall not present false, misleading or inaccurate information RXinsider or RXinsider's products or
services on your site or otherwise
Shall not use the RXinsider logo without express prior written permission from RXinsider
Shall not include content on your site that is or could be construed as illegal, distasteful, offensive
or controversial, and shall include on your site only content that is appropriate for all age groups
Shall not link to an internal or subsidiary page of RXinsider's web site that is located one or several
levels down from the home page or bring up or present content of this site on another site without
RXinsider's prior written permission.
Privacy Policy
RXinsider, LTD. website terms of use and legal restrictions - United States
SUMMARY
RXinsider, LTD. ("we" or "us") operate multiple websites (the "Site"), which are hosted in the United
States.  We want you, the visitor to our public website, to understand how we collect and use data about
your site visit. The privacy policy below identifies what information the Site collects, and what it is
used for. For sales and support purposes, the Site collects some "personally identifiable information",
which is information that identifies you. This may include your name, address, email address, telephone
or fax number, IP address and certain other information, which we explain in more detail below. We also
use cookies, which gather certain forms of information from your computer to help us monitor and improve
Site usage and performance.  You can choose not to provide us with this information, but certain
portions of the Site may not be available to you.
We do not disclose this information to third parties for their marketing purposes, but we do use third
party software and services to assist with analyzing information regarding use of the Site.  We may also
disclose your information to others for other purposes, particularly if required to do so by law.  The
privacy policy for the Site is set forth below and you should contact RXinsider's corporate offices if
you have questions or concerns about this policy or the use of your information.
INFORMATION WE GATHER
This is our online privacy policy ("Web Privacy Policy").  This Web Privacy Policy applies only to
activities we engage in on the Site and does not apply to activities that are "offline" or
unrelated to the Site. You should note that different privacy policies may apply to other parts of
RXinsider's web presence – for example, password protected areas or resume submission web pages.
We may collect two types of information through this Site: anonymous information and personally
identifiable information ("PII").  We collect certain anonymous data regarding the usage of the website.
This information does not personally identify users, by itself or in combination with other information.
We gather it to improve the performance of the Site. The anonymous data we collect can include
information such as the type of browser you are using, IP address, and the length of your visit to the
Site.
We may also ask you to provide personally identifiable information on the Site, which may include your
name, address, telephone number, fax number, company name, or e-mail address. This information can be
gathered when you send us feedback or an e-mail, when you register for certain services, when we set
cookies, or directly in response to inquires on the Site. In all such cases you choose whether to provide
us with the personally identifiable information, but certain portions of the Site may not be available to
you if you do not provide the PII requested.
COOKIES
Cookies are small bits of data cached or stored on your computer based on Internet activity. We use
cookies to monitor individual activity in aggregate to improve the Site. The information we gather
includes IP address, user language, the operating system, browser type, the presence/absence of "flash"
plug-ins, screen resolution, connection type, and information that identifies the cookie.  However, no
other user information is generally collected.
USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
We do not sell, trade or rent to others your personally identifiable information collected on the Site.
Uses by RXinsider, LTD.
We use the information collected through the Site for statistical purposes and for improving the Site,
as well as for our marketing purposes and potentially sending commercial emails to you.  We often engage
a third party's software or services to assist us with these analyses.  As a practical matter, we must
release your mailing address to a postal or courier service to deliver information you requested.  We
use third-parties to assist us with our marketing efforts, including assisting us with sending emails to
you.  This may include sending you free electronic newsletters and promotional emails for products
and/or services offered on our Site as a service.  We may send you newsletters and emails periodically
listing current specials and deals from us or through our third-party service partners. However, you
will have the choice to opt out of receiving newsletters and promotional emails for our products and/or
services.
We may also disclose personally identifiable information in order to respond to a subpoena, court order
or other such request.  We may also provide such personally identifiable information in response to a
law enforcement agency's request or as otherwise required by law.  We may provide your personally
identifiable information to a third party if we file for bankruptcy, or there is a transfer of the
assets or ownership in connection with proposed or consummated corporate reorganizations, such as
mergers, acquisitions, or sales of business units.
Uses by Third-Parties.
We do not provide your personally identifiable information to any third party for their own marketing
purposes.
OTHER WEBSITES
We are not responsible for the privacy policies of websites to which the Site links. If you provide any
information to such third parties, different rules regarding the collection and use of your personal
information may apply. We strongly suggest you review such third party's privacy policies before
providing any data to them.  We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties.
Please be aware that our sites may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and
operated by third parties. The information practices of those Web sites linked to our site is not
covered by this Policy. These other sites may send their own cookies or clear GIFs to users, collect
data or solicit personally identifiable information.  We cannot control this collection of information.
You should contact these entities directly if you have any questions about their use of the information
that they collect.
SECURITY
We take appropriate steps to manage the privacy of your personally identifiable information and the
security of the Site.  However, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that is disclosed
online.
CHILDREN
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18. Children are not
permitted to use the RXinsider.com Site or services, and we request that children under the age of 18
not submit any personal information to the website. Since information regarding children under the age
of 18 is not collected, RXinsider.com does not knowingly distribute personal information regarding
children under the age of 18.
CORRECTIONS AND UPDATES
If you wish to modify or update any information we have received, please contact the RXinsider Corporate
Offices.
MODIFICATIONS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this Web Privacy Policy at any time.  We will notify you by posting an
amendment to the privacy policy on the Site. Such modifications will become effective on the day they
are posted.  We encourage you to frequently review the privacy policy for any modifications.
Effective: January 1, 2016
Socialize with RXinsider