https://sac-ace.ca/about-us/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
English
Français (French)
Facebook page opens in new windowTwitter page opens in new windowLinkedin page opens in new windowMail page opens in new window
About UsAbout Us Board of Directors Committees YPN Senior Leadership Team Staff Job Board Privacy Policy
RegionsBritish Columbia Alberta Saskatchewan Manitoba Ontario Quebec Atlantic Provinces
MembershipMembership Why Join? Membership Discounts Membership Directory Members’ Hub
News & EventsNews Events Sign Manufacturing Day Webinars
ResourcesCOVID-19 International Sign Association Engineered Drawings Health & Safety Training Sign Media Canada Young Professionals Network Planner Resources
Sign Expo CanadaSign Expo Canada 2020 Best of Canada’s Sign Industry Awards Winners
Gov’t & Regulatory Affairs Contact Member-Only
Thank you for visiting our website. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this website. Please read this privacy policy before using the website or submitting any personal information. By using the website you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed.  Any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the website to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note: The privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this website only. If you link to other websites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information like names, email addresses, mailing addresses, and contact information, when voluntarily submitted by our visitors.  This information is only used to fulfill your specific request unless you give permission to use it in another manner; for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
In accordance with Canada’s Anti-Spam Law (CASL), email recipients of commercial electronic messages (like email marketing) will have the option to opt-in and opt-out from receiving any emails from our association. Once the opt-out request has been received, the recipient will be unsubscribed and will no longer receive commercial electronic messages from our association.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The website may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system tracking the number of visitors to the website, and understanding how visitors use the website. Cookies can also help customize the website for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personal identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By e-mail: SACinfo@signs.org
By Phone: 877-470-9787
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
ABOUT USAbout UsBoard of DirectorsCommitteesYPN Senior Leadership TeamStaffJob BoardPrivacy PolicySAC REGIONSBritish ColumbiaAlbertaSaskatchewanManitobaOntarioQuebecAtlantic Provinces
Go to Top