https://safetymedia.com/page/privacy-policy
-
{{product.applicablePromo.discountAmt}}{{product.applicablePromo.discountType}} off
List Price
Your Price
Available
{{tag}}
Proofing
Text Line
{{option.copy}}
{{key}} : {{style}}
,
Selected Options
{{option}}
,
Uploaded Assets
{{asset}}
,
Special Instructions
Product Image
View custom image.
{{key}}
{{value}}
Update Comments
Parts
Product Addons
()
@
{{product.stock.display.backorderMessage}}
Subtotal
Handling Fee
Customer Discount
Total
Are you sure you want to empty your cart?
Yes
No
Empty Cart
Please log in!
Checkout
Transfer Cart
Please log in to order all of your fire and life safety essentials.
Login
Register
Home |
Privacy Policy
(Last updated: April 24th, 2020)
Safety Media Inc. (“Safety Media”, “we”, or “us”) is committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of any personal information which you may provide, or that we may obtain from you, when you use our website, place orders, or otherwise correspond with us. The purpose of this privacy policy (the “Policy”) is to inform you of Safety Media’s privacy practices and policies, including:
•   how and why Safety Media collects your personal information;
•   how Safety Media intends to use your personal information;
•   with which parties Safety Media may share your personal information; and
•   to provide you with contact information should you have questions or concerns about Safety Media’s practices.
This Policy is designed to comply with applicable privacy legislation in Canada, including the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”). We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully.
By using our website, placing an order or directly contacting us by any means of correspondence, you are agreeing to the terms of this Policy and consenting to our policies and practices for the collection, use, storage and disclosure of personal information.
OVERVIEW OF OUR PRIVACY PRACTICES
Our privacy practices are summarized here. Under this Policy, Safety Media:
collects personal information when you use our website, make inquiries and place orders with us and in the course of delivering our services;
shares personal information with Commercial Fire and Safety when you place an order for Commercial Fire and Safety’s C20/20 software, products or services.
shares this information with third-party service providers (including Amazon, Freshworks, Google, Datto, Moneris and TD Merchant Services) for the purposes of administering, hosting and supporting our website, customer support platform, email and computers system and for processing your payments;
collects, uses and discloses this information to provide our products and services;
except as set out in (2) - (4), does not share your personal information with third parties without your consent unless authorized or required by law, as part of the sale of a business or as disclosed to you when the information is collected;
retains your personal information in compliance with our legal obligations;
allows you to withdraw your consent to the collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information at any time;
mitigates the risk and impact of potential harms involved in the disclosure of personal information through the adoption of reasonable physical, technical and organizational procedures appropriate to the sensitivity of the data in an effort to safeguard the personal information you provide to us; and
provides you with updates if there are any changes to this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices through announcements on our website.
The service providers with whom Safety Media may share your personal information include service providers operating outside Canada including in the United States of America and India. Your personal information may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities in the jurisdictions in which Safety Media’s service providers are located.
Even with physical, technical and organizational measures adopted by Safety Media to safeguard your personal information, there is a residual risk of the loss of, unauthorized access to or unauthorized disclosure of your information which could result in financial or other harm to you.
Further information with respect to our privacy practices is set out below.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We maintain information relating to our customers and their orders based upon information provided by you. Information is collected in placing orders and in the course of delivering our services. Only personal information that is reasonably necessary is collected. Types of information collected includes order, website usage, third party, financial and other information. The information we collect comes directly from you, our distributors or the website or is information relating to the delivery or performance of our services.
Order Information: As part of an order, we may ask an individual to provide various information including his or her name, street address, postal code, email address, occupation and such other information as may be reasonably requested by us from time to time.
Website Usage Information: Our website uses "cookies", a technology that installs information on a website user's computer to permit the website to recognize future visits using that computer. This information may include the date and time you access the website, the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to the website, the IP address assigned to you by your Internet service provider, the operating system and browser you are using and any information accessed on the website. Cookies enhance the convenience and use of the website. For example, the information provided through cookies is used to recognize you as a previous user of the website, to track your activity at the Website in order to respond to your needs, to offer personalized web page content and information for your use, and to otherwise facilitate your website experience. You may choose to decline cookies if your browser permits, but doing so may affect your use of the website and your ability to access certain features of the website.
Third-Party Information: We may collect information about customers or potential customers from third parties or from publicly available sources.
Financial Information: In processing electronic payments we may collect credit card information from you such as your card number or its expiration date.  For customers who have credit terms with us, we collect references, and information, such as accounts payable contact info as well. We also collect banking information for electronic payments
Other Information: We may collect personal information from you when you make inquiries about our products and services, request assistance through our customer service department or when you voluntarily subscribe to a Safety Media service or newsletter.
THIRD PARTIES
Our website and email messages sometimes contain hypertext links to the websites of third parties. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other web sites. Linked web sites are maintained by third parties. Such links are provided for your convenience and reference only. Safety Media does not operate or control, in any respect, any information, software, products or services available on such third-party web sites. The inclusion of a link to a website does not imply any endorsement of the services or the site, its contents, or its sponsoring organization.
WHAT DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR?
Safety Media collects and uses personal information that you provide or that we collect through your use of our website, our products and services, Commercial Fire and Safety’s software, products or services (when accessed through the website) or from the emails we send for the following purposes:
To register you with our website and to authenticate users for security purposes;
To allow you to purchase our products and those of our partners (including Commercial Fire and Safety’s C20/20 software, products and services) according to our Terms and Conditions of Sale.
To allow us to process payments for products that you purchase and to give refunds or exchanges;
To provide you with the products and services that you have purchased from us and any receipts of purchase, including to deliver your products, and to send you order status updates;
To provide customer service and support to you;
To contact you in connection with your orders, account and your inquiries;
To administer our website, user account(s) and to manage the emails that we send;
To track your activity on our website;
To advertise, directly or indirectly, to individuals using the Internet, direct mail or telemarketing.
As permitted by, and to comply with, applicable laws and regulations;
To protect you, our customers and us against fraud;
To notify you in connection with any changes to our services or this Policy;
If you opted in to allow us to do so, to communicate with you about Safety Media and our products; and
Other purposes permitted by law.
HOW DO WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use a combination of electronic and paper-based records. Safety Media stores and processes personal information provided to it or that it collects on servers hosted by Amazon.com Inc. or its affiliates (collectively, “Amazon”), Freshworks Inc. (“Freshworks”), Google LLC or its affiliates (collectively, “Google"), Datto Inc. (“Datto”) and other service providers used by Safety Media. Safety Media may, in the future, use other service providers to store and process your personal information. Amazon, Freshworks, Google and Datto are only permitted, and all other service providers are only and will only be permitted, to store and process your personal information, and are not otherwise authorized to collect, use or disclose your personal information, except in accordance with the purposes set out in this Policy or as required by applicable law.
Safety Media also maintains digital records on its computer system. This system includes laptops and other devices containing digital storage which may from time to time possess personal information and may be transported off premises by Safety Media’s employees. Physical records of personal information may also be maintained at Safety Media’s offices when it is impractical or is otherwise inconvenient to store information digitally.
We store the personal information we collect at our offices in Toronto Ontario, Canada or on servers located elsewhere in Canada or the United States. However, we may transfer your personal information to affiliates or other trusted third parties based in North America so that they may store and process personal information on our behalf. By using our services or otherwise providing us with personal information, you agree to transferring your personal information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy and applicable data protection laws and regulations.
You should be aware that many countries do not afford the same legal protection to personal information as is provided in Canada. While your personal information is in another country, it may be accessed by the courts, law enforcement and national security authorities in that country in accordance with its laws. Subject to such lawful access requests, anyone processing your personal information outside your country of origin is required to implement measures to protect it and is only entitled to process it in accordance with our instructions.
We take reasonable precautions to keep your personal information secure and require any third parties that handle or process your personal information for us to do the same. Access to your personal information is restricted to prevent unauthorised access, modification or misuse and is only permitted among our employees and agents on a need-to-know basis. Notwithstanding such measures, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent our computers from being illegally accessed, and the personal information stored on them stolen or altered.
DO WE DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?
We will keep personal information that you provide to us private, and will disclose such personal information only in accordance with this Policy.
Safety Media does not sell, rent, or lease to third parties any personal information it collects from you. Safety Media may disclose or share personal information with its authorized employees, agents, affiliates, service providers and legal representatives for the purposes described in this Policy. We may also disclose personal information to third parties when necessary to provide a product or service that a person orders from such third party when responding to offers provided by us. We also share your personal information with service providers such as Google for web analytics, Freshworks for cloud-based help desk services, Amazon for cloud-based hosting and Datto for secure file backup. Safety Media also shares your personal information with its payment processors, Moneris (for US currency transactions) and TD Merchant Services (for CDN currency transactions) or other payment processors used by us in the future. If Safety Media is involved in the sale or transfer of some or all of its business, then Safety Media may disclose your personal information in connection with the transfer or sale but will require the acquiring organization to agree to protect the confidentiality of your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this Policy. Safety Media may also sell or transfer non-individualized information, such as summary or aggregated de-identified personal information.
We will not otherwise share your personal information with third parties without your consent, unless authorized or required by law or as disclosed to you when the information is collected (including in this Policy). Safety Media may disclose your personal information to a government institution or agency that has asserted its lawful authority to obtain the information or where Safety Media has reasonable grounds to believe the information could be useful in the investigation of an unlawful activity, or to comply with a subpoena or warrant or an order made by a court, person or body with jurisdiction to compel the production of information, or to comply with court rules regarding the production of records and information, or to protect the Safety Media’s rights and property.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR PRIVACY?
We keep the personal information we collect about you confidential in accordance with this Policy and have adopted reasonable physical, technical and organizational procedures appropriate to the sensitivity of the data to safeguard the personal information you provide to us. Notwithstanding these measures, no collection, storage or transmission of information over the Internet on websites or otherwise can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and therefore we cannot ensure, warrant or guarantee the security of any such information.
VERIFYING AND AMENDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law, you will be given reasonable access to your personal information held by us and you may request that your personal information be corrected or updated. Please e-mail our Privacy Officer at privacy@safetymedia.com  and we will assist you. You may be required to put your request in writing to confirm your request and identity. It is your responsibility to notify us of any changes to your personal information, including contact information, so we can contact you and inform you about updates to this Policy and any other relevant information with respect to your account and use of our products and services.
CONSENT
By providing us with your personal information, you consent to the collection, use, storage and disclosure of personal information for the purposes identified in this Policy.
You may withdraw your consent to the collection, use, storage and disclosure of personal information about you at any time. To do this, please contact us by email at: privacy@safetymedia.com.  Please note that withdrawal of your consent to the collection, use, disclosure and storage of personal information may result in you being unable to continue to use our services.
Privacy Policy Changes and Updates
From time to time, we may need to update this Policy or our privacy practices. We will let you know by posting changes on our website. Changes will be effective at the time of posting. It is your responsibility to review our website for any changes.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on April 24, 2020.
QUESTIONS?
If you would like more information about this Policy or the personal information collection, use, storage and disclosure policies and practices of the Safety Media, including in respect of our policies and practices with respect to service providers outside Canada, please contact our Privacy Officer by e-mail at: privacy@safetymedia.com .
Please let us know your questions or concerns and we will do our best to help you.
Contact Us
1-800-420-9737
My Account
Help
About Us
Don't miss out on fire & life safety news, regulatory updates, product news and promotions.
Connect with us
Safety Media Inc. © 2020. All Rights Reserved. Powered by zeckoShop