https://sageproducts.com/privacy-policy/
Contact Us 800.323.2220
Stryker Home care Select Your Country
Products
Infection PreventionUrine Management for Female Anatomy
Urine Management for Male Anatomy
2% CHG Cloths
Pre-Op Prepping Systems
Oral Hygiene for Ventilated Patients
Oral Hygiene for Non-Ventilated Patients
Skin Injury PreventionUrine Management for Female Anatomy
Urine Management for Male Anatomy
Incontinence Care
Turning and Positioning Systems
Seated Positioning System
Heel Protection
Healthcare Worker Injury PreventionNEW! Lateral Transfer
Turning and Positioning Systems
Seated Positioning System
Basin EliminationIncontinence Care
Meatal Cleansing
Prepackaged Bathing
Hair Care
Solve Flushing Problems
Product EducationMSDS/SDS Sheets
Training Center
Clinical Information
Infection PreventionReducing Surgical Complications: SSI
Reducing Risk Factors for CAUTI
Reducing VAP/HAP Risk Factors
Skin Injury PreventionPreventing Incontinence-Associated Dermatitis
Preventing Sacral Pressure Injuries
Preventing Heel Pressure Injuries
Compliance to The Seated Position
Healthcare Worker Injury PreventionPreventing Healthcare Worker Injury
Education
Clinical EducationClinical Expert Bureau
FocusRN
Grant Support Request
Product EducationMSDS/SDS Sheets
Training Center
Support
Clinical AffairsClinical Research Support
Medical Information Request Form
Personalized ServicesSales
Customer Service
CustomerOne Value Analysis
Product EducationMSDS/SDS Sheets
Training Center
Careers
About Us
Company InformationMission, Vision, Values
Company Profile
Leadership
History
Quality Commitment
Purchasing and Supplier Management
Privacy Policy
News RoomNews & Media
Social Responsibility Community Involvement
Environmental Commitment
Contact UsContact Information
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Sage Products website. On some pages you may make requests or register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Facility Name
Title
If You Send Us Personal Information
If you choose to provide us with personal information through an e-mail, form, or literature order, we store your information so that we can respond electronically. Sage Products does not disclose, give, sell, or transfer any personal information about our visitors, to any outside individual or entity unless required for law enforcement or by statute.
Our Anti-Spam Policy
Sageproducts.com does not allow, endorse or utilize SPAM emails. The primary method of email communication from sageproducts.com is the Educational Material Update Email. No one is subscribed to this email without their permission. If you receive this email, either you, or someone you know, subscribed via our website at www.sageproducts.com. In each email, we include instructions for unsubscribing, allowing you to easily opt-out of our subscriber list at any time.
If you receive an email communication from sageproducts.com that is not in the form of the newsletter, it will be in the form of an email relating to product, literature, employment applications or ordering information that you may have inquired about.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Changes to this Policy
Sage Products reserves the right to amend this policy at any time. Our current privacy policy applies to all information we have about you. We encourage you to check our Web site frequently to review the current privacy policy.