https://sampling.co.uk/privacy/
Privacy PolicySampling Systems Ltd. – Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Sampling Systems uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website or contact us.
Sampling Systems is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Sampling Systems may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from May 2012.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
– Name and job title
– contact information including email address
– Demographic information such as address, preferences and interests
– Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
From time to time, we may use the information for marketing purposes. We may send you new brochures, newsletters, information about special offers etc. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
If you do not wish to be sent marketing material (new brochures, special offers etc.) please send an email to info@sampling.com and your details will be immediately removed from our database.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure,we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
This site does not use cookies.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
To find out what information we hold about you, you may contact us in writing or by emailing us at privacy.sampling.com.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact us.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Sampling Systems Company Information
VAT No: GB 688060312
Company Registration No: 1731816
Registered Address: 4 & 5 Forge Mills Park, Station Road, Coleshill, B46 1JH. England.
Tel: +44 (0)1675 466992
1-888-414-6448 (Toll Free from USA)
Email:info@sampling.com
Copyright © Sampling Systems Ltd. 2020. All rights reserved. Click here for more information. ‘SteriWare’ and ‘FreeGlide’ are Trade Marks of Sampling Systems Ltd.
Reproduction of this website or any of its content is forbidden without written consent.
This website uses cookies – click here for our cookie policy
Scroll to top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.