https://samsonmedia.net/privacy-policy/
973.744.6621
production@samsonmedia.net
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
RSS
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
RSS
Samson Media, LLC
8 windsor Place
Monclair, NJ 070343
info@samsonmedia.net
973.744.6621
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this website collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Tracking Pixels, Usage Data, first name and email address which is voluntarily submitted by the user to email and newsletter signups throughout the site.  Users can opt-out at any time from email communications  via the opt-out link at the bottom of all email communications.  .
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this Website or by the owners of third party services used by this Website, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify Users and remember their preferences, for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the User.
Users are responsible for any Personal Data of third parties obtained, published or shared through this Website and confirm that they have the third party’s consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
Remarketing
Samson Media may use 3rd party vendor re-marketing tracking cookies, including the Facebook tracking pixel. This means we will continue to show ads to you across the internet, specifically on Facebook. As always we respect your privacy and are not collecting any identifiable information through the use of Facebook’s or any other 3rd party remarketing system.
The third-party vendors, including Facebook, whose services we use – will place cookies on web browsers in order to serve ads based on past visits to our website. – Third party vendors, including Facebook, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website. This allows us to make special offers and continue to market our services to those who have shown interest in our service.
The use of the collected Data
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow Samson Media to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes: sending ebook, newsletter signups, Analytics, Heat mapping and session recording and Contacting the User.
The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
Contacting the User
Heat mapping and session recording
Ebook fullfillment
Email newsletters
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User’s Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by Samson Media, in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Website or the related services.
The User declares to be aware that Samson Media may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User’s Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Website may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Website and any third party services may collect files that record interaction with this Website (System logs) or use for this purpose other Personal Data (such as IP Address).
Information not contained in this policy
Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Data has been stored and can consult Samson Media to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to Samson Media at the contact information set out above.
This Website does not support “Do Not Track” requests.
To determine whether any of the third party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
Samson Media reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this Website and can request that Samson Media remove the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data Samson Media has about Users.
Information about this privacy policy
Samson Media, LLC is responsible for this privacy policy,
Updated January 14, 2020