https://sana.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy discloses our privacy practices and how
we may use the information that we gather on our website (the “Site”) or that
you provide to Sana Biotechnology, Inc. or its affiliates (“Sana”) through
other means.  By using the Site or
voluntarily providing personal information to us, you consent to the terms of
this Privacy Policy.  Sana may update
this Privacy Policy from time-to-time in our sole discretion and will post the
current version on the Site. It is your responsibility to review the Privacy
Policy for any changes when you use the Site.
Categories of Information Collected
Information you provide to us. We may collect personal information from you in a variety of ways in connection with activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. This information may include, without limitation, your name, address, email address, phone number, cell phone number, and demographic information. Additionally, if you participate in certain Sana programs we may collect certain health related information about you, including without limitation, your medications, your health history, and other information which may be deemed “Protected Health Information” as defined in the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and its implementing regulations, and in particular at 45 C.F.R. § 160.103, as it may be amended from time to time.
Information we collect automatically. In certain circumstances, we may collect information from you automatically, such as your IP address or information about the ways you browse and interact with our Site.  For more information, see our Cookie Policy, below.
Purposes of Collection
Sana may collect and use the categories of personal information described above for the following purposes:
To improve the Site;To notify you about updates to the Site;Internal business analysis or other business purposes consistent with our mission; To prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities or to enforce this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use;To carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent; To comply with applicable laws, court orders, or legal processes; and To contact you or communicate with you.
We may use non-personal information for any purpose.
Third Parties With Whom We Share the Categories of Personal Information Collected
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. However, we may share any information we receive with vendors, service providers, and business partners that we use to help us provide and improve our services. We may aggregate and anonymize data collected through our services and Site and use and share such information with our business partners, services providers, affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
In the event that a division, assets or part or all of Sana is bought, sold or otherwise transferred, or is in the process of a potential transaction, your information will likely be shared for evaluation purposes and be included among the transferred business assets.
Sana may also disclose specific information when such disclosure appears necessary to comply with the law, a subpoena or other litigation process or to protect the interests or safety of its visitors and customers, employees or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
How we protect your information
We adopt reasonable data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information and data stored on our Site.  However, no commercial method of information transfer over the internet or electronic data storage is known to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage in our systems.
Cookie Policy
Sana may use tracking technology (“Cookies”) to help make
the Site more user-friendly, efficient, and secure. This Cookie Policy provides
you with information on the use of Cookies on the Site, as applicable.
Cookies will not harm your PC and do not contain any
viruses. Nevertheless, if you do not want to use cookies, this will not prevent
you from accessing the Site. The “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers
may provide information on how your browser may be configured so that cookies
can be accepted with your permission or completely blocked. You may be able to
change your browser settings so that they do not allow Cookies to be accepted
or saved at any time. You can also delete Cookies that have already been saved
at any time.
Kindly note however that if you decline Cookies on the Site,
some functions on the Site may be limited or unavailable. As a result, to make
it easier to use the Site, we recommend that your browser settings accept
Cookies on the Site.
Please note that we may also use the Google Analytics tool. To learn how Google Analytics collects and processes data, please visit: “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners.
Do Not Track
Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can
set in some web browsers, allowing users to opt out of tracking by websites and
online services. At the present time, the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has
not yet established universal standards for recognizable DNT signals and
therefore, Sana and the Site do not recognize DNT.
Third Party Sites
This Privacy Policy does not cover, supersede or affect the terms of any policy or agreement between you and any third party (such as third party credit card processors, Facebook, LinkedIn, our partners, advertisers, vendors or other third parties who appear on the Site or who link to or from the Site and other parties with whom you share personal information) (“Third Party Sites”). If you choose to do business with or provide personal information to such Third Party Sites, you do so entirely at your own risk and we have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these Third Party Sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of the Site and welcome any feedback about these Third Party Sites (including if a specific link does not work).
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Sana has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time, and we will post the current version on the Site. Your continued relationship with us after the posting or notice of any amended Privacy Policy will constitute your agreement to be bound by any such changes. Any changes to this Privacy Policy take effect immediately after being posted or otherwise provided by us.
Children’s Privacy
Sana is concerned about the privacy and safety of children when they use the Internet. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent. Our products and services are for adults only and our Site is not directed at children.
Your California Privacy Rights
Under the law of certain states, including California Civil
Code § 1798.83, you are entitled once per calendar year to obtain information
from us about who your personal information has been shared with for their own
direct marketing purposes. In order to obtain this information, if applicable,
or for other questions or comments regarding our privacy policies, you may
contact us as described below.
If you are a California resident, California law provides
you with the following additional rights with respect to your personal
information, subject to certain limitations:
The right to know what personal information we have collected, used, disclosed and sold about you.
To submit a request to know, you may call or contact us by any of the means indicated on the Sana Contact Us webpage.
You also may designate an authorized agent to make a request for access on your behalf by contacting us by any of the means indicated on the Sana Contact Us webpage.The right to request that we delete any personal information we have collected about you.
To submit a request for deletion, you may call or contact us by any of the means indicated on the Sana Contact Us webpage.
You also may designate an authorized agent to make a request for deletion on your behalf by contacting us by any of the means indicated on the Sana Contact Us webpage.
When you exercise these rights and submit a request to us,
we will verify your identity by asking you for your email address, telephone
number, or other information about you.
We also may use a third party verification provider to verify your
identity.
For the 12-month period prior to the date of this Privacy
Policy, Sana has not sold any personal information about California residents;
nor does it have any plans to do so in the future.
Transferring Information to Other Countries
It is important to note that the Site is offered under
United States law. If you are not in the United States, you understand and
agree that we may transfer to and store your personal information in the United
States, which—depending on where you are located—may not be viewed as having
the same data protections as the country where you reside. We may also transfer
your information to other countries, which may have different data protections
laws from the United States. By using the Sites and/or providing us with your
information, you consent to such transfers.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, and Sana’s policies and practices with respect to personal information, please contact us by any of the means indicated on the Sana Contact Us page.
Terms of Use
This website
(the “Site”), is provided by Sana Biotechnology, Inc. and its
affiliates (“Sana,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) to the person accessing the Site (“you,”
or “your”).
1. You Agree to These Terms by Using the Site
Your access to, and use of, the Site is subject to these Website
Terms of Use (“Terms of Use”) and all applicable laws and regulations.  By accessing and using the Site, you accept,
without limitation or qualification, these Terms of Use.  Sana may, at any time and without notice,
modify these Terms of Use.  If we modify
these Terms of Use, we will post the revised Terms of Use on the Site.  Your continued use of the Site constitutes
your acceptance of any such revisions.
You should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current
Terms of Use.  You may not modify these
Terms of Use except in a writing signed by Sana.  Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement
between you and us and govern your use of the Site, and supersede any and all
prior agreements, written or oral, between you and us regarding the Site
(including, without limitation, any prior versions of these Terms of Use).
If you do not agree and accept, without limitation or
qualification, these Terms of Use, you must exit the Site immediately.
2. Permitted Use of the Site
The information and materials on the Site are provided for general informational purposes. You may use the Site solely for the purpose of learning about Sana services or products.  You may not use, modify, reproduce, display, perform, or distribute the text, graphics, downloads, Trademarks, videos, audio, or images or any other content on the Site for any commercial, non-personal purpose without Sana’s written permission. You should assume that everything you see or read on this Site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms of Use or in the text on the Site without Sana’s written permission. We do not represent or warrant that any information on the Site does not infringe or violate the intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights of any third party.
3. No Medical Advice
The information on the
Site is not medical advice.  If you have a medical condition, please
contact your physician or healthcare provider.
4. Notice; Electronic Communications
When you visit the Site or send e-mails to Sana, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on the Site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
5. Privacy
Sana’s Privacy Policy (above) is incorporated and made part of these Terms of Use.  You hereby agree to such Privacy Policy.  Any personal data (for example, your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address) that you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise will be used by Sana in accordance with the Privacy Policy. Any other communication or material you transmit to the Site, such as questions, comments, suggestions or the like, will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary.
6. Disclaimer; Warranties and Representations
The site, its content, materials, SERVICES and products on thE site are provided “as is.”   To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, SANA HEREBY disclaims all warranties and indemnities, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
Sana does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in
the Site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be
corrected, or that the Site or the server that makes the Site available are
free of viruses or other harmful components. Sana does not make any warranties
or representations regarding the use of the materials on the Site in terms of
their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or
otherwise. Sana does not make any warranties or representations regarding the
security of your personal information. Some states do not permit limitations or
exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
7. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Sana and its affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and partners from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from or arising out of any violation of these Terms of Use by you or any other person accessing the Site using your Internet account.
8. Limitations of Liability
YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.  NEITHER SANA, NOR ANY OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS, NOR ANY OF ITS AGENTS OR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SITE OR ITS CONTENT, ARE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THE SITE WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGES.
9. Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Sana may link to sites operated by third parties (“Linked Sites”). Sana has no control over Linked Sites, all of which may have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Sana.  Linked Sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. The availability of any Linked Site is not an endorsement of the content, or any products or services available on such sites, or an endorsement of any Linked Site’s owners, or its providers. You acknowledge and agree that you access these Linked Sites at your own risk.  Any interactions or business dealings with advertisers or third parties other than Sana found on or through our Site are solely between you and such advertiser or other third party. Without limiting the foregoing, Sana will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any actual or alleged damage or loss caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Linked Site and Sana expressly disclaims any responsibility for such sites.
Sana does not endorse the content, or any products or services
available, on such sites.  Nonetheless, Sana
seeks to protect the integrity of its Site and the links placed upon it and
therefore requests any feedback on not only its own Site, but for sites it links
to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
10. Trademarks
The trademarks, service marks, trade names and logos, whether registered or unregistered (collectively, the “Trademarks”) displayed on the Site are Trademarks of Sana and others.  You may not use any Trademarks displayed on the Site without our written consent.  Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use an Trademark displayed on the Site.  You may not link to the Site without our prior written consent.
11. Copyright
Copyright © 2020
Sana Biotechnology, Inc.  ALL RIGHTS RESERVED WORLDWIDE.
All content included on the Site, such as text, graphics, logos,
button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and
software, is the property of Sana or its content suppliers, and you should
assume is protected by United States and international copyright laws. The
compilation of all content on the Site is the exclusive property of Sana and
protected by United States and international copyright laws. All software used
on the Site is the property of Sana or its software suppliers, and you should
assume is protected by United States and international copyright laws.  You agree not to change or delete any
proprietary notices from materials printed or downloaded from the Site.
12. Export Control
Software and other materials downloaded or otherwise made
available from the Site may be subject to United States Export Control. The
United States Export Control laws prohibit the export of certain technical data
and software to certain territories. No software from the Site may be
downloaded or exported: into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq,
Libya, North Korea, Iran, Sudan, Syria, or any other country to which the
United States has embargoed goods; or anyone on the United States Treasury
Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the United States
Commerce Department’s Table of Deny Orders.
Sana does not authorize the downloading or exportation of any
software or technical data from the Site to any jurisdiction prohibited by the
United States Export Control Laws.
13. Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms of Use and your use of the Site are governed by the laws of the State of Washington, without regard to or application of its conflict of law provisions or your state or country of residence. All claims, legal proceedings or litigation arising in connection with the Site or these Terms of Use will be brought solely in the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington or the state courts located King County in the State of Washington (in each case, in any court having jurisdiction over appeals from such courts), as appropriate, and you consent to the jurisdiction of and venue in such courts and waive any objection as to inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we will at all times have the right to commence proceedings in any other court of our choice with the appropriate jurisdiction for interim injunctive relief.   To the extent allowed by applicable law, any claim or cause of action arising from or relating to your access or use of the Site must be brought within one year from the date on which such claim or action arose or accrued.
14. Assignment
Sana may assign its rights and duties under these Terms of Use to any party at any time without notice to you.  You may not assign or otherwise transfer the Terms of Use or any right granted hereunder. Any assignment in violation of this section will be null and void.
15. Questions and Feedback
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about the Site. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to the Site to contact@sana.com. If you choose to submit questions, comments, ideas, feedback or the like, you agree that we are free to use them for any purpose without any restriction or compensation to you. Our use of such information may include but is not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products. By accepting your submission, Sana does not give up any rights to use similar or related feedback, ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques or other information previously known to us, or developed by our employees, or obtained from sources other than you.
16. General
Any express waiver or failure to exercise promptly any right under the Terms of Use will not create a continuing waiver or any expectation of non-enforcement. If any provision of these Terms of Use is held invalid by any law or regulation of any government, or by any court or arbitrator, the parties agree that such provision will be replaced with a new provision that accomplishes the original business purpose, and the other provisions of the Terms of Use will remain in full force and effect. Sana reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as Sana deems necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in Sana’s sole discretion.You agree that Sana may provide notice to you via email, regular mail, or posting notices or links to notices on our Site. A printed version of these Terms of Use and of any notices given in electronic form will be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms of Use to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
This document was last updated on January 6, 2020.
We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By continuing to use this website, you agree to the use of cookies.
To learn more about how we use cookies, please see our Privacy Policy
Ok, Got it!