https://sansiveri.com/privacy-policy/
Secure File Transfer
Make a Payment
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Privacy Policy
We believe it is important for you to know how we treat your personal information. The terms of this Privacy Policy apply to all users of this site. Below you will find answers to a few questions regarding the details of our Privacy Policy.
What information does Sansiveri, Kimball & Co., L.L.P. collect about me on this Site?
Sansiveri, Kimball & Co., L.L.P. (Sansiveri) collects personally identifiable information that you may voluntarily provide on online forms, which may include user registration, contact requests, guest comments, online surveys, and other online activities. The personally identifiable information collected on this site can include some or all of the following: your name, address, telephone number, e-mail addresses, demographic information, and any other information you may voluntarily provide. You will have the choice whether to disclose such Personal Information in the above activities; however, some parts of the Site and some services may not be available if you choose not to disclose Personal Information.
At the time of registration, you will have the option to receive future offers and updates from Sansiveri by checking the appropriate opt-in box. If you choose to opt-in, your personal Information will be kept in a secured database and we will alert you via e-mail to new features, special offers, updated information and new services.
What does Sansiveri do with the information collected?
We do not share your email address or contact information with anyone, except to complete your request or as required by law. Sansiveri may use your Personal Information for any of the following purposes: (1) to understand the use of the Site and make improvements; (2) to register visitors for online activities such as: online ordering, surveys, employment applications, comment forms, or any other online interactive activities; (3) to respond to specific requests from visitors; (4) to protect the security or integrity of the Site if necessary; (5) to send informational news articles, tips or event information; and (6) in general, to promote and market the Company’s business and various services.
Get in TouchHow can we help you define the future?Contact Us
Contact Us
Terms and Agreements
Privacy Policy
Circular 230 Disclaimer
Secure File Transfer
Secure File Transfer
Make a Payment
Sansiveri, Kimball & Co., LLP Since 1975, Sansiveri has been providing audit, accounting, forensic, financial planning, valuation, tax, strategic planning, and business counsel to businesses and their management teams throughout Southeastern New England.
Reach Out 50 Holden Street Providence, RI 02908 Phone: 401-331-0500 Email: tellmemore@sansiveri.com
© 2020 Sansiveri, Kimball & Co., LLP.
Industries
Construction & Real Estate
Healthcare
Manufacturing, Distribution, & Retail
Nonprofits
Professional Services
Capabilities
Audit & Accounting
Business Strategy
Business Valuation
Employee Benefit Plan Audits
Financial Planning & Investment Management
Forensic Services
High Net-Worth Individuals & Family Groups
Tax Consulting & Compliance
Careers
About
Team
Contact
Secure File Transfer
Make a Payment