https://sanuvox.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
At Sanuvox Technologies Inc. (“Sanuvox”), your privacy is important to us. This statement sets out our privacy practices with respect to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information on this site. Personal information is information that is personally identifiable to you. Personal information may include your name, e-mail address and mailing address. Visitors to this Web site are not requested to reveal any personal information. However, on a voluntary basis, you may provide and disclose personal information to us in using certain features of our site, such as the Career section of this site. Sanuvox will never disclose, sell or lease to any third party, any personal information that you provide on this site without your permission, unless we are required to do so by law.ACCESSIf you have already requested to be part of a mailing list, you may cancel your profile by going back to the section where you created that request or by contacting us using the information provided at the end of this privacy statement. If you have previously provided us with personal information and wish to verify it or have the information removed from our records or corrected, please contact us using the information provided at the end of this privacy statement.You have the right to access the personal information that we have collected from you to correct and update it, subject to certain exceptions provided by law. You may access some of your personal information by clicking on the “Login” tab on our website. In case you wish to access, update, rectify any other personal information about you, please send us your request in writing to: info@sanuvox.com. After verifying your personal information, please inform us of any inaccuracies so we can make the necessary corrections. We may ask for certain personal information to verify the identity of anyone attempting to access their personal information file.SECURITYYour personal information is treated as private, confidential information by Sanuvox and we strive to ensure that your personal information is always protected. To maintain the confidentiality of your personal information, this information is kept in a secure environment by Sanuvox. However, even though Sanuvox has implemented methods designed to ensure the protection of your personal information that are considered to be effective, we cannot guarantee that such information will not be lost, used unlawfully or modified in a fraudulent manner since no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely confidential. Consequently, we bear no liability for the use that may be made of the information by you or any third party.We maintain reasonable administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure of personal information that we hold. Your access to the Internet over some of your personal information may be protected by a password that only you will know. We strongly advise you not to reveal your password to anyone. Please note that despite the many efforts to protect your personal information, no procedure is currently 100% effective.We have established personal information archiving processes designed to keep your personal information only if necessary, to meet the above needs or to meet the requirements of the law.E-MAILIf you submit an e-mail inquiry to this site, any personal information you might submit at the same time will only be used by Sanuvox employees who need to have access to it in order to respond to your inquiry.CHANGESSanuvox reserves the right to change this privacy statement as it sees fit and without prior notice. However, we will ensure that any change to this statement follows privacy laws in effect in Canada and is posted on this page.WEBSITE INFORMATIONIn general, you can browse our website without providing us with your personal information. However, we collect IP addresses (Internet Protocol) and other information such as pages visited, browser type, operating system and the average time spent visiting our website for all our visitors. We use this information to help us understand the activities of our website and to monitor and improve our website.Connection CookiesOur website uses a technology called “Connection Cookies”. A cookie is a small piece of data that our website can send to your browser and can then be saved on your computer’s hard drive so that we can recognize you when you return to our website. A login cookie does not contain any personal information, but rather statistical information related to the websites visited, the number of times the site was visited and when. You can configure your computer to notify you when a connection cookie is sent, or to reject all connection cookie files. If you choose to reject all login cookies, some of the options on our web pages may not work, or your options may be limited. We may also use the services of a third party to help us collect and analyze information related to the pages you visit on our website in order to evaluate and improve our customer experience and ease of use of our website. Also, this will help us evaluate some specific information related to your website visits.Spy-Pixels & Internet BeaconsOur website could also use a technology called “Spy-Pixels” or “Internet Beacons”. This technology allows us to know which pages you visit on our website. These spy-pixels are used to improve and design our website according to your preferences and those of our future visitors. We may also use third parties to advertise on other websites. These companies may use web beacons or Internet beacons to disclose certain information (excluding your name, address, email address, and phone number) about your visits to our website and the websites that advertise and publish. links to our website to measure the effectiveness of our advertising.Links to third partiesOur website may contain links to other sites that are not owned or operated by Sanuvox. In addition, links to our website may appear on third-party websites on which we post advertising. Except as otherwise provided herein, we will not provide your personal information to any third party without your consent. Links to third-party websites on the Website are solely made available for your convenience. These links should not be considered as an endorsement of hyperlinked websites or as a reference to them. Web site links include separate and independent privacy statements, terms and conditions of use that you should read carefully. We have no control over these websites and, therefore, we will not be liable for the way in which these organizations collect, use or disclose, secure or process your personal information.Social MediaWe may offer you the opportunity to participate in our content on or through third-party social websites, plug-ins and applications. When you participate in our content on or through third-party social Internet sites, plug-ins and applications, this allows us to access certain information contained in your social media accounts (ex: your name, your username, your email address, your profile, your gender) to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the website, plug-in or application. When you provide us with personal information through your social media accounts, we may use that information to personalize your experience on third-party websites and on third-party networking sites, plug-ins, and apps. and so, offer you products or services you may need.EXTERNAL LINKSThis site may contain links that take you to other Web sites. This privacy statement does not extend to the data collection practices of third parties and Sanuvox does not assume any responsibility for the privacy practices, policies or actions of third parties.DATE COLLECTIONSanuvox occasionally uses the Google, Facebook or other display advertising networks to collect visitor data on our site and then serve targeted display ads to you on other sites. Our partners use technology such as cookies and web beacons to collect this data. For more information or to opt-out of this type of advertising, please visit Google and Facebook respective privacy policies.Sanuvox collects and uses personal information for the purposes of the following activities:To process and execute orders and merchandise returns made online;To create your account and provide you with the services offered on our website;To send you Sanuvox monthly newsletters by email;To help us to get to know you better in order to personalize and improve as much as possible our offer of services to satisfy the needs of our customers;To answer your questions, comments and observations. Maintaining a good relationship with our customers and knowing your comments is important to us; andTo process and respond to your job applications.Only personal information necessary for established purposes will be collected. That’s why the information collected will vary depending on your interaction with us. However, they may include some of the information listed below:– First and last name– Telephone number– Billing and Delivery Addresses– Email address– Comments and appreciation on a product– Curriculum vitae, letter of introduction and any other information related to your application for employmentDISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONSanuvox will not sell, rent, trade or otherwise disclose personal information collected without your consent, except as described herein.Service ProvidersWe may share your personal information with our associates or administrative service providers to better serve you. For example, we may use the services of suppliers to host our website, manage and analyze our data and the effectiveness of our advertising, send e-mails or other communications. Your personal information may be stored and processed by our associates and third-party service providers established in the United States or other jurisdictions. Only information related to their duties is provided to our service providers and they are not authorized to use or disclose any personal information for marketing or other purposes.LegalSanuvox, our Canadian and US partners and service providers may share your personal information if Canadian or US law so requires, or in response to a search warrant or other legally valid request or order or any other investigative body in case of breach of contract or contravention of a law. We may also disclose your personal information if it is necessary for the discovery, exercise or defense of a legal right or where permitted or required by law. Do not hesitate to contact us (as noted below) for any additional information you may require regarding the way our service providers use your personal information.Sale of the businessWe may transfer your personal information as assets in the event that we proceed to a merger or sale (including insolvency or bankruptcy related transfers) involving in whole or in in part Sanuvox or as part of a reorganization, or any change of control of the company.CHILD UNDER 13To protect children’s privacy our policy prohibits the collection of any personal information from children under 13 years of age.TO CONTACT US: COMMENTS & SUGGESTIONSFeel free to contact us for any questions, comments or observations related to how we or our service providers use your personal information, or to access your personal information.If you have any comments, questions or complaints regarding Sanuvox privacy statement or practices, please contact us at: info@sanuvox.com