https://sapiat.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of use
Introduction
The term ‘Sapiat Pte. Ltd.’, ‘Sapiat’, or ‘us’ or ‘we’ or ‘our’ refers to the owner of this website. Our registered office is Level 30, Six Battery Road, Singapore, 049909, Singapore. Our company registration number is 201836857C (Singapore). The term ‘you’ refers to you as the user or viewer of our website.
This website is for use only by financial services professionals acting in their professional capacity. It should not be used by private investors.
If you continue to browse and use this website (‘Site’), you are confirming to us that you are a financial services professional acting in your professional capacity and you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use which, together with our privacy policy, govern Sapiat’s relationship with you in relation to this Site. If you are not a financial services professional acting in your professional capacity or if you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our Site.
If we change these terms of use in any way, those changes will be posted on this page. These terms of use were last updated on 30th August 2019
Access to the Site
It is your responsibility to ensure that your computer system meets all the necessary technical specifications to enable you to access and use the Site and is compatible with the Site.
We may, from time to time, restrict access to certain features, parts or content of the Site to users who have registered with us. You must ensure that any registration details you provide are accurate. If you choose, or you are provided with, a log-in ID (such as a username and password or other identifier) as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential and must not reveal it to anyone else. You are responsible for all activities that occur under your log-in ID and must notify us immediately of any unauthorised use or other security breach of which you become aware. We reserve the right to disable any log-in ID, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use or if any details you provide for the purposes of registering as a user prove to be false.
We cannot guarantee the continuous, uninterrupted or error-free operability of the Site. There may be times when certain features, parts or content of the Site, or the entire Site, become unavailable (whether on a scheduled or unscheduled basis) or are modified, suspended or withdrawn by us, in our sole discretion, without notice to you. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any unavailability, modification, suspension or withdrawal of the Site, or any features, parts or content of the Site.
What you are allowed to do
You may only use the Site in accordance with these terms of use. You may retrieve and display content from the Site on a computer screen, print and copy individual pages and, subject to the next section, store such pages in electronic form. Additional terms may also apply to certain features, parts or content of the Site and, where they apply, will be displayed before you access the relevant features, parts or content.
What you are not allowed to do
Except to the extent expressly set out in these terms of use, you are not allowed to:
store pages of the Site on a server or other storage device connected to a network or create an electronic database by systematically downloading and storing all of the pages of the Site;remove or change any content of the Site or attempt to circumvent security or interfere with the proper working of the Site or the servers on which it is hosted; orcreate links to the Site from any other website, without our prior written consent, although you may link from a website that is operated by you provided the link is not misleading or deceptive and fairly indicates its destination, you do not imply that we endorse you, your website, or any products or services you offer, you link to (and do not frame or replicate) the home page of the Site, and the linked website does not contain any content that is unlawful, threatening, abusive, defamatory, pornographic, obscene, vulgar, indecent, offensive or which infringes on the intellectual property rights or other rights of any third party.
You must only use the Site and anything available from the Site for lawful purposes (complying with all applicable laws and regulations), in a responsible manner, and not in a way that might damage our name or reputation or that of any of our affiliates.
All rights granted to you under these terms of use will terminate immediately in the event that you are in breach of any of them.
Intellectual property rights
All intellectual property rights in any content of the Site (including text, graphics, software, photographs and other images, videos, sound, trademarks and logos) are owned by us or our licensors. Except as expressly set out here, nothing in these terms of use gives you any rights in respect of any intellectual property owned by us or our licensors and you acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading content from the Site. In the event you print off, copy or store pages from the Site (only as permitted by these terms of use), you must ensure that any copyright, trade mark or other intellectual property right notices contained in the original content are reproduced.
Content
We may change the format and content of the Site from time to time. You agree that your use of the Site is on an ‘as is’ and ‘as available’ basis and at your sole risk.
Whilst we try to make sure that all information contained on the Site (other than any user-generated content) is correct, it is not intended to amount to authority or advice on which reliance should be placed. You should check with us or the relevant information source before acting on any such information.
We make or give no representation or warranty as to the accuracy, completeness, currency, correctness, reliability, integrity, quality, fitness for purpose or originality of any content of the Site and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all implied warranties, conditions or other terms of any kind are hereby excluded and we accept no liability for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of you or anyone else using the Site or relying on any of its content.
We cannot and do not guarantee that any content of the Site will be free from viruses and/or other code that may have contaminating or destructive elements. It is your responsibility to implement appropriate IT security safeguards (including anti-virus and other security checks) to satisfy your particular requirements as to the safety and reliability of content.
Your personal information
Use of your personal information submitted to or via the Site is governed by our Privacy Policy.
External links
The Site may, from time to time, include links to external sites. We include these to provide you with access to information, products or services that you may find useful or interesting. We are not responsible for the content of these sites or for anything provided by them and do not guarantee that they will be continuously available. The fact that we include links to such external sites does not imply any endorsement of or association with their operators or promoters.
General
Nothing in these terms of use shall limit or exclude our liability to you for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or for fraudulent misrepresentation or any other liability that may not, under English law, be limited or excluded.
Subject to this, if you are a consumer and not a business user, in no event shall we be liable to you for any business losses, and if you are a business user, in no event shall we be liable to you for any indirect or consequential losses, or for any loss of profit, revenue, contracts, data, goodwill or other similar losses, and any liability we do have for losses you suffer is strictly limited, in all cases, to losses that were reasonably foreseeable.
These terms and conditions shall be governed by English law, except that (if you are a consumer and not a business user) and if you live in a country (which, for these purposes, includes Scotland or Northern Ireland) of the European Union other than England, there may be certain mandatory applicable laws of your country which apply for your benefit and protection in addition to or instead of certain provisions of English law.
You agree that any dispute between you and us regarding these terms and conditions or the Site will only be dealt with by the English courts, except that (if you are a consumer and not a business user) and if you live in a country (which, for these purposes, includes Scotland or Northern Ireland) of the European Union other than England, you can choose to bring legal proceedings either in your country or in England, but if we bring legal proceedings, we may only do so in your country.
Please email any questions, concerns or comments you have about these terms or the Site:
david@sapiat.com
Tel +44 20 7125 0492
Sapiat Pte. Ltd.
Level 30,
Six Battery Road,
Singapore, 049909
Singapore
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkNoPrivacy policy