https://sbe.org/sections/privacy_policy.php
Renew Membership
Log In
About Us
Who We Are
National Board of Directors
Committees
Headquarters Staff/Contact Us
Chapters
By-laws &
Canons of Ethics
National Calendar
News and Headlines
Print Publications
Press Releases / SBE Logo use
Electronic Publications
& Website
Advertising and Sponsorships
A Career in Broadcast Engineering
SBE History
Ennes Educational Foundation Trust
Whitepapers
SBE members connected worldwide
Connecting more than 5,500 members in 114 chapters throughout the U.S. and Hong Kong.
Membership
Join the SBE
Renew Membership Membership Categories Social Networking Locate Broadcast Product & Equipment Suppliers Insurance
Industry Links Member Search Contract Engineers Awards & Recognitions
Chapters
Find a Chapter SBE HAMnet (Chapter of the Air) Chapter Calendars Chapter Rosters Awards Program Chapter Administration
SBE Chapters
114 SBE chapters provide educational programs, professional recognition and networking opportunities to members.
Certification
Why be Certified Certification Levels Applications Exam Schedule Exam Preparation
RecertificationSBE Certified Schools Technical Books CertPreview (study guide)
Education
SBE University Online - On-Demand SBE Webinars Live & Recorded Ennes Workshops SBE Leadership Development Course
Conferences Schools/Scholarships Technical Books Ennes Educational Foundation Trust
Mentor Program Whitepapers
New Products
Legislative/Advocacy
Legislative Issues/Positions SBE's Filings with the FCC EAS Issues & News Contacting Elected Officials
Government Relations
The SBE is an advocate on behalf of our members with regulators and legislators on issues that affect broadcast engineers and broadcast engineering.
Frequency Coordination
Frequency Coordinators by State/City Local Coordination Event Coordination
Coordinator Accreditation Coordination Tools
Jobs
SBE JobsOnline
SBE Internships Online SBE Resume Service Contract Engineer Directory A Career in Broadcast Engineering
SBE Store
Technical Books Logo Items SBE Pins Join SBE Renew Membership
Contract Engineers List (free) Education Programs SBE CertPreview SBE Operator Handbooks
SBE
Mission, Scope, Who are Members of the SBE
Board of Directors
Officers and Directors
Meeting Minutes
Meeting Announcements
Elections
Committees
Staff
Chapters
By-laws & Ethics
Calendar
News & Headlines
Headlines
The Signal Newsletter
SBE-news
twice-monthly e-newsletter
SBE Membership Directory & Buyers' Guide
SBE Career Advancement Newsletter
monthly
SBE Connector Youth and Educator e-newsletter
Press Releases
SBE Logo Use/Requests
Advertise with the SBE
Publications
E-Publications & Website
Advertising & Sponsorship
Careers
privacy_policy
›› Home ›› AboutPolicies
PRIVACY POLICY
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. The SBE may collect personally identifiable information when you visit our website. We may automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page(s) you visited. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to anyone.
SECURITY POLICY
Your payment and personal information is always safe. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.
REFUND POLICIES
Books and Software
The SBE provides a 30-Day Money Back Guarantee on books and software items purchased directly through the SBE. Books and CDs must be returned in salable condition to the SBE to receive the refund. Credit will be made to the credit card used at the time of purchase. Customer pays for return shipping.
Education Programs
Refunds for cancellation of a registration for the SBE Leadership Development Course ten (10) days or less from the start of the course will result in forfeiture of the full registration fee. Cancellation more than 10 days in advance will result in a $50 administrative fee being retained by SBE. There are no refunds after the course has been taken. Substitutions are welcome. The SBE reserves the right to cancel or reschedule a course due to insufficient participant registration.
Refunds for all other SBE educational programs presented live (webinars, Ennes Workshops, etc.) are not available once the program has been presented. Full refunds will be made for cancellations made prior to the presentation of live webinars and Ennes programs, except for those registered through SBE MemberPlus, where applicable. Refunds are not available for purchases of archived SBE educational programs, however, a substitution may be offered.
Membership and Certification
There are no refunds of fees paid for SBE membership dues (including SBE MemberPlus) SBE Certification or re-certification.
SHIPPING AND DELIVERY POLICY
Please be assured that your items will ship out within two weeks of purchase if through a third-party publisher, within one week if directly from the SBE. Third-party shippers determine their most efficient shipping carrier for your order. The carriers that may be used are: U.S. Postal Service (USPS), United Parcel Service (UPS) or FedEx. Shipments directly from the SBE are through the U.S. Postal Service (USPS). We cannot ship to P.O. boxes. If you require express or two-day shipping, please call us at 317-846-9000, M-F, 8:30 a.m. - 4 p.m. ET for charges.
SHIPPING AND HANDLING COSTS:
Shipping and handling are calculated by item. See the order form you are using for the shipping and handling cost. PLEASE NOTE: Orders received from outside Indiana will not be charged sales tax unless required by state or local law. Orders made from within Indiana will be charged 7% sales tax.
Quick Links
Join the SBE
SBE Leadership
Contact the SBE Staff
SBE Store
Speakers for Chapter Meetings
Find a Contract Engineer
Certification Information
Education Information
News & Headlines
SBE Calendar
Privacy, Security, Shipping and Refund Policy
© Society of Broadcast Engineers Inc. | 9102 North Meridian Street, Suite 150 | Indianapolis, IN 46260 | Phone: 317-846-9000
The Association for Broadcast and Multimedia Technology Professionals | SBE Privacy Policy