https://schultzmusic.com/privacy
Privacy Policy | Schultz Music Publications
Schultz Music Publications
The catalog of music by Robert Schultz
$0.000 items
Navigation
Search for:
Search
Home
About
Piano
Print Editions
Accelerando Technique Series
Pro Editions
Student Editions
Robert Schultz original works
Digital Library
Instrumental
Chamber Music
Orchestra
Vocal
Choral
Solo Voice
Recordings
Compact Discs
Listening Library
Out of print
Search for:
Search
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Schultz Music Publications collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the https://schultzmusic.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Schultz Music Publications.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personal identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Schultz Music Publications may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To process payments – We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To send periodic emails – We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. We may also send occasional email announcements about products or additions to our catalog. If a User does not wish to receive such email announcements they will have the ability to opt out by unsubscribing to any email announcement that they receive or by notifying us of their preference by email at schultzmusic@schultzmusic.com.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Our Site is in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure an environment as possible for Users.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent User’s personal identification information to others.
Changes to this privacy policy
Schultz Music Publications has the discretion to update these terms and all policies at any time. When we do, we will revise the  date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
BY USING THIS SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE YOUR AWARENESS AND UNDERSTANDING OF OUR POLICIES AND YOU ACCEPT ALL TERMS AND POLICIES AS STATED HEREIN.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Schultz Music Publications 5637 Beacon Street Pittsburgh, PA 15217
email: schultzmusic@schultzmusic.com
phone: 412-421-3230
https://schultzmusic.com
This document was last updated on April 20, 2017
About
Shop
My Account
Contact
Piano
Privacy
Instrumental
Purchasing
Vocal
Recordings
Out of Print
Site Map
Now Accepting:
© 2020 Robert Schultz. All Rights Reserved.