https://sddco.com/privacy-security/
SDDco WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to us. The SDDco Group (SDDco) is committed to handling information about you responsibly, and we respect and uphold your right to privacy. This SDDco Privacy Policy discloses how we collect and use information about you that SDDco obtains via www.sddco.com (“the Website”) and our privacy practices.
Agreement
By browsing the Website, you accept our Privacy Policy, without any limitations or qualifications, which in combination with the Terms of Use for the Website, form a legally binding agreement, and if you are not in full agreement, do exit the Website.
Regarding Minors
The Website is designed to describe our business services and is not designed to attract the interest of those under the age of eighteen.  SDDco does not knowingly request or collect any information from minors.
Information Collected
This site does not conduct e-commerce or the exchange of dollars for any purpose. This site does not maintain client account portals.  Aside from the limited use of cookies as explained below, SDDco does not collect any personal information from visitors on the Website. However, SDDco may collect Personally Identifiable Information, also known as PII, that you voluntarily supply via our contact forms.  We may use the information you provide to communicate back to you and to provide information about our firm and its services.  Under no circumstances are credit card numbers requested or retained.
Careers Section
Should you elect to apply for a position posted on the Website, your application and any resume related materials will be safely stored in the SDDco protected database, and SDDco holds the right to remove such documents at any time without notice.
Industry Links
Links to third party websites are provided for your convenience only.  Should you use the links provided, you will exit the Website. Be advised that SDDco is not responsible for any of the content or products available on third party sites, nor are we responsible for their privacy practices.  You access these sites at your own risk.
Use of Collected Information
SDDco does not sell or rent your information.  We do not disclose nonpublic personal information about you to nonaffiliated third parties or to affiliated entities, except as authorized –  if you request or authorize the disclosure of the information; As Permitted by Law – the sharing of information with an entity providing services on our behalf consistent with the purpose for which the information was collected; and As Required by Law – to respond to a judicial process or regulatory authorities.
Cookies
A “Cookie” is a type of technology that enables the Website to store bits of information in your browser that would be used only by our site as you visit.  Cookies enable a site to track traffic patterns.  SDDco does not use cookies to access Personally Identifiable Information.
Security of Non-Public Information
We faithfully restrict access to your non-public personal information to only those SDDco employees and other parties who must use that information to provide service to you. Their right to further disclose and use the information is limited by our employee code of conduct, our in-house Data Security Privacy Policy, applicable law, non-disclosure agreements, where applicable, and the Code of Professional Conduct of Certified Public Accountants.
SDDco’s Privacy Officer and data security committee regularly monitor and update our physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to comply with federal regulations to your non-public personal information.
SDDco reserves the right to make changes to this Website Privacy Policy statement as necessary. Subsequent use of the Website by you constitutes your agreement to any such alterations.
Subscribe to the SDDco Perspective Newsletter
Our SDDco Perspective includes industry news, guidance, regulatory rule updates, deadlines, and other timely matters impacting brokers, advisors, fintech firms, taxpayers, investors, and their service professionals.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks