http://seabrookwallcoverings.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
Login
Your cart is empty
History
Contact
Residential
Commercial
International
Drapery Hardware
History
Contact
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Seabrook Wallcoverings Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to privacy.
Seabrook will never share your personal information with any third party without your explicit permission to do so.
Your IP address may be used to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Web site, and to identify you and your shopping cart.
This Web site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart. A cookie is a small data file that many sites use. A cookie file can contain information such as your user ID that the site uses to track the pages you have visited. Cookies cannot read data that is on your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites.
The Seabrook site uses an order form for customers to place orders or to request information. We collect contact information from site visitors (such as their email addresses) and financial information (such as a credit card number for purchasing). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders to our customers and to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. The only purpose of collecting financial information is to bill the customer for purchases made while on the site.
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. Seabrook Wallcoverings, Inc. reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in its sole discretion.
SECURITY
This site has taken security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information that is under our control. We utilize industry-standard SSL connections during the product ordering process to ensure that your personal data is encrypted and secure throughout your shopping visit on our site.
LINKS
This site contains links to other sites. Seabrook Wallcoverings, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
LIST OF COOKIES WE COLLECT
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.