https://sealco.net/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
OVERVIEW
This Privacy Policy encompasses Bick Group Holdings, LLC, Bick Group, Inc., Sealco, Inc. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including collectively referred to in this policy document as “BICK,” we,” or “company.” This policy identifies how BICK collects, uses, process, shares, and protects Users’ Personal Data gathered through our websites and mobile applications (the “Services”). It also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your information and how you can contact us if you have any questions or concerns.
POLICY
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the processing of Personal Data BICK does on behalf of our customers. To learn more about the processing of your Personal Data in that context, please refer to the relevant customer’s privacy policy. The BICK Privacy Shield Notice supplements this Privacy Policy.
PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Personal Data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual who uses the Services (the “User”, or “you”). BICK obtains Personal Data relating to you from various sources described below.
Where applicable, BICK indicates whether and why you must provide BICKI with your Personal Data, as well as the consequences of failing to do so. If you do not provide Personal Data when requested, you may not be able to benefit from the Services, if that information is necessary to provide you with the Services or if BICK is legally required to collect it.
PERSONAL DATA PROVIDED BY YOU
BICK collects Personal Data that Users provide to the BICK website including, but not limited to:
Personal contact details (name, phone number, email address, etc.)
Company Name
Title
Country
IP address
Screen and user name
Password
Device ID
Users may choose to provide Personal Data through BICK websites. The ways in which users may provide the Personal Data, and the types of data Users may submit, are as follows:
Contact BICK: If a User communicates with BICK through the “Contact Us” link on BICK websites, BICK may ask for information such as name, email address, and telephone number. This allows BICK to respond to User questions and comments.
Request Technical Support: If a User requests technical support online, BICK will ask for information necessary to complete the transaction, such as name, location, and information about computer hardware, software, and the nature of the problem the user is experiencing. BICK may retain non-Personal Data concerning technical issues to provide the user with continuing support. This information may be made available to technical specialists in order to improve service for similar technical issues encountered by end users.
Marketing Communications: BICK may ask Users for contact details, including phone number, email address, and company name when downloading whitepapers or viewing webinars.
Careers: Users may be able to submit a resume and other information online to apply for a job with BICK. BICK may ask Users to provide email address, residence, education, work experience, and other Personal Data typically found on a resume. BICK may aggregate Personal Data, collected from a resume, with information from third parties when verifying the veracity of the Personal Data provided.
Public Forums and Blog Comment: Users may provide Personal Data in BICK’s publicly accessible blog or community forums. Users should be aware that any information provided in these areas may be read, collected, and used by other users who access the blog or forums.
Testimonial: BICK posts customer testimonials, which may contain Personal Data, on BICK websites. BICK obtains User consent via email prior to posting the testimonial in order to post the users name along with the testimonial.
BICK as Services and Solutions Provider: BICK may obtain various types of Personal Data about Users. This may include:
Contact information (points of contact (POCs), addresses, phone and fax numbers, and email addresses)
Information about products and services ordered or provided
INFORMATION COLLECTED VIA THIRD PARTIES
Information from Other Sources: We may also obtain information, including Personal Data, from other third parties and sources other than the above. This information may include Google Analytics, LinkedIn, Facebook, Directory Listing, which have lead generation forms, publisher email or member databases, email list vendors and the like.
Publicly accessible sources: We may collect information about you, including Social Network Profiles from publicly accessible sources, such as name, gender, age, job title, job function, education, location, and interests.
HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATA
The Personal Data that Users provide to BICK may be used to:
Operate, provide, and maintain the Services
Evaluate the quality of BICK products
Provide Users with information about services that may be of interest
Communications: BICK may send emails to an email address you provide to us (i) for customer service or technical support purposes; or (ii) to send you information about topics or content that we think may interest you or updates about the latest developments or features on the site. BICK also may send a newsletter to the email address you provide to us in the event that you subscribe to receive the newsletter.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Marketing Communications
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from BICK, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications. You may also opt out from receiving commercial email from us by sending your request to us by email at privacy@BICK.com. Please be aware that, even after you opt out from receiving commercial messages from us, you may continue to receive administrative messages from us regarding the Services.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Bick Group, Inc. is the entity responsible for the processing of your Personal Data. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or if you would like to exercise your rights to your Personal Data, you may contact us at privacy@BICK.com.
CONTACT US
Bick Group, Inc., is the entity responsible for the processing of your Personal Data. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or if you would like to exercise your rights to your Personal Data, you may contact us at privacy@BICK.com.