https://searchcio.techtarget.com/resources/Contract-negotiations-and-legal-issues
Contract negotiations and legal issues news, help and research - SearchCIO
SearchCIO
Search the TechTarget Network
Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access.
Login
Register
Techtarget Network
News
Features
Tips
More Content
Answers
Buyer's Guides
Definitions
Essential Guides
Opinions
Photo Stories
Podcasts
Quizzes
Tutorials
Sponsored Communities
SearchCIO
Topic
CIO mission
Cloud computing
Cybersecurity
Digital business transformation
BI and big data
Mobile strategy
Apps, infrastructure and operations
All Topics
SubTopic
Contracting and legal
CIO and IT salaries
Career development
Contracting and legal
Outsourcing
IT governance
Vertical industries
IT budgeting
Staff development/retention
Vendor management
Leadership and planning
ROI
Small-business IT strategy
All Subtopics
Follow:
Contract negotiations and legal issues
Contract negotiations and legal issues can be tricky areas for CIOs, given the mix of IT, legal and business topics. Learn more about evaluating your needs, weighing different options and picking a vendor with the news, tips and other resources on contract negotiations and legal issues in this topic section.
New & Notable
Tips to counter sales tactics thru server refresh lifecycle
9 steps to better IBM ELA negotiation results
Download this free guide
Limited-Time Download: Sizing Your SaaS Deal Correctly Most customers fail to accurately forecast their licensing demand which leads to over-and under-buying whereby users squander their negotiating leverage or eat up the discount they earned by buying underutilized shelf-ware. Use this resource to learn how to dodge those potential traps and how to apply deal sizing best practices to optimize your IT spend.Start Download
Corporate E-mail Address:You forgot to provide an Email Address.This email address doesn’t appear to be valid.This email address is already registered. Please login.You have exceeded the maximum character limit.Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address.I agree to TechTarget’s Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the transfer of my information to the United States for processing to provide me with relevant information as described in our Privacy Policy.Please check the box if you want to proceed.I agree to my information being processed by TechTarget and its Partners to contact me via phone, email, or other means regarding information relevant to my professional interests. I may unsubscribe at any time.Please check the box if you want to proceed.
By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent.
Sections
Vendor Resources
Optimize Cloud Adoption with Consumable Services, Chargeback Model
–White Paper
How Work Will Work Post-Pandemic
–Resource
Accelerate your move to Hybrid Cloud, with ease, via VMware Cloud on AWS
–White Paper
Contract negotiations and legal issues News
March 23, 2020
23
Mar'20
Coronavirus pandemic ups the IT contract negotiation game
IT contract negotiation has always been a difficult dance between customers and vendors, but the coronavirus pandemic means there are new rules to navigate on both sides.
October 29, 2019
29
Oct'19
ThoughtSpot-Qlik battle shines a light on non-compete contracts
ThoughtSpot and Qlik CEOs squabble online over controversial but widely used non-compete agreements and the larger impact these contracts have on the IT industry.
January 18, 2019
18
Jan'19
CIO role: Should a CIO manipulate information?
IT experts react to yesterday's report in the Wall Street Journal that a CIO used his private company to manipulate online polling data. What's that say about the CIO role?
November 30, 2018
30
Nov'18
AWS License Manager spotlights BYOL compliance
Many AWS customers use the bring-your-own-license model. Now, the cloud vendor has given them a tool to ensure they comply with third-party contract agreements.
Contract negotiations and legal issues Get Started
Bring yourself up to speed with our introductory content
9 steps to better IBM ELA negotiation results
Get a leg up on your next IBM enterprise licensing agreement or renewal. Following these nine steps will help prepare you to meet Big Blue across the negotiation table. Continue Reading
Is third-party threat a viable server maintenance contract tactic?
When negotiating server hardware and maintenance agreements with vendors, server customers can threaten to go elsewhere. But how effective is that tactic? Continue Reading
Best practices for better server lifecycle management deals
A buyer's playbook with granular forecasts of server refresh, upgrade, maintenance and precedent discount details strengthens your negotiation position with your server supplier. Continue Reading
Evaluate Contract negotiations and legal issues Vendors & Products
Weigh the pros and cons of technologies, products and projects you are considering.
Insight into Big Blue key to better IBM ELA renewals
Before negotiating a renewal of your IBM enterprise license agreement, get to know Big Blue's sales strategy and which factors influence its deal-making process. Continue Reading
CIO's breadth, depth, business savvy on display at Trace3 Evolve
Technology leaders from NetApp, First American and Experian were among those honored at the Trace3 Evolve event. Their outsized role in driving business value was on full display. Continue Reading
What is a smart contract and what's it good for?
Blockchain-based smart contracts promise to improve upon traditional legal contracts by validating conditions of a contract and enforcing outcomes through code. Continue Reading
Manage Contract negotiations and legal issues
Learn to apply best practices and optimize your operations.
Why SLA compliance should be top of mind for IT leaders
Service-level agreements are critical to measuring agreed-upon metrics and ensuring accountability of both parties. Learn more about the importance of SLA compliance in IT. Continue Reading
4 ways CIOs can drive IT cost savings during the pandemic
Here are four ways to drive tech savings amid the COVID-19 pandemic that can both yield quick wins and position organizations to better endure the pandemic's effects. Continue Reading
India lockdown exacerbates coronavirus impact on IT
As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact IT outsourcing with India service providers, organizations should consider the following approaches that can allow for more flexibility. Continue Reading
Problem Solve Contract negotiations and legal issues Issues
We’ve gathered up expert advice and tips from professionals like you so that the answers you need are always available.
search for answers
Tips to counter sales tactics thru server refresh lifecycle
See what you can do throughout the server lifecycle to counter the sales strategies of hardware vendors competing for customer dollars in a cutthroat market. Continue Reading
What is a top barrier to fruitful server refresh cycle negotiations?
Successfully countering server vendor sales tactics requires forecasting hardware and maintenance needs. Lacking a solid, consolidated forecast can be a recipe for failure. Continue Reading
Assess risk, forecast for IBM software licensing agreement success
When it's license renewal time, ClearEdge Partners recommends taking stock of the licenses you already have and determining how to allocate spending across your IBM ELA. Continue Reading
Latest TechTarget resources
Compliance
Health IT
Cloud Computing
Mobile Computing
Data Center
SearchCompliance
Understanding BC, resilience standards and how to comply
Follow these nine steps to first identify relevant business continuity and resilience standards and, second, launch a successful ...
CCPA compliance still unclear long past deadline
Despite the July 1 CCPA compliance deadline having long past, many executives are still unclear how the law applies to their ...
CMMC requirements set to ripple throughout DOD supply chain
The Department of Defense's CMMC requirements target defense contractors, but organizations throughout the DOD supply chain -- ...
SearchHealthIT
3 COVID-19 health system investments for better ROI, patient UX
Companies should consider robotic process automation, integrated telehealth and migrating from legacy systems to help lower costs...
Healthcare cybersecurity needs a dose of threat modeling
CISA senior advisor Josh Corman said healthcare CIOs should focus on threat modeling and stronger disaster recovery for better ...
Interest in wearable health devices grows despite challenges
Amazon Halo has advanced wearable devices in healthcare, but challenges of a growing digital divide and questions about their ...
SearchCloudComputing
A cloud services cheat sheet for AWS, Azure and Google Cloud
Don't know your Neptune from your Front Door? Check what AWS, Microsoft and Google call their foundational cloud services. And ...
The importance of cloud capacity management and how to do it
Running workloads in the cloud gives an organization access to unlimited resources. That's a good thing, but only if the IT team ...
Put an IT succession plan in place for your cloud team
IT is a small world. Before you leave your current company and role, make sure your successor has the right training, support and...
SearchMobileComputing
Learn 5 Microsoft Intune security features for mobile admins
Intune admins must be familiar with all the most essential security features that the platform offers. Learn about features such ...
Microsoft adding voice commands to Outlook mobile app
Voice commands built into the Outlook mobile app will speed up writing emails, scheduling meetings and calling colleagues, ...
Faster iPads unveiled at Apple Event
At this week's Apple Event, the company unveiled an iPad Air powered by the company's fastest A14 processor. Apple also ...
SearchDataCenter
IBM to spin off IT services to focus on hybrid cloud, AI
IBM will spin off its Managed Infrastructure Services unit as a public company to focus on hybrid cloud and AI.
Dell EMC PowerEdge XE7100 seeks to corral unstructured data
Dell looks to snap server sales slump with two new PowerEdge XE servers. The dense models have flexible configurations of compute...
A look at the main differences of Bourne shell vs. Bash
Shells help admins run commands from the keyboard to the OS. Though Bourne shell and Bash are similar, there are differences in ...
About Us
Meet The Editors
Contact Us
Advertisers
Business Partners
Media Kit
Corporate Site
Contributors
Reprints
Answers
Definitions
E-Products
Events
Features
Guides
Opinions
Photo Stories
Quizzes
Tips
Tutorials
Videos
All Rights Reserved,
Copyright 2007 - 2020, TechTarget
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell My Personal Info
Close