http://searchwest.ca/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policyjeff2017-05-12T13:49:03-07:00
1.      Introduction
1.1     We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; in this policy we explain how we will treat your personal information.
1.2     We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website.  By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
2.      Collecting Personal Information
2.1     We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
(a)      Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website, including: your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths;
(b)      Information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters, including: Your name and email address;
(c)      Information that you provide to us when using the services on our website, or that is generated in the course of the use of those services, including: The timing, frequency and pattern of service use;
(d)     Information contained in or relating to any communications that you send to us or send through our website, including: The communication content and meta data associated with the communication;
(e)      Any other personal information that you choose to send to us;
2.2     Before you disclose to us the personal information of another person, you must obtain that person’s consent to both the disclosure and the processing of that personal information in accordance with this policy.
3.      Using Your Personal Information
3.1     Personal information submitted to us through our website will be used for the purposes specified in this policy or on the relevant pages of the website.
3.2     We may use your personal information to:
(a)      Administer our website and business;
(b)      Personalize our website for you;
(c)      Supply to you services purchased through our website;
(d)      Send you non-marketing commercial communications;
(e)      Send you email notifications that you have specifically requested;
(f)      Send you our email newsletter, if you have requested it, you can inform us at any time if you no longer require the newsletter;
(g)      Deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to our website;
(h)      Keep our website secure and prevent fraud.
4.      Disclosing Personal Information
4.1     We may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
4.2     We may disclose your personal information:
(a)      To the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b)      In connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
(c)      In order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights, including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk;
(d)     To any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
4.3     Except as provided in this policy, we will not provide your personal information to third parties.
5.      International Data Transfers
5.1     You expressly agree to the transfers of personal information described in this Section 4.
6.      Retaining Personal Information
6.1     This Section 6 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal information.
6.2     Personal information that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
6.3     Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we will retain documents, including electronic documents, containing personal data:
(a)      To the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b)      If we believe that the documents may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
(c)      In order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk.
7.      Security Of Your Personal Information
7.1     We will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
7.2     We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure password and firewall protected servers.
7.3     You acknowledge that the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
8.      Amendments
8.1     We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
8.2     You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are aware of any changes to this policy.
9.      Your Rights
9.1     You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you; provision of such information will be subject to:
(a)     The supply of appropriate evidence of your identity for this purpose, we will usually request for name and email address.
9.2     We may withhold personal information that you request to the extent permitted by law.
9.3     You may instruct us at any time not to process your personal information for marketing purposes.
9.4     In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
10.     Updating Information
10.1    Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
11.     Cookies
11.1    Our website uses cookies.
11.2    A cookie is a file containing an identifier, a string of letters and numbers, that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
11.3    Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
11.4    Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
11.5    We use both session and persistent cookies on our website.
11.6    The names of the cookies that we use on our website, and the purposes for which they are used, are set out below:
(a)      We use both session and persistent cookies on our website to recognize a computer when a user visits the website / track users as they navigate the website / improve the website’s usability / analyze the use of the website / administer the website / prevent fraud and improve the security of the website / personalize the website for each user.
11.7    Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies; for example:
(a)      In Internet Explorer, version 10, you can block cookies using the cookie handling override settings available by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy” and then “Advanced”;
(b)      In Firefox, version 24, you can block all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, “Privacy”, selecting “Use custom settings for history” from the drop-down menu, and un-ticking “Accept cookies from sites”;
(c)      In Chrome, version 29, you can block all cookies by accessing the “Customize and control” menu, and clicking “Settings”, “Show advanced settings” and “Content settings”, and then selecting “Block sites from setting any data” under the “Cookies” heading.
11.8    Blocking all cookies may have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
11.9    You can delete cookies already stored on your computer; for example:
(a)      In Internet Explorer, version 10, you must manually delete cookie files, you can find instructions for doing so at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835;
(b)      In Firefox, version 24, you can delete cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Privacy”, then selecting “Use custom settings for history”, clicking “Show Cookies”, and then clicking “Remove All Cookies”;
(c)      In Chrome, version 29, you can delete all cookies by accessing the “Customize and control” menu, and clicking “Settings”, “Show advanced settings” and “Clear browsing data”, and then selecting “Delete cookies and other site and plug-in data” before clicking “Clear browsing data”.
11.10  Deleting cookies may have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
12.     Our Details
12.1    This website is owned and operated by SearchWest Inc..
12.2    We are registered in Vancouver, British Columbia, and our registered office is at 1066 West Hastings Street, Suite 2000, Vancouver, BC V6E 3X2.
12.3    Our principal place of business is at 1066 West Hastings Street, Suite 2000, Vancouver, BC V6E 3X2.
12.4    You can contact us by writing to the business address given above, by using our website contact form, by email to info@searchwest.ca or by telephone at 604) 684-4237.
info@searchwest.ca
VANCOUVER CORPORATE OFFICE:
604-684-4237
BRANCH OFFICE:
604-542-3010
Tweets by SearchWestInc
BLOG
7 Quick Tips to Stand Out in a Job Interview (Hint: It’s What You Do Before, During, and After)
How Long Should Your Resume Actually Be? Here’s an Easy Guide to Follow…
Working Parents, Here’s How to Ask for (and Get!) More Flexibility at Work as the Pandemic Drags On