https://searchcio.techtarget.com/resources/Enterprise-data-privacy-management
Enterprise data privacy management news, help and research - SearchCIO
SearchCIO
Search the TechTarget Network
Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access.
Login
Register
Techtarget Network
News
Features
Tips
More Content
Answers
Buyer's Guides
Definitions
Essential Guides
Opinions
Photo Stories
Podcasts
Quizzes
Tutorials
Sponsored Communities
SearchCIO
Topic
Cybersecurity
CIO mission
Cloud computing
Digital business transformation
BI and big data
Mobile strategy
Apps, infrastructure and operations
All Topics
SubTopic
Data privacy
Data privacy
Security management
GRC
All Subtopics
Follow:
Enterprise data privacy management
CIOs face regular enterprise data security and privacy issues as they are expected to effectively use technology to share data while still following specific rules and regulations to protect personal information. Specific data security and privacy issues include creating best practices for security and data theft prevention, setting up data privacy policies and avoiding data privacy incidents. Find the latest enterprise data security and privacy information for CIOs, including news, tips and other resources, in this topic section.
New & Notable
Trump's dangerous US TikTok ban
The 7 elements of an enterprise cybersecurity culture
Download this free guide
Limited-Time Download: Sizing Your SaaS Deal Correctly Most customers fail to accurately forecast their licensing demand which leads to over-and under-buying whereby users squander their negotiating leverage or eat up the discount they earned by buying underutilized shelf-ware. Use this resource to learn how to dodge those potential traps and how to apply deal sizing best practices to optimize your IT spend.Start Download
Corporate E-mail Address:You forgot to provide an Email Address.This email address doesn’t appear to be valid.This email address is already registered. Please login.You have exceeded the maximum character limit.Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address.I agree to TechTarget’s Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the transfer of my information to the United States for processing to provide me with relevant information as described in our Privacy Policy.Please check the box if you want to proceed.I agree to my information being processed by TechTarget and its Partners to contact me via phone, email, or other means regarding information relevant to my professional interests. I may unsubscribe at any time.Please check the box if you want to proceed.
By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent.
Sections
Vendor Resources
IT Consolidation - What’s Next for Government and Education Modernization ...
–White Paper
IT Service Management Book of Knowledge
–eBook
How Work Will Work Post-Pandemic
–Resource
Enterprise data privacy management News
June 26, 2020
26
Jun'20
COVID-19 tech will fail without employee privacy
Businesses can choose from a growing number of mobile apps and Wi-Fi software to protect workers from COVID-19. But tech won't succeed without top-of-the-line privacy protection.
January 09, 2020
09
Jan'20
Customer experience world catches up on CCPA regulations
GDPR compliance has put many marketing, sales, e-commerce and customer service teams somewhat in line with the California Consumer Privacy Act. There are some differences, however.
June 28, 2019
28
Jun'19
Law firm CIO says RPA investment delivering 'material benefits'
CIO Vince DiMascio describes how investment in RPA is optimizing legal processes and serving as the glue for integrating business systems at Berry Appelman & Leiden.
June 28, 2019
28
Jun'19
Law firm CIO successfully deploys RPA and AI to improve client service
Vince DiMascio, CIO at Berry Appleman & Leiden, details how his team is using natural language processing, machine learning and RPA to help deliver top-notch legal services.
Enterprise data privacy management Get Started
Bring yourself up to speed with our introductory content
The shift to edge computing is happening fast -- here's why
Whether you call it the Fourth Industrial Revolution or digital transformation, enterprise IT is being changed fast, and forever, and edge computing is a big reason why. Continue Reading
CCPA compliance begins with data inventory assessment
In this SearchCIO Q&A, multiple experts sound off on major questions businesses have about CCPA compliance ahead of its January 2020 enforcement date. Continue Reading
Best practices for cloud security: Be cognizant of what's in the cloud
In this Ask the Expert, Booz Allen Hamilton's Anil Markose offers the cloud security best practices organizations need to protect their cloud information. Continue Reading
Evaluate Enterprise data privacy management Vendors & Products
Weigh the pros and cons of technologies, products and projects you are considering.
Trump's dangerous US TikTok ban
President Trump's U.S. TikTok ban over national security is resting on a vague foundation. The concern can be applied to multiple industries and products. Continue Reading
The future of facial recognition after the Clearview AI data breach
The company that controversially scrapes data from social media sites for law enforcement clients announced a data breach. What does it mean for the future of facial recognition? Continue Reading
Who wins the security vs. privacy debate in the age of AI?
When trying to maintain balance between security and privacy in an AI-enabled world, who decides which side should tip and when? So continues the security vs. privacy debate. Continue Reading
Manage Enterprise data privacy management
Learn to apply best practices and optimize your operations.
The 7 elements of an enterprise cybersecurity culture
An effective 'human firewall' can prevent or mitigate many of the threats enterprises face today. Adopt these seven elements of a culture of cybersecurity to defend against risks. Continue Reading
How to maintain cybersecurity remotely during the pandemic
In the second 2020 MIT Sloan CIO Digital Learning Series, a panel of IT security leaders discussed how they are keeping their organizations secure in a COVID-19 environment. Continue Reading
Why IT leaders need to be aware of deepfake security risks
While IT security leaders are not yet the target of deepfake attacks, with the increased use of AI, it's important they consider how it can be of harm to the enterprise. Continue Reading
Problem Solve Enterprise data privacy management Issues
We’ve gathered up expert advice and tips from professionals like you so that the answers you need are always available.
search for answers
IoT security regulations refocus data privacy best practices
New and old IoT regulations create a maze of rules and best practices that organizations must navigate to become more transparent about their IoT security practices. Continue Reading
Ransomware attacks: How to get the upper hand
Ransomware attacks are on the rise. Can organizations play like Radiohead and refuse to pay? The answer from security experts is a qualified yes. Continue Reading
6 potential blockchain limitations for enterprise use
The potential benefits of blockchain for enterprise use must be weighed against blockchain's limitations. Here are six. Continue Reading
Related Definitions
chief trust officer
consumer data
field-level encryption
pretexting
+ Show More
chief trust officer
A chief trust officer in the IT industry is an executive job title given to the person responsible for building confidence around...
See complete definition
consumer data
Consumer data is the information trail customers leave behind as a result of their Internet use.
See complete definition
field-level encryption
Field-level encryption is the ability to encrypt data based on entire fields.
See complete definition
Latest TechTarget resources
Compliance
Health IT
Cloud Computing
Mobile Computing
Data Center
SearchCompliance
Understanding BC, resilience standards and how to comply
Follow these nine steps to first identify relevant business continuity and resilience standards and, second, launch a successful ...
CCPA compliance still unclear long past deadline
Despite the July 1 CCPA compliance deadline having long past, many executives are still unclear how the law applies to their ...
CMMC requirements set to ripple throughout DOD supply chain
The Department of Defense's CMMC requirements target defense contractors, but organizations throughout the DOD supply chain -- ...
SearchHealthIT
3 COVID-19 health system investments for better ROI, patient UX
Companies should consider robotic process automation, integrated telehealth and migrating from legacy systems to help lower costs...
Healthcare cybersecurity needs a dose of threat modeling
CISA senior advisor Josh Corman said healthcare CIOs should focus on threat modeling and stronger disaster recovery for better ...
Interest in wearable health devices grows despite challenges
Amazon Halo has advanced wearable devices in healthcare, but challenges of a growing digital divide and questions about their ...
SearchCloudComputing
A cloud services cheat sheet for AWS, Azure and Google Cloud
Don't know your Neptune from your Front Door? Check what AWS, Microsoft and Google call their foundational cloud services. And ...
The importance of cloud capacity management and how to do it
Running workloads in the cloud gives an organization access to unlimited resources. That's a good thing, but only if the IT team ...
Put an IT succession plan in place for your cloud team
IT is a small world. Before you leave your current company and role, make sure your successor has the right training, support and...
SearchMobileComputing
Learn 5 Microsoft Intune security features for mobile admins
Intune admins must be familiar with all the most essential security features that the platform offers. Learn about features such ...
Microsoft adding voice commands to Outlook mobile app
Voice commands built into the Outlook mobile app will speed up writing emails, scheduling meetings and calling colleagues, ...
Faster iPads unveiled at Apple Event
At this week's Apple Event, the company unveiled an iPad Air powered by the company's fastest A14 processor. Apple also ...
SearchDataCenter
IBM to spin off IT services to focus on hybrid cloud, AI
IBM will spin off its Managed Infrastructure Services unit as a public company to focus on hybrid cloud and AI.
Dell EMC PowerEdge XE7100 seeks to corral unstructured data
Dell looks to snap server sales slump with two new PowerEdge XE servers. The dense models have flexible configurations of compute...
A look at the main differences of Bourne shell vs. Bash
Shells help admins run commands from the keyboard to the OS. Though Bourne shell and Bash are similar, there are differences in ...
About Us
Meet The Editors
Contact Us
Advertisers
Business Partners
Media Kit
Corporate Site
Contributors
Reprints
Answers
Definitions
E-Products
Events
Features
Guides
Opinions
Photo Stories
Quizzes
Tips
Tutorials
Videos
All Rights Reserved,
Copyright 2007 - 2020, TechTarget
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell My Personal Info
Close