https://searchcustomerexperience.techtarget.com/resources/Customer-data-privacy-and-security
Customer data privacy and security news, help and research - SearchCustomerExperience
SearchCustomerExperience
Search the TechTarget Network
Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access.
Login
Register
Techtarget Network
News
Features
Tips
More Content
Answers
Buyer's Guides
Definitions
Essential Guides
Opinions
Photo Stories
Podcasts
Quizzes
Tutorials
Sponsored Communities
SearchCustomerExperience
Topic
Customer data
CX
CRM
Customer service
DX
E-Commerce
Marketing automation
CRM for sales
All Topics
SubTopic
Customer privacy
Customer analytics
Data integration
Customer privacy
All Subtopics
Follow:
Customer data privacy and security
Data privacy and security form the foundation of customer trust, especially in this age of massive data breaches and increased regulator scrutiny on how companies both secure customer data and share it with partners and other entities. Here's the latest news and breakdown of best practices for customer privacy and security.
New & Notable
CCPA compliance still unclear long past deadline
Microsoft CDP adds cross-channel analytics
Download this free guide
Download Now: Top 10 Risks in SaaS DealsDownload this asset to understand the top 10 SaaS deal "gotchas" that can result in surprise charges, built-in cost hikes, audit exposure and double paying for the same license or functionality, SaaS traps that tip leverage to the vendor right from the get-go, and more.
Start Download
Corporate E-mail Address:You forgot to provide an Email Address.This email address doesn’t appear to be valid.This email address is already registered. Please login.You have exceeded the maximum character limit.Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address.I agree to TechTarget’s Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the transfer of my information to the United States for processing to provide me with relevant information as described in our Privacy Policy.Please check the box if you want to proceed.I agree to my information being processed by TechTarget and its Partners to contact me via phone, email, or other means regarding information relevant to my professional interests. I may unsubscribe at any time.Please check the box if you want to proceed.
By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent.
Sections
Customer data privacy and security News
October 01, 2020
01
Oct'20
Microsoft CDP adds cross-channel analytics
Microsoft Dynamics 365 Customer Insights CDP adds integrations with other CX systems that perform analytics, customer data governance and sentiment analysis.
September 29, 2020
29
Sep'20
Adobe Experience Platform, Oracle CX add CDP connections
Adobe bridges its CDP with Experience Cloud apps as well as third-party apps such as Salesforce. Oracle adds privacy compliance tools to its CDP stack and deepens hooks into Eloqua.
July 09, 2020
09
Jul'20
CCPA regulation enforcement begins; Salesforce an early target
Users of marketing, sales and e-commerce clouds -- and vendors, too -- are vulnerable to legal action under the CCPA, as enforcement begins and civil suit plaintiffs cite the data privacy law.
July 02, 2020
02
Jul'20
Voice biometrics for CX detects customer age, fraud
As of now, Nuance voice age-detection features are for security teams that want to prevent fraud and to route service calls. Analyst sees potential for marketing personalization.
Customer data privacy and security Get Started
Bring yourself up to speed with our introductory content
Customer data management tools shape personalization, boost CX
In this guide, learn about the many tools, including customer data platforms, that collect and analyze data from disparate sources and provide a single, 360-degree customer view. Continue Reading
Prepare for California Consumer Privacy Act with these 5 questions
At Oracle's Modern Customer Experience conference, a privacy professional shared tips on incorporating privacy into CX systems so businesses are ready for the CCPA. Continue Reading
5 things to know about Salesforce Customer 360
Salesforce Customer 360 -- a tool that connects customer data stored in multiple silos -- is currently in beta and will be available to all users later this year. Continue Reading
Evaluate Customer data privacy and security Vendors & Products
Weigh the pros and cons of technologies, products and projects you are considering.
CCPA compliance still unclear long past deadline
Despite the July 1 CCPA compliance deadline having long past, many executives are still unclear how the law applies to their business. Privacy experts weigh in on the latest enforcements. Continue Reading
Who wins the security vs. privacy debate in the age of AI?
When trying to maintain balance between security and privacy in an AI-enabled world, who decides which side should tip and when? So continues the security vs. privacy debate. Continue Reading
Evaluate your data governance and privacy best practices
GDPR and CCPA have put data governance in the news. With this increase in data legislation, now is a great time to review your company's data governance policies. Continue Reading
Manage Customer data privacy and security
Learn to apply best practices and optimize your operations.
What the CCPA means for content security
Now that the CCPA is in full effect, businesses must adjust their processes to better protect content. Organizations should prioritize security to avoid fines. Continue Reading
IoT security regulations refocus data privacy best practices
New and old IoT regulations create a maze of rules and best practices that organizations must navigate to become more transparent about their IoT security practices. Continue Reading
IoT data privacy forces organizations to rethink data ownership
Now more than ever, providers of IoT devices and experiences play an integral role in addressing IoT data privacy issues and influencing outcomes, market forces and societal health. Continue Reading
Problem Solve Customer data privacy and security Issues
We’ve gathered up expert advice and tips from professionals like you so that the answers you need are always available.
search for answers
Taking on a virtual agent helps mint new wine connoisseurs
Having trouble selecting the wine that goes best with a special meal? And what if your preferred shop doesn't have it? Vivino helps you choose -- and, if needed, find -- the right wine. Continue Reading
Data mining in the grocery industry
Continue Reading
Related Definitions
customer-managed relationship (CMR)
+ Show More
customer-managed relationship (CMR)
A customer-managed relationship (CMR) is a relationship in which a business uses a methodology, software, and perhaps Internet ...
See complete definition
Latest TechTarget resources
Content Management
Unified Communications
Data Management
EnterpriseAI
ERP
SearchContentManagement
Hyland Software CEO discusses Alfresco, RPA, blockchain
Hyland moves on incorporating Another Monday RPA, Learning Machine blockchain credentials into its platform. Alfresco integration...
How businesses can best build a WordPress knowledge base
A WordPress knowledge base can be useful for companies that want an easy-to-use and customizable product with many plugins that ...
Knowledge bases benefit customer service, call center training
Knowledge bases provide call center agents with training documents and answers to frequently asked questions as they continue to ...
SearchUnifiedCommunications
Slack introduces cross-company direct messaging
Slack plans to launch the new messaging feature next year. New capabilities set for this year include audio and video messaging ...
Google announces G Suite overhaul with Google Workspace
The new Google Workspace will let people use Meet or Chat to collaborate on projects while working in the office suite's other ...
Everything Enterprise Connect 2020: News, trends and insights
This guide gathers breaking news and expert insights from one of the largest conferences focused on the enterprise communications...
SearchDataManagement
Nutanix brings database management into Era 2.0
Nutanix is now looking beyond just on-premises hardware and private clouds to help its users deploy and manage data based across ...
Denodo Platform 8.0 expands data virtualization features
The updated platform from Denodo looks to help organizations via enhanced features that connect and query disparate sources of ...
SODA Foundation improves Open Data Framework
An open source data management group enhanced its Open Data Framework with the Greenland 1.1 update, improving multi-cloud file ...
SearchEnterpriseAI
The imperative of establishing AI governance
It's hard to ethically manage data for AI models, but AI governance, as well as a strong ethics framework, can help enterprises ...
Nvidia Jarvis, new conversational AI tool, now in open beta
A speech recognition services vendor in Great Britain turned to Nvidia Jarvis, a new framework for creating conversational AI ...
Nvidia adds DPUs to GPU lineup for artificial intelligence apps
Nvidia has rolled out a new chip technology that supplements its GPUs, along with a new development kit and architecture to ...
SearchERP
EAM vs. CMMS: A guide to their differences
When it comes to EAM vs. CMMS, making the right choice comes down to understanding what each software type does. Here's an ...
Digital transformation requires upskilling and reskilling
Manufacturers undergoing digital transformation must address workers' skills gaps, but new technology shouldn't be imposed from ...
Augmented reality in field service: Why FSM needs AR now
Augmented reality can improve field service by empowering technicians with better information. Learn why interest in AR for FSM ...
About Us
Meet The Editors
Contact Us
Advertisers
Business Partners
Media Kit
Corporate Site
Contributors
Reprints
Answers
Definitions
E-Products
Events
Features
Guides
Opinions
Photo Stories
Quizzes
Tips
Tutorials
Videos
All Rights Reserved,
Copyright 2019 - 2020, TechTarget
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell My Personal Info
Close