https://seawest.coop/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
What does Sea West Coast Guard Federal Credit Union and Sea West Services LLC do with your personal information?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share and protect your personal information. Please read this information carefully to understand what we do.
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social security number and income
Account balances and payment history
Credit history and credit scores
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information, the reasons Sea West Coast Guard Federal Credit Union and Sea West Services LLC choose to share, and whether you can limit sharing.
Reasons We Can Share Your Personal InformationDo We Share?Can You Limit This Sharing?
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus	YesNoFor our marketing purposes – to offer our products and services to you	YesNoFor joint marketing with other financial companies	YesYes
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your transactions and experiences	YesNoFor our affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness	YesYes
For our affiliates’ to market to you	YesYes
For our non-affiliates’ to market to you	NoWe do not share
To limit our sharing:
Call toll-free (800) SEA-WEST (732-9378). Click here to download an Opt Out Form. Print, complete, sign, and return to us by fax at (800) 854-7711 or mail it to us at P.O. Box 4949, Oakland, CA 94605.
If you are a new member or other consumer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we mailed you your first Privacy Policy Disclosure. When you are no longer our member, or other consumer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. However, you can contact us at anytime to limit our sharing.
How Does Sea West Coast Guard Federal Credit Union and Sea West Services LLC Protect My Personal Information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security meausres that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards, secure files and buildings, and staff training.
How Does Sea West Coast Guard Federal Credit Union and Sea West Services LLC Collect My Personal Information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
Open an account or deposit money
Pay your bills or apply for a loan
Use your credit or debit card
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why Can’t I Limit All Sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
Sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your credit worthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for non-affiliates to market to you
What Happens When I Limit Sharing For An Account I Hold Jointly With Someone Else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affliates	Companies related by common ownership or control.
They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Sea West Coast Guard Federal Credit Union’s sole affiliate is Sea West Services LLC. Share Information	Companies not related by common ownership or control.
They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Sea West Coast Guard Federal Credit Union shares information with non-affiliates only for everyday business purposes. Joint Marketing	A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or service to you.
Our only joint marketing partner is CUNA Mutual, a financial company that provides insurance and financial products to credit unions and their members.
Test Modal
Sed magna purus, fermentum eu, tincidunt eu, varius ut, felis. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Sed aliquam, nisi quis porttitor congue, elit erat euismod orci, ac placerat dolor lectus quis orci. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Fusce fermentum.
Get the App
*You’ll need to register for Online Banking via desktop before utilizing the SeaWest App.
Download the Application
Simply download your application and fill it out. You can send it to us by fax or mail, or drop it off at any branch.
Fax Number: 510-434-6090
Mailing Address:
SeaWest Administrative Office
P.O. Box 4949
Oakland, CA 94605
Download the Application
Returning User
We have improved Online Banking.  If you are a previous user, please do the following:
Enter your current Username.
Your temporary password for this new platform is the last six digits of your SSN.
Once logged in, you will need to reset your password and update your security questions.
After that, you’ll be ready to go!
Questions? Call us at 800-SEA-WEST.
Our customer service lines are open every day from 8:30am to 4:30pm PST.
New User
First time logging in to Online Banking?
You’re going to love it.
Please click Enroll and follow the instructions.
You’ll need your six-digit member number.
Your temporary password is your full social security number.
Once logged in, you’ll need to reset your password and set your security questions for added protection.
After that, you’ll be ready to go!
Questions? Call us at 800-SEA-WEST.
Our customer service lines are open every day from 8:30am to 4:30pm PST.
Get a Debit Card
To get your card, you’ll need to join SeaWest and have a checking account with us. Then, you can simply contact us to order your card.
Join SeaWest              Contact Us
Leaving Our Website
Notice: You are leaving SeaWest Coast Guard Federal Credit Union’s website. This linked website is provided for your convenience. SeaWest Coast Guard Federal Credit Union is not responsible or liable for the content, information or security; the failure of any products or services advertised or promoted to this linked website and any issues that may arise out of the website’s privacy policy.
Please click “Continue” to leave this website and proceed to the selected site.
Stay on this page
Continue