http://securitybag.com/privacypolicy.shtml
Quick Links
Home
Basket
Products
Account
Samples
Online Store
Support
About Us
Login
0 Item(s)
Checkout
Welcome
Privacy Policy
Packaging Horizons Corporation:
Consumer Privacy Statement Packaging
Horizons Corporation has been a manufacturer of security products for over 20
years. The Corporation is acutely aware of the need for security and privacy in the
conduct of its business and the business of its customers.
Packaging Horizons is committed to protecting your privacy. This policy extends to any
exchange of information including internet communication, telephone conversation, FAX
transmittal and written correspondence.
Packaging Horizons only requests information with the goal of serving our customers and
improving the business relationship.
Collection of Information
The Packaging Horizons Corporation web server only recognizes the web site of the visitor. The identity
of the visitor remains anonymous unless the visitor decides to reveal it. Personal and
business information including e-mail addresses are only collected if input by the
visitor.
Disclosure of Individual Account Information
Packaging Horizons limits the collection of account information to the minimum level
required to meet the individual account's requirements. This may include information about
the account's business which is needed in order to advise about products and services, as
well as to administer our business commitments to the account.
For the purposes of verification and risk management Packaging Horizons will exchange
information with reputable reference sources and clearinghouse services. (An example of
the application of this policy is the use of credit card authorization services.)
Packaging Horizons does not share, sell or rent e-mail addresses. The Company may
selectively rent names and mailing addresses, excluding e-mail addresses, to reputable
third parties and provide certain information to other companies or organizations whose
products or services we think may interest you. These third parties are carefully screened
and are aware of Packaging Horizons' (SecurityBag.com) privacy policy. You may not want
information that you provide to Packaging Horizons to be shared with other companies for
marketing purposes. In this event you have the Choice to Opt-Out which is described in a
subsequent section of this policy statement.
Information You Chose to Provide
Packaging Horizons may request that you voluntarily supply personal information for
purposes such as correspondence and purchasing. When you submit personal information to
Packaging Horizons you understand and agree that as allowed by contract, Packaging
Horizons may access, store and use your information. Information you provide will be
safeguarded to strict standards of security and confidentiality. As previously stated,
Packaging Horizons does not release e-mail addresses.
Security of Information
Packaging Horizons has installed security measures on the Packaging Horizons Corporation web site in
order to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Our
security measures are the industry standard which are available through your browser.
Encrypted information is scrambled in route and decoded after it reaches the Packaging Horizons Corporation web site.
Information including e-mail sent to us might not be secure unless we advise you that
security measures will be in place prior to your transmission. Do not send information
which you consider to be confidential by unsecured e-mail. Information of this type should
be communicated by telephone call, FAX transmission or postal mail.
Packaging Horizons requires any vendor or consultant under contract to us as well as
suppliers and contractors to observe our Information Practices Policy with respect to
security and any of our accounts' information. These entities and firms must abide by
these policies when conducting work for Packaging Horizons.
Identification File
A small identification file commonly known as a cookie may be assigned to your computer by
Packaging Horizons. This file is only used to provide you with information and assist you
in navigating our internet site. A "cookie" does not contain any information
about you. The data generated from "cookies" is analyzed collectively, never
individually, and in accordance with our standard policy on Customer Information.
Choice to Opt-Out
Packaging Horizons provides contacts with the opportunity to "OPT-OUT of unsolicited
mail. Packaging Horizons may provide selected information to other companies or
organizations whose products or services may be of interest to our contacts. If you would
like to request the data stored in your file or do not want the information you provide to
be shared with other companies for marketing purposes, please contact Packaging Horizons
at One Danforth Drive, Easton, PA 18045 or by email at service@SecurityBag.com.
Correct/Update/Access
The primary goal at Packaging Horizons is to provide the highest level of customer service
in combination with quality products. Up to date account information is a prerequisite in
achieving this goal. We encourage all accounts to help us to maintain the accuracy of
information in our account file. Any changes or modifications to an account file can be
made by contacting Packaging Horizons by telephone at 1-888-467-1916 or by mail at the
address listed in the "Opt-Out" section.
Children Visiting the Packaging Horizons Corporation Web Site
The Packaging Horizons Corporation web site is a business to business e-commerce site. The information
contained on this site is related to security product offerings. This site does provide
the opportunity for individuals to request information and provide information about
themselves. Parents should monitor all information that children provide about themselves
on the internet.
Other Web Sites Linked to Packaging Horizons Corporation's Web Site
Packaging Horizons is not responsible for the content or information practices employed by
web sites linked to or from the Packaging Horizons Corporation web site. Most of the links to other web
sites are provided by Packaging Horizons solely as a point of information on topics that
may be useful to the users of the Packaging Horizons Corporation web site.
Acceptance of These Terms
By using the Packaging Horizons Corporation web site, the user consents to the Privacy Statement of Packaging Horizons Corporation.
If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use this site. Packaging Horizons
reserves the right at its' discretion to change, modify, add or delete portions from this
policy at any time. A users continued use of the Packaging Horizons Corporation web site following the
posting of changes to the terms of the Privacy Policy constitutes an acceptance of the
revised changes.
Home | Basket | Products | My Account | Samples | Online Store | Support | About Us
© 2000-2011 Packaging Horizons Corporation. All Rights Reserved
Best viewed using Netscape 7.0 and above or IE 5.0 and above
Product Catalogue
Search
View Basket and Shipping Options/Costs
Checkout
Orders
UserList
Personal Catalogue
Deactivate Customer
User Management
Address Management
Personal Catalogue
Deactivate Customer
View Contents of Shopping Basket
Alert Security Bags
Deposit Tickets
Bank Deposit Bags
Confidential Document Bags
Antistatic Security Bags
Evidence & Chain of Custody Bags
Patient's Medicine Bags
Personal Property Bags
Security Mailer Bags
Customized Security Bags
Login
Create New Account
Forgot password
Edit Personal Info
Change password
Register Corporate Group
Request Product Samples and Literature
Product Catalogue
View Basket and Shipping Options/Costs
Checkout
Customer Services
Contact Us
Shipment Tracking
FAQs
History
Privacy Statement