https://securitytoday.com/articles/2020/09/09/covid-has-made-privacy-a-concern-an-app-survey-finds.aspx
COVID Has Made Privacy a Concern, An App Survey Finds
By Yoav DeganiSep 09, 2020
The pandemic has been a great equalizer in the fears it has unearthed. Regardless of country, socioeconomic status or age, we have all shared concerns for our own health and that of our loved ones.
As health takes center stage, dominating the news cycle and our personal lives, and as we acquaint ourselves with COVID-19’s symptoms and ways to limit its spread, a surprising concern has emerged: personal privacy. In the midst of a pandemic, caused by a mysterious and unwieldy respiratory virus, people find themselves increasingly fearful for the preservation of their private digital lives.
I had heard similar anecdotes from my customers of our app, MyPrivacy, which focuses specifically on personal privacy protections. But when we formally tested this, I was surprised at what we found: one third of our users said that the COVID-19 pandemic has made them more concerned about privacy.
Keep in mind that this increase is reported by a subset of the population that was already more concerned about privacy than the average consumer. To have their concerns increase during a public health crisis, in which personal health and a mounting global death toll has sucked the air out of most major issues -- like sustainability or geopolitical conflicts -- is significant. It is a sign of where the average consumer is likely to go. I attribute this to several reasons.
The first is our abrupt move to working from home. For most countries, the urgency of the pandemic offered little time for organizations to plan for their employees to shift to working from home. This rushed transition means no proper networking set-up, and entire workforces working from spotty, unsecured home Wi-Fi configurations. You can’t expect every employee to use a VPN (or even understand what a VPN is). Even if a network is secure, there is an array of complications that result from such a large-scale change in how many people work: a slew of new passwords, which cause inevitably risky short cuts, and the emerging security flaws with remote work platforms, as we’ve seen with Zoom.
« previous
1
2
3
next »
Printable Format
E-Mail this page
G4S has Agreed to be Acquired by Allied Universal as part of a $5 Billion Deal Between the Two Companies
Cincinnati CBP Seizes 200 Counterfeit Autographed Jerseys Worth $42,625
Scaling Security with GPUs/DPUs for AI and Machine Learning
WiFi and Cellular are Key Partners in a Secure Hybrid Workplace
A Safer Pathway to Camera and Sensor Maintenance
Improving Emergency Response
Most Popular Articles
Most Emailed Articles
Scaling Security with GPUs/DPUs for AI and Machine Learning
What is on the Horizon?
Medina County Implements Checkups Version 2 to Further Boost Criminal Justice System Remote Monitoring Efforts
Holiday Security Tips for Malls or Outdoor Shopping Areas
A Safer Pathway to Camera and Sensor Maintenance
Antibacterial Clear coating combats SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus (COVID-19) and can reduce bacterial growth by 99.96%
Holiday Security Tips for Malls or Outdoor Shopping Areas
Digital Edition
November December 2020
Featuring:
• The Use of Technology
• Improving Emergency Response
• Can Zero Trust be Trusted?
• What is on the Horizon?
• 2021 Security Trends
View This Issue
Whitepapers
Deploying Push-to-Talk over Cellular and Wi-Fi Radio Networks
Webinars
The University of Utah: Coordinating Crisis Response through Campus Emergency Management
Implementing Converged Security, a Process – Bringing it All Together
Active Shooter: Using Today's Technology to Secure a Campus
Close this Advertisement