https://secure.effortlesshr.com/app/page/privacy
PRIVACY POLICY OF EffortlessHR, Inc.
This Privacy Policy covers the EffortlessHR Web site. EffortlessHR, Inc., dba EffortlessHR is committed to maintaining the privacy of the users of the EffortlessHR Web site. Set forth below is the EffortlessHR, Inc.
Privacy Policy that is applicable to the EffortlessHR Web site. As indicated in the terms and conditions of use of the EffortlessHR Web site, the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy are incorporated by
reference into the EffortlessHR Terms and Conditions of Use Agreement. The terms of this Privacy Policy may be changed at any time by EffortlessHR, Inc. Such changes, modifications, additions or deletions shall be
effective immediately upon notice, which may be given by any means including, but not limited to, posting on the EffortlessHR Web site, or by electronic or conventional mail, or by any other means by which Client
obtains notice thereof. Any use of the EffortlessHR Web site by Client after such notice shall be deemed to constitute acceptance by Client of such changes, modifications or additions.
WHO WE ARE
Our primary website addresses are https://www.effortlesshr.com/ and https://secure.effortlesshr.com/
COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
At EffortlessHR, your privacy is important to us. We want you to know that:
We do not sell or rent to anyone the information you have entrusted to us.
We do not share your personal information with any organization that might want to market their products or services to you (except at your request or with your consent).
To help you understand how we protect your personal information, this notice describes our current privacy policy and practices. We will advise you of our privacy policy and practices as required by law.
OUR SECURITY STANDARDS
We have high security standards to keep the information we have about you safe. We maintain strict control over access to your information. Only those employees of EffortlessHR who have access to your information
are those with a business need to know. Our standards to safeguard this type of information meet or exceed the requirements of federal and state law.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT
By using our program and services, you provide, and we collect personal information. The type of information we collect include your employee information, such as names, addresses, telephone numbers, and other
personnel data required in a HR department.
We collect this data as you enter it into our program and we are dedicated to keeping this data safe and secure.
BLOG COMMENTS
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available
here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
MEDIA
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
CONTACT FORMS
We collect your personal information on various contact forms throughout the site. By providing us this information, you agree to allow us to contact you at any provided email address, mailing address, and phone number.
This contact may continue on a regular basis until we are given instruction to stop.
COMPANY AND EMPLOYEE INFORMATION
EffortlessHR, Inc. collects the personal information of EffortlessHR Clients `Personally Identifiable Information`). Personally Identifiable Information is information about a Client that is provided by the Client
to EffortlessHR, Inc. in order to subscribe to the EffortlessHR Web site and includes things such as the Client`s name, address, telephone and fax numbers, e-mail address(es), number of employees, employer
identification number or social security number, etc. EffortlessHR, Inc. collects this information for its sole use in operating the EffortlessHR Web site. As a Client, if you have subscribed to the EffortlessHR
Web site, you have voluntarily agreed to the collection and use of your Personally Identifiable Information by EffortlessHR, Inc.. EffortlessHR, Inc. may share your personal information with the businesses that it
uses to assist it in analyzing its business and in providing better service to its Clients. However, EffortlessHR, Inc. will not sell your information to third parties. EffortlessHR, Inc. may also use Client
information to contact Clients about services on its Web site for which the Client has expressed interest.
BILLING INFORMATION
To process payments for subscription payments and services, we collect billing information, which may include bank card and bank account details. This information is encrypted prior to storage, and only unencrypted
when necessary to process future payments. If you request to terminate your billing relationship with us, your billing information is removed.
COOKIES
If you have an account and you visit the log in page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and personal preferences. These cookies are discarded when you close your browser.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
EMBEDDED CONTENT FROM OTHER WEBSITES
Pages on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content
if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
ANALYTICS
We utilize Google Analytics to track metrics such as new/returning visitor counts, page visits, time on site, geographical region of visitors, and more. For additional information, refer to the Google Analytics
privacy policy at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
SECURITY OF DATA
The information that you upload to the EffortlessHR Web site is not disclosed to third parties. Such information is protected in accordance with EffortlessHR, Inc.`s Security Policy (See `Terms and Conditions of Use`).
EffortlessHR, Inc. may host and maintain the EffortlessHR Web site or utilize one or more third party service providers to host and maintain the EffortlessHR Web site. EffortlessHR, Inc. or EffortlessHR, Inc.`s third
party service providers use firewalls, encryption technology, intrusion detection and site monitoring to protect Client information.
All of our servers are hosted in a datacenter in the United States which holds the following certifications: IACPA – SSAE-16 SOC1 Type II, IACPA – SSAE-16 SOC2, and PCI – DSS (Sections 9 and 12).
All data is transmitted using a 256-bit SSL connection which is equal to or double (depending on the bank) the encryption that is used for online banking. However, the security of information transmitted
through the Internet cannot be guaranteed. EffortlessHR, Inc. is not responsible for any interception or interruption of any Client communications through the Internet or for changes to or losses of Client
data.
Sensitive company and employee data is encrypted using a different encryption key per-client.
All of our staff and developers are in-house. We don't outsource any development, technology, or infrastructure to other countries or people that we do not personally know.
All data is backed up encrypted to geographically diverse locations and also to another data center protected by a physical fire wall.
We also utilize multiple layers of network and host level intrusion detection/prevention systems with active blocking technology.
HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR DATA
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website, or are registered by an administrator, we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. This data is retained indefinitely.
WHAT RIGHTS YOU HAVE OVER YOUR DATA
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we
erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
WHERE WE SEND YOUR DATA
Visitor blog post or page comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
While EffortlessHR, Inc. endeavors to protect the privacy of its Clients, the Personally Identifiable Information of its Clients and/or Client information maintained on the EffortlessHR Web site, may be disclosed by EffortlessHR, Inc., when required by law, or if a court order or legal process is served on EffortlessHR, Inc. requesting such information.
Current company time is: December 11, 2020 4:51am