https://securitytoday.com/articles/2020/09/09/sia-issues-policy-on-ethical-use-of-facial-recognition.aspx
SIA issues policy on ethical use of facial recognition
Sep 09, 2020
The Security Industry Association (SIA) has released its new policy principles guiding the development and deployment of facial recognition technology. SIA believes all technology products, including facial recognition, must only be used for purposes that are lawful, ethical and nondiscriminatory.
"SIA recognizes that some community leaders have expressed deeply-held views calling for the end of facial recognition technology use by law enforcement and the private sector. We respectfully but firmly disagree. Facial recognition technology offers tremendous benefits to society when used effectively and responsibly and with appropriate safeguards,” said Don Erickson CEO of SIA. “We invite all stakeholders to review these well-thought-out principles and engage with us in meaningful discussions leading to common-sense approaches to how this technology is used.”
SIA has committed to the following principles to be used in the development and deployment of facial recognition technology. SIA believes that that these principles should apply to implementation of facial recognition tools across safety and security applications, in both public- and private-sector settings, and that they should be reflected in development of any organizational or public policies addressing these uses of the technology.
SIA’s core principles include:
Ensuring transparency surrounding the use of facial recognition.
Establishing a clear and defined purpose for the use of facial recognition by organizations.
Using high-performing and accurate technology.
Incorporating human oversight and review.
Protecting data security.
Ensuring privacy by design.
Training and educating users of technology.
Improving or eliminating biased or discriminatory software.
Maintaining ethical acquisition of facial recognition technology.
These core policy principles were developed by and with input from many SIA members, including members of the SIA Facial Recognition Working Group, the SIA Data Privacy Advisory Board and the SIA Executive Committee. In addition to these core principles, the new document includes guidelines around the use of facial recognition technology by law enforcement and the public and private sectors.
Printable Format
E-Mail this page
G4S has Agreed to be Acquired by Allied Universal as part of a $5 Billion Deal Between the Two Companies
Cincinnati CBP Seizes 200 Counterfeit Autographed Jerseys Worth $42,625
Scaling Security with GPUs/DPUs for AI and Machine Learning
WiFi and Cellular are Key Partners in a Secure Hybrid Workplace
A Safer Pathway to Camera and Sensor Maintenance
Improving Emergency Response
Most Popular Articles
Most Emailed Articles
Scaling Security with GPUs/DPUs for AI and Machine Learning
What is on the Horizon?
Medina County Implements Checkups Version 2 to Further Boost Criminal Justice System Remote Monitoring Efforts
Holiday Security Tips for Malls or Outdoor Shopping Areas
A Safer Pathway to Camera and Sensor Maintenance
Antibacterial Clear coating combats SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus (COVID-19) and can reduce bacterial growth by 99.96%
Holiday Security Tips for Malls or Outdoor Shopping Areas
Digital Edition
November December 2020
Featuring:
• The Use of Technology
• Improving Emergency Response
• Can Zero Trust be Trusted?
• What is on the Horizon?
• 2021 Security Trends
View This Issue
Whitepapers
Deploying Push-to-Talk over Cellular and Wi-Fi Radio Networks
Webinars
The University of Utah: Coordinating Crisis Response through Campus Emergency Management
Implementing Converged Security, a Process – Bringing it All Together
Active Shooter: Using Today's Technology to Secure a Campus
Close this Advertisement