https://securitybanktn.com/privacy-policy/
1-833-937-7282
ONLINE BANKING
LOCATION & HOURS
CONTACT US
Privacy Notice
Facts
WHAT DOES Security Bank and Trust Company DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
account balances and payment history
credit history and checking account information
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Security Bank and Trust Company chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Security Bank and Trust Company share?
Can you limit sharing?
For our everyday business purposes–
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
YES
NO
For our marketing purposes–
To offer our products and services to you
YES
NO
For joint marketing with other financial companies
YES
NO
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes–
Information about your transactions and experiences
YES
NO
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes–
Information about your creditworthiness
NO
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
NO
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
NO
We don’t share
Questions?
Call toll free 833-937-7282
What we do
How does Security Bank and Trust Company protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Security Bank and Trust Company collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
open an account or apply for a loan
give us your income information or provide employment information
give us your contact information
We also collect your information from others, such as credit bureaus.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State law and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include White & Associates Insurance – Wimberley Agency LLC – a financial company and Title Center of the South, LLC – a financial company.
Non-Affiliates
Companies not related by ownership or control. They can be financial or nonfinancial companies.
Security Bank and Trust Company does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners may include companies such as a credit card company or an insurance company.