https://seg.org/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Donate
Join
Shop
Create Account
Login
Register
Go >>
About SEG
What Geophysicists Do
Membership
Join SEG
Benefits
Dues Structure
Types of Membership
Junior
Active
Associate
Student
Qualifications
Renew Your Membership
SEG VIP Program
Corporate Membership
List of Corporate Members
Receive Assistance
Dues Waiver Program
Group Insurance Program
Discounted SEG Programs
Members in Transition
Member Search
Membership Diversity Reports
Foundation
Leadership
Committees
Bylaws
Board/CEO Compensation
Donor Information
Why/How to Donate?
Donor Giving Club Levels
Donor Recognition Lists
Donate Now
Annual Reports/Financials
Special Giving Opportunities
Geoscientists Without Borders
Projects
Media
Apply
Regional Offices
China Office
Middle East Office
Middle East Calendar
Business Office Staff
Asia Pacific Office
Asia Pacific Calendar
Governance
Annual Reports
Articles of Incorporation
Board of Directors
Code of Ethics
Committees
SEG Bylaws
SEG Council
District Boundaries
SEG Global Inc
Board of Directors
SEG Real Estate Corp
Bylaws
Policies and Procedures
Advertise with SEG
Volunteer
Contact Us
Elections
Election Results
Honors and Awards
News & Resources
News
Career Center
Work in the Industry
Work at SEG
Near Surface
About
Newsletter
Honors and Awards
Near Surface Research Award
Near Surface Views Student Article Prize
Harold Mooney Award
Executive Committees
Near Surface Resources
Near Surface Elections
Women's Network
Webinar
eNewsletters
SEG Advanced Modeling (SEAM)
SEAM Projects
Phase I (Subsalt)
Management Committee
Technical Committee
Project Manager
RPSEA Partnership
Phase II (Land)
Management Committee
Technical Committee
Project Manager
Pressure Prediction
Management Committee
Technical Committees
Project Manager
Time Lapse Pilot
Management and Technical Committees
Life of Field
Management Committee
Technical Committee
Project Manager
SEAM Data
About SEAM
SEAM Leadership
SEAM Vendors
SEAM Resources
Research Data
Partner Organizations
Sections and Societies
Become an SEG Section/Society
Constitutional Requirements
Benefits of Sections and Associated Societies
List of Sections and Associated Societies
Responsibilities of Sections and Associated Societies
Roles of Sections and Associated Societies
Intersociety Cooperation
Affiliated Societies
SEG Wiki
Podcast
Publications
SEG Library
++The Leading Edge
++TLE Digital Edition and App
Current issue
About ++TLE
Information for Authors
Editorial calendar
Advertising
Editorial Board and Staff
Journals
++Geophysics
Accelerated Articles
Current issue
About ++Geophysics
Information for Authors
Special Sections
Reviewer of the Year
Editors and Staff
++Interpretation
Accelerated Articles
Current issue
About ++Interpretation
Information for Authors
Special Sections
Editors and Staff
JEEG (EEGS)
Western Profile
Books
Latest Titles
Catalog and Price List
Shipping and Payment
Information for Authors
Errata
MARC Records
Editorial Board and Staff
Encyclopedia Proposals
Abstracts
Geofacets-SEG Millennium Edition
SEG Technical Standards
Subscriptions
Policies and Permissions
Ethical Guidelines
Open Access Policy
Permissions
Data Policy
Claims Policy
Education
Competency Management
Courses
Training Courses
DISC
In-House Training
Course Catalog
Lectures
Distinguished Lectures
Honorary Lectures
Near Surface Lectures
Nominate a Lecturer
SEG on Demand
Student
Student Programs
Student Education Program
Student Leadership Symposium
Field Camps
Posters
EVOLVE
Financial Assistance
Scholarships
List of scholarship recipients
Travel Grants
Near Surface Research Award
Student Chapter Outreach Grant
Student Chapters
Start a new SEG Student Chapter
Chapter Recognition and Awards
Student Chapter Details
Faculty Advisor Resources
SEG Challenge Bowl
Apply for SEG Programs
Early Career
Instructors
Teach for SEG
SEG Deep Learning
Events
Events Calendar
Annual Meeting
Energy in Data Conference
Past Events
Upcoming SEG Annual Meetings
Request Event Support
SEG Live
About SEG
What Geophysicists DoMembership
Join SEG
BenefitsDues StructureTypes of Membership
JuniorActiveAssociateStudent
Qualifications
Renew Your MembershipSEG VIP ProgramCorporate Membership
List of Corporate Members
Receive Assistance
Dues Waiver ProgramGroup Insurance ProgramDiscounted SEG ProgramsMembers in Transition
Member SearchMembership Diversity Reports
Foundation
Leadership
CommitteesBylawsBoard/CEO Compensation
Donor Information
Why/How to Donate?Donor Giving Club LevelsDonor Recognition Lists
Donate NowAnnual Reports/FinancialsSpecial Giving Opportunities
Geoscientists Without Borders
ProjectsMediaApply
Regional Offices
China OfficeMiddle East Office
Middle East Calendar
Business Office StaffAsia Pacific Office
Asia Pacific Calendar
Governance
Annual ReportsArticles of IncorporationBoard of DirectorsCode of EthicsCommitteesSEG BylawsSEG Council
District Boundaries
SEG Global Inc
Board of Directors
SEG Real Estate Corp
Bylaws
Policies and Procedures
Advertise with SEGVolunteerContact UsElections
Election Results
Honors and Awards
About SEGPoliciesPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Revised: 27 March 2019
What this policy covers
Your privacy is important to the Society of Exploration Geophysicists, and so is being transparent about how we collect, use, and share information about you. This policy is intended to help you understand:
What information we collect about you
How we use information we collect
How we share information we collect
How we store and secure information we collect
How to access and control your information
How we transfer information we collect internationally
Other important privacy information
This Privacy Policy covers the information we collect about you when you use our products or services or otherwise interact with SEG (for example, attending SEG events), unless a different privacy policy is displayed. This policy also explains your choices about how we use information about you. Your choices include how you can object to certain uses of information about you and how you can access and update certain information about you.
What information we collect about you
Account and Profile information: We collect information about you when you apply for membership, create or modify an account, create or modify your Member Search profile-display settings; set communication preferences; participate as a speaker, author, SEG Wiki contributor, or volunteer (through SEG’s online volunteer registry); and when you register for, subscribe to, or otherwise purchase SEG products and services.
Payment information: We collect certain payment and billing information, such as payment card details, which we collect and process in accordance with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. When you designate a billing representative, we collect personal information about that representative including name and contact details.
Cookies and other tracking technologies: SEG and our third-party analytics partners use cookies to provide improved functionality and analytical data. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy.
How we use information we collect
To provide services and personalize your experience:  We use information about you to authenticate you when you sign in and to send you information, according to your communication preferences, that you have given SEG specific consent to deliver to you. We will update you regarding the delivery of products or services you may expect from SEG. This includes notification of new membership benefits you may qualify for such as a free associate membership after graduation or emeritus membership based on your birth date and years of membership. We also will contact voting Members regarding elections, scholarship and travel-grant applicants with updates related to the awarding process, and Members and customers regarding the status of orders for products and services.
For research and development: We always are looking for ways to make our products and services smarter, faster, more secure, and useful to you. We use collective learnings about how people use our services, plus survey feedback provided directly to us, to troubleshoot and to identify trends, usage, activity patterns, and areas for improvement in SEG products and services. This means we don’t identify you individually but look at visitors as a whole to help us identify ways we can improve how we interact and communicate with you. For more information, see our Cookie Policy.
To market, promote and drive engagement: We use your contact information and your communication preferences to send newsletters and promotional communications that you have given your consent to receive. The communications are aimed at driving engagement and maximizing what you get out of SEG. You can control what communications you receive from us by signing in to your account online and managing your communication preferences in our communications center. You may also contact us.
How we share information we collect
Third parties performing services: We employ the services of third-party processors in order to deliver quality products and services to you. Your information is shared at the time you elect to utilize the benefits of those services. Only the minimum information necessary to fulfill those services is shared with the third-party processors. For example, when you elect to receive communications through your communication preferences center, we share your contact information and preferences with our email marketing service provider for the delivery of specific emails. If you take a competency test in our Competency Management System, your information is provided to the competency management processor for the sole purpose of delivering the competency test, results, and support services. If you publish through the SEG or serve as an editor or reviewer of SEG publications, your information is provided to vendors that provide publishing services. Third-party processors with whom we may share your information for the purpose of providing services to you include but are not limited to those supporting our email marketing, competency management, publishing activities, online collaboration, on-demand learning, online content delivery, surveys, career center, scholarship and/or travel-grant applications, and mobile applications. When you use these systems, only the information absolutely necessary to deliver the product or service is provided and is returned to SEG or deleted. Your information is not used for any other purpose.
SmartBrief newsletter: We partner with SmartBrief to deliver a free industry-focused email newsletter to our customers. Campaigns run every four months, and new customers of SEG are automatically added to the new subscriber campaign. SEG will securely transfer email addresses of new customers to SmartBrief, and you will receive the SEG SmartBrief newsletter for a trial period of two weeks. You will continue to receive the SEG SmartBrief newsletter if you agree to subscribe by visiting the SmartBrief website and providing your email address. You may receive additional trials of the SEG SmartBrief newsletter if you do not unsubscribe to the SEG SmartBrief emails. If you unsubscribe, you will not receive future SEG SmartBrief campaigns. You may learn more about your data usage in the SmartBrief privacy policy.
Third-party marketers/SEG partners: We do not share your information with third-party direct marketers or SEG partners for any reason except if you register through SEG for a partnered event. In those cases, we will transfer your registration and contact information securely to the host or partner of the event. If you do not wish to hear from SEG about products and services that SEG partners offer, please do not opt in to SEG Partner Events in your communications center.
Third-party advertisers: We do not share personal data with the advertisers for any advertisements that are displayed on our website. We do use a third-party service to provide such ad functionality, but personal information is not shared that would identify you.
Exhibitors/sponsors: Exhibitors and event sponsors are provided a list containing first name, last name, and company name of all registered attendees before and after an event. Contact information is provided only if attendees allow an exhibitor to scan their event badge.
Hotel/housing providers: Housing providers and contracted hotels are provided a list containing first and last names of all registrants for an event. The information is reconciled against the hotel registrations in order for SEG to obtain housing block credit. We partner with hotels in order to provide attendees with discounted housing rates during SEG events.
Company controllers: Company controllers are able to register you, on your behalf, for an event as an employee or guest of their company. A company controller is required to enter your name and email address. If we find a match on email address, that registration will be added to your account history, but no personal information is shared with the company controller (in most cases an employee of an exhibiting company) other than the data the controller entered. If an email match is not found, a new account is created and you will receive an email indicating the order was processed on your behalf. You may then access your account online and manage your account at any time. Please see the How to access and control your information section below.
SEG Member Search: All SEG Members receive a profile that appears in the SEG Member Search online. Your member profile is automatically populated with information you provide, including your name, membership status, business address, business phone, business fax, and primary email. Additional profile information is available to be populated by you. You may elect to hide or display your entire profile or select only certain fields to display via your “My Account.” All members will be able to view your full profile, according to your privacy settings. The public is able to view basic information (name, city, country) within the Member Search results if display of your profile is enabled.
Volunteers/committees: Committee members and Society volunteers will receive contact information necessary to fulfill the responsibilities of the Society. Membership-application information such as first name, last name, employer, title, and experience is provided to the Membership Committee for approval of applicants for Active Membership. First name, last name, and email for all volunteers agreeing to participate as an abstract reviewer within the past two years will be provided to volunteer key contacts. Key contacts will then use this contact information to directly solicit review services for the upcoming year.
How we store and secure information we collect
Data retention: We retain your contact information and transaction history with SEG for as long as necessary to support the legitimate interests of the Society for the duration of business or contractual relationships, to maintain historical records of transactions, and to fulfill legal requirements.
Security: We take technical, physical and administrative measures to safeguard the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the data you provide to SEG. We take similar measures to evaluate the security of the third party processors we employ.
How to access and control your information
My Account: You may access your account online upon successful sign in to update your contact information, view your membership summary, manage your communication preferences, manage your privacy settings, manage which aspects of your profile will be displayed in Member Search results, manage your volunteer profile, and view your purchase and donation history. If you have further questions about your data or object to certain forms of processing, you may contact us.
How we transfer information we collect internationally
Our main business office and our website hosting and data centers are located in the United States. We have regional offices in China and the United Arab Emirates. Your information is securely shared among our offices in order to deliver products and services to you.
Other important privacy information
Our policy toward children: Our services are not directed to individuals under 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to delete such information. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact us.
Contact Us
If you have further questions about your data, or objecting to certain forms of processing you may contact us by post at:
Society of Exploration Geophysicists
8801 S. Yale Ave. Suite 500
Tulsa, OK 74137
or by email at [email protected].
ADVERTISEMENT
Our advertisers help SEG provide services to our customers. Please consider unblocking ads for our site.
This website uses cookies. If you continue without changing your browser settings, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. You can disable cookies at any time. Learn more
We also use partner advertising cookies to deliver targeted, geophysics-related advertising to you; these cookies are not added without your direct consent.
Allow Partner Advertising Cookies OK, I understand
8801 S. Yale Ave. Suite 500
Tulsa, OK 74137
Phone: 918-497-5500
Email: [email protected]
LINKS
Terms of Use
Geophysics Marketplace
Privacy Policy
Advertise
SEG Policies
Volunteer
Contact Us
SmartBrief
Career Center
HSSE Policy
CONNECT with us
Don't miss a thing.
Visit your SEG Communications Center to update your communications preferences.
Don't have an SEG account? It's free to create one - and you don't have to be an SEG member.
THE LEADING EDGE DIGITAL EDITION
Featuring bonus content!
© 1996-2020 Society of Exploration Geophysicists | All Rights Reserved