https://seiberling.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Loading...
PRIVACY POLICY
When you choose to provide us with information about yourself or organization, Seiberling will act in a responsible manner.
Privacy PolicyMeghan Kegebein2020-02-03T17:07:25+00:00
PRIVACYSeiberling recognizes and respects the privacy of users of this website. When you choose to provide us with information about yourself or organization, Seiberling will act in a responsible manner. Seiberling may store and disclose personal information as allowed or required by applicable law, including making disclosures that are necessary or advisable to (i) protect the rights, safety or property of Seiberling or others, and (ii) conform to legal or regulatory requirements.
Without your express approval, however, Seiberling will not trade, sell or rent your personal information but may collect and/or provide aggregate statistics about its website and users to other parties. Seiberling has no intention of collecting any personal data from individuals under 13 years of age.
When you view certain parts of the website, information may be stored on your computer. This information will be in the form of a “Cookie” or similar file and will permit tailoring of the website to better match your interests and/or preferences. This site, however, contains links to other websites and Seiberling does not control the privacy policies of those sites. See Linking below.
This privacy statement only applies to information collected and maintained by Seiberling.
Linking
As a convenience, this website contains links to other sites that are not controlled by, or affiliated or associated with, Seiberling. Accordingly, Seiberling does not make any representations concerning the privacy practices or terms of use of such sites, nor does Seiberling control or guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality of the information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or other materials available on such sites. The inclusion or exclusion does not imply any endorsement by Seiberling of the site, the site’s provider, or the information on the site.
NOTICE: COVID-19 Update. Safety is Our Priority.Learn More
+
Go to Top