https://sensible-staffing.com/privacy/
Privacy
Sensible Staffing Privacy Notice
Sensible Staffing is a recruitment business which provides work-finding
services. We have to process personal data (including sensitive personal data)
so we can provide these services – in doing so, the Company acts as a data
controller. Within this Privacy Notice we use the term ‘Individual’ to mean
different types of Data Subject for which we hold or process data. A Data
Subject is a living individual to whom the personal data relates. Organisations
are not data subjects.
An Individual may give personal details to the Sensible Staffing
directly, such as on an application or registration form or via our website, or
we may collect them from another source such as a jobs board. The Company must
have a legal basis for processing an Individual’s personal data. For the
purposes of providing work-finding services and/or information relating to
roles relevant to Individuals we will only use personal data in accordance with
the terms of the following statement.
An
Individual can opt-out from receiving marketing information and news via email/
text at any time by clicking “unsubscribe” or by sending an email to;
info@sensible-staffing.com.
Collection and use of personal data
Purpose of processing and legal basis
Sensible
Staffing will collect personal data (which may include sensitive personal data)
and will process this personal data for the purposes of providing work-finding
services. This includes for example, contacting Individuals about job
opportunities, assessing suitability for those opportunities, updating our
databases, putting Individuals forward for job opportunities, arranging
payments to Individuals and developing and managing our services and
relationship with Individuals and our clients.
In some
cases we may be required to use data for the purpose of investigating,
reporting and detecting crime and also to comply with laws that apply to us. We
may also use information during the course of internal audits to demonstrate
our compliance with certain industry standards.
The legal
bases we rely upon to offer these services are:
An Individual’s consent
Where we have a legitimate interest
To comply with a legal obligation that we have
To fulfil a contractual obligation that we have with an Individual
Legitimate interest
Sensible Staffing
has legitimate reasons to process Individuals data where we believe it is
reasonable and would not go against what an Individual would reasonably expect
from us.  Where we have relied on
legitimate interest to process personal data, our legitimate interests are as
follows:
Managing our
database and keeping Individuals records of their availability and the type of
work they are looking for  up to date;
Providing
work-finding services to the Individuals, including sending their information
to clients where they have demonstrated an interest in doing that particular
type of work but not expressly consented to passing on their cv;
Recipient/s of data
Sensible Staffing will process personal data and/or sensitive personal
data with the following recipients:
Clients that we introduce or supply Individuals to, for example; hospitals, care homes, local authorities, private
healthcare companies
Employer organisations with regards to employment references
Third parties who carry out audits, for example representatives of
the NHS Framework agreements or other client auditors
Umbrella companies that we pass Individuals data to for payment
purposes
Other recruitment agencies in the supply chain (e.g.
master/neutral vendors and second tier suppliers);
Our insurance providers, legal providers and other professional
advisors
Our Information Technology providers i.e. our IT Support Company
Any public information sources and third party organisations that we
use to carry out suitability checks on work-seekers e.g. Companies House, the
Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS), Nursing and Midwifery Council (NMC), independent
training providers
Government,  law enforcement
agencies and other regulators e.g. the Police, Home Office, HMRC, Employment
Agencies Standards Inspectorate (EASI), Local Authority Designated Officers
Any of our group companies.
Statutory/contractual requirement
We will share personal data where it is required by law and/or a contractual
requirement (e.g. our client may require this personal data), If an Individual does not give us personal data we need to collect we may not be able to
continue to provide work-finding services in those circumstances.
The data we usually collect and how we
collect it
Sensible Staffing will collect different types of data. Although its not
an exhaustive list, the types of data we would collect would usually include:
Personal data
Name, address, mobile no., email
National insurance no.
Banking and payment details
Pre-employment & right
to work checks, including training certificates and references
Sensitive personal data
Sensitive pre-employment
checks i.e. health information and criminal records history
Source of the personal data
Some times we collect data from the Individual and sometimes we can collect data from other sources. These sources can
include;
Various
CV databases, jobs boards and social networks where we believe there is a
legitimate interest
Where a Friend or colleague has
recommended you and we believe there is a legitimate interest
A former employer, usually
for a reference
Cookies on our website
Overseas Transfers
Sensible Staffing may transfer information Individuals provide to us to countries outside the European Economic Area (‘EEA’)
for the purposes of providing work-finding services. We will take steps to
ensure adequate protections are in place to ensure the security of information.
The EEA comprises the EU member states plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein.
Data retention
The Company
will retain personal data only for as long as is necessary for the purpose we collect
it. Different laws may also require us to keep different data for different
periods of time.
The Conduct
of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations 2003, require us
to keep Individuals records for at least one year from (a) the date of their
creation or (b) after the date on which we last provide you with work-finding
services.
We must also
keep payroll records, holiday pay, sick pay and pension auto-enrolment records for
as long as is legally required by HMRC and associated national minimum wage,
social security and tax legislation.
Where the
Company has obtained consent to process personal and sensitive personal data,
we will do so in line with our retention policy which is available on request. Upon
expiry of that period the Company will seek further consent from the Individual.
Where consent is not granted the Company will cease to process the data.
Cookies
We may
obtain data from cookies.  These are
small text files that are placed on an Individuals computer by websites. They
are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as
well as to provide information to the owners of the site. Cookies also enable
us to deliver more personalised content.
Most web
browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings.
Please note that in a few cases some of our website features may not function
if cookies are removed from the internet browser.
Internet Log Files
We use IP
addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track users’ movements, and
to gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.  IP addresses are not linked to personally
identifiable information.
Links to external websites
Sensible
Staffing’s website may contain links to other external websites. Please be
aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other
sites.  We encourage Individuals to read
the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable
information.  This privacy statement
applies solely to information collected by the our website.
Your rights as an Individuals
Please be
aware that Individuals have the following data protection rights:
The right to be informed about the personal data the Company
processes;
The right of access to the personal data the Company processes;
The right to rectification of personal data;
The right to erasure of personal data in certain circumstances;
The right to restrict processing of personal data;
The right to data portability in certain circumstances;
The right to object to the processing of personal data that was
based on a public or legitimate interest;
The right not to be subjected to automated decision making and
profiling; and
The right to withdraw consent at any time.
Individuals have
the right to withdraw change their preferences at any time by contacting Sensible Staffing at; info@sensible-staffing.com.
There may be circumstances where the we will still need to process data
for legal or official reasons. We will inform any affected individuals or
work-seekers if this is the case. Where this is the case, we will restrict the
data to only what is necessary for the purpose of meeting those specific
reasons.
If an Individual believes that any of the data that the Company processes is incorrect or
incomplete, please contact us using the details above and we will take
reasonable steps to check its accuracy and correct it where necessary. Individuals can also contact us using the above details if they want us to restrict
the type or amount of data we process, access their personal data or exercise
any of the other rights listed above.
Data Security
Sensible Staffing takes every precaution to
protect Individuals information. We have in place various measures in relation to the personal data processed to protect it. These
are firewalls, browser certification technology, encryption, limited access and
use of passwords. Only employees who need
the information to perform a specific job (for example, recruitment consultants
and our accounts staff) are granted access to your information.
We use all reasonable efforts to safeguard personal
information. However, an Individual should be aware that the use of technology
is not entirely secure and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or
integrity of any personal information which is transferred via email/the
Internet. Where a shared a device is used we recommend that Individuals do not
select the “remember my details” function when that option is offered.
Questions about the
security can be sent to info@sensible-staffing.com
Changes to this privacy statement
We will update this privacy statement from time to
time.  We will post any changes on the
statement with revision dates.  If we
make any material changes, we will notify Individuals.
Complaints or queries
If you wish to complain about this privacy notice or
any of the procedures set out in it please contact: info@sensible-staffing.com
You also have the right to raise concerns with
Information Commissioner’s Office on 0303 123 1113 or at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/, or any other relevant supervisory authority
should your personal data be processed outside of the UK, if you believe that
your data protection rights have not been adhered to.
Sensible Staffing are fully committed to protecting any personal information that you choose to share with us via our website or through any means of correspondence.
What information do we collect?
We will collect and retain any personal data that you choose to send us using the online forms on our website. This information will only be used in accordance with our privacy policy and to provide you with a service or to answer your enquiry.
Sensible Staffing is part of the Pario Group of companies. At no stage will we disclose your information to a third party company outside of the Pario Group of companies and will use the appropriate security measures to ensure that all data remains private.
This also applies to any correspondence made by fax, phone or email.
Website Statistics
We track all visits to our website so that we can monitor usage and preferences to help us provide a better service and online experience for our users. Information we collect relates to referral websites, search engines and your personal IP address. We do not use this information to identify you as an individual and you will remain anonymous.
Cookies
Cookies are small files stored within your web browser from our website. Cookies do not collect or contain any personal information about you nor do they allow us to access your computer in any way, shape or form.
We use cookies to identify website usage and for statistical and analytical purposes only. All information is collected lawfully and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Your Rights
Please note that in agreeing to share these details you have not forfeited your rights as outlined under the Data Protection Act 1998.
Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience possible. Learn More
YES, I AGREE