https://sentis.com.au/privacy
Search...
Search
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This statement and our Privacy Policy applies to Sentis Investments Pty Ltd (ABN 97 141 490 164), which is the ultimate holding company of the Sentis group, and its related bodies corporate (Sentis) in relation to personal information collected by Sentis, and contains some of the highlights of our Privacy Policy.
To find out more about our privacy practices, see our online Privacy Policy. Please read the summary below and click on the link for more details on a particular topic.
Sentis supports the importance that the community places on the maintenance of informational privacy of individuals’ personal and sensitive information. This extends to the collection and management of information held in its records regarding individuals.
Sentis’ Privacy Policy is to inform people of:
how and when Sentis collects personal information;how Sentis uses and discloses personal information;how Sentis keeps personal information secure, accurate and up-to-date;how an individual can access and correct their personal information; andhow Sentis will facilitate or resolve a privacy complaint.Collection
It is Sentis’ usual practice to collect personal information directly from the individual that personal information concerns. The types of information we collect are listed here. Sometimes, we may request personal information from you which consists of sensitive personal information. The types of sensitive information we collect are listed here.
However, sometimes Sentis may collect personal information from a third party. If we have collected personal information from a third party we will, whenever reasonably possible, make you aware that we have done this and why unless special circumstances apply, such as when we have been provided the information from your employer or the party on behalf of whom you are providing your services to, or from such other parties or for such other reasons as those listed in paragraph 3.6 of our Privacy Policy.
In certain circumstances, we request your assistance in generating a unique identifying code to link any answers you may provide us to one or more questionnaires over the course of a project (or multiple projects). The code will be stored securely and kept confidential by the research team at Sentis. After the project is completed, your personal information will be deleted and any reports created as a result of the answers to the questionnaires will be aggregated and anonymised without any reference to any individual participant.
Use and Disclosure
Sentis only uses and discloses personal information for the purposes for which it was collected, which are directly related to one of our functions or activities here (paragraph 4.2).
Sentis will generally only disclose your personal information to those parties external to Sentis where those third parties assist Sentis in carrying out its services or are a related party to Sentis. Examples of those organisations are listed here (paragraph 5.1).
You may unsubscribe from receiving any further communication from us at any time. If you do not wish to receive direct marketing communications from Sentis, please contact us via the details provided below, or follow the unsubscribe links in any email communication you may receive from us.
Credit Reporting Policy
To the extent you provide Sentis with personal information which is credit information or to the extent we collect any credit information about you from a third party or offer you terms of payment of your account with Sentis greater than 7 days, Sentis’ Credit Reporting Policy shall apply. Please see paragraph 6 further (here) and our Credit Reporting Policy for further information.
Cross Border Disclosure
It is possible that some of the information collected by Sentis may be disclosed to our related bodies corporate, contractors, agents and service providers outside of Australia. You consent to your information being disclosed to a destination outside Australia for this purpose, including but not limited to the United States of America, Canada, United Arab Emirates and the United Kingdom and you understand and acknowledge that Australian Privacy Principle 8.1 will not apply to such disclosures of your personal information. Please see paragraph 7.1 of our Privacy Policy for more details in relation to any cross border disclosure made of your personal information.
Security and Access
Sentis takes steps to protect the personal information we hold against unauthorised access, loss, use, modification or disclosure. Please see here (paragraph 8) further information, as we require you to notify us should the personal information we collect from you need updating.
Sentis’ Obligations
Sentis is bound by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). For more information, please see our complete Privacy Policy.
How to contact us
For further information or to make a complaint, please contact Sentis at info@sentis.com.au or write to us at PO Box 303, Morningside, Qld 4170 or contact us on +61 07 3363 5900.
Linkedin
Youtube
Solutions
Individual safety assessments
Safety culture assessments
Safety Leadership Assessment
Team safety development
Safety leadership development
Leadership coaching
Targeted safety training programs
Sustainability packages
eLearning
ZIP Resilience
Insights
Articles
Resources
Case Studies
About
Our Approach
Mission & Values
Our People
History
Careers
Find a Sentis Partner
Contact
HEAD OFFICE
Building 5, Ground Level747 Lytton RoadMurarrie QLD 4172
PHONE
1300 653 042
Copyright © Sentis Pty Ltd
Website Terms
Privacy Policy