https://servicecu.org/privacy-center/
Skip to Main Content Privacy NoticesU.S. Privacy NoticeEuropean Union Privacy NoticeCalifornia Privacy NoticeCA NOTICE AT COLLECTION Cookie PolicyData protection and privacy are core values for us at Service Federal Credit Union. Service Federal Credit Union is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and giving you, our member, the option of accepting cookies on our website. This Cookie Policy provides an overview of what cookies are and why we use them. Service Federal Credit Union may change this Cookie Policy at any time by updating this page. You can always view the latest version by visiting this page.What Are Cookies?Cookies are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer to improve your online experience. They store information, such as the device you are using or your login information, on your hard drive or browser so a website can recognize that you are a returning visitor. Cookies make it easier for you to maintain your preferences on a website.Why Do We Use Cookies?Service Federal Credit Union uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, personalize content, analyze traffic and share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.The cookies we use help us retain user preferences, store information and provide anonymized tracking data to our third-party analytics vendor.
Service Federal Credit Union can use this tracking data to monitor visitor behavior on our site, such as what you are clicking and viewing, or where you are submitting information. By measuring how you use our website, we can then tailor it around your preferences.Specifically, we may collect information about your computer or device, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type and operating system.Cookie CategoriesStrictly NecessaryThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you that amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling out forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but that means some parts of the site will no longer work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Performance CookiesThese cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and to see how visitors move around the site. All the information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site, and we will not be able to accurately monitor its performance.Functional CookiesThese cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.Targeting CookiesThese cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.Please click the button below to update your cookie preferences.Cookie Settings Marketing Consent FormsAt Service Federal Credit Union, we are constantly improving our product and service offerings and want to be able to share this information with you. In order to share it with you, we ask that you consent to receiving these materials by visiting the following forms.Parental Consent for Data Processing and Marketing to Child < 16 Data Subject Access Rights PortalThe link below will take you to a secure web form which you can use to exercise your GDPR data access rights. These include requests for information, requests to update information, requests for copies of your data, requests for data erasure, objections to processing, reviewing automated decisioning and filing of complaints with
Service Federal Credit Union.Click here to access our Data Subject Access Rights Portal
×
Log In FormOnline Banking Login