http://sftgassociates.com/privacy-and-terms
Home
About
Principals
Pasquale Giordano
Sherry Giordano
Clients and Testimonials
Client List
ITWomen
Testimonials
Services
Business Consulting Core Services
Go-to-Market Strategies
Interim Management and Coaching
Business Planning
Business Analysis and Assessment
Nonprofit Consulting Services
Strategic Planning
Board Governance
Partnerships and Alliances
Fund Development
Community Engagement
Leadership Development in Nonprofit Boards
Consultants Corner
Press
Contact
You are here: Home / Privacy and TermsPrivacy and Terms
S.F.T.G. Associates values your privacy.  Please read for further information. If you have questions, please don’t hesitate to contact us.
CONTACT US FORM
In our Contact Us form we ask for a name, email address, phone number and details necessary to answer your questions. We highly value your privacy and absolutely do not share your personal information with third parties.
BROWSING OUR SITE
Like most websites, we collect non-personally-identifying information of the kind that web browsers and servers usually make available, such as browser type, language preference, referring site, broad geographic areas, the date and time of requests, and the IP source of the requests. IP addresses do not identify individuals per se. We use Google Analytics, a tool widely used to compile non personal information to gauge visitor traffic. Google’s privacy policies are posted on its site.
COOKIES
Cookies are small strings of information that websites send to your computer to make your return visits more seamless and convenient. Cookies enable you to use some interactive features. For example, a cookie makes it possible for you to submit comments without having to re-enter all the required information each time. If you do not wish to have cookies placed on your computer, you should set your browser to refuse cookies before using a website. The disadvantage is that certain features on websites may not function properly without them.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
SFTG Associates.com provides links to other web sites. We make every effort to select these links with care; however, as we do not control these sites, we cannot take responsibility for their content or for their privacy policies. How information in these external links are used and interpreted is the responsibility of the user. Whenever you leave SFTG Associates.com we encourage you to read the individual privacy policies of these sites before using them and consult additional parties as required.
COPYRIGHT
The content on SFTG Associates is copyrighted and cannot be redistributed or used for commercial purposes.
USAGE AND CHANGES
By using this site, you are signifying an agreement to the terms and conditions of this policy. Please check this page periodically to learn of any changes or modifications to the privacy and security policy, as using the site after changes are posted means acceptance of such changes.
DISCLAIMER
Services of SFTG Associates are provided “as is” and SFTG Associates International, is not responsible or liable for temporary suspension or denial of service due to circumstances beyond its control, including application failures, hurricanes, and cyber attacks. Even with the best efforts, no security system is completely impenetrable, and no site can guarantee the absolute security of its database or the prevention of a remote possibility that the information you supply could be intercepted over the Internet. That said, we are passionately committed to protecting your personal information as outlined above.
This policy may be updated in the future, please check back to stay current.
If you have additional questions, please don’t hesitate to contact us. This privacy policy is governed by the laws of the United States and the State of Florida.
Recent Posts
Sherry Thompson Giordano Named National Academy Foundation Advisory Board Champion
Enmarcolda SA Enlists SFTG Associates International for Capital Expansion
Taylannas Taps SFTG Associates for SpeechMed Go-to-Market Launch
BusinessWeek New Entrepreneur
BusinessWeek Philanthropy
Return to top of page© 2020   S.F.T.G. Associates International   •  Privacy&Terms