https://sginc.com/about/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policyadmin2019-10-09T23:25:09-08:00
SGY, Inc., DBA: Shattuck & Grummett Insurance
PRIVACY POLICY
SGY, Inc., DBA: Shattuck & Grummett Insurance is committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of our customers. We
have created this privacy notice to demonstrate our commitment to security procedures and privacy of your personal information.
We would also like to emphasize that we use the personal information for insurance purposes only.
OUR PRIVACY POLICIES AND PRACTICES
Information We Collect
In order to perform insurance services for our customers, we collect nonpublic personal information from the following sources:
Information we receive from you (or provided on your behalf) on applications or other forms, such as name, address, telephone numbers, Social Security numbers and other personal financial information.
Information about your transactions with our affiliates or others, such as insurance coverage, payment history, claims history, and premiums paid.
Information from consumer reporting agencies, public records and data collection agencies, such as credit history and/or Motor Vehicle Report.
Information you provide to us on health or life insurance applications or from health care providers, such as doctors and hospitals to determine your past or present health condition.
Information Use and Disclosure
In order to provide insurance products and services, administer your account, process renewal policies, and provide claim
handling, we may disclose all the information we collect, as described above, to insurance companies, brokers, claim adjustors, and other financial institutions.
Shattuck & Grummett does not disclose any nonpublic personal information about our customers except as permitted by law. We
may disclose customer information about you to nonaffiliated third parties for the overall purpose of writing an insurance policy.
For example, to bind coverage for an insurance policy, we may be required to disclose information from applications to insurance
companies, brokers, consumer reporting agencies, Department of Motor Vehicles, and other federal and state regulators.
We may also share customer information with entities that perform services on our behalf. For example, we have relationships
with vendors that handle claims, protect against fraud, maintain our database and electronic systems, and provide customer
assistance. Our agreements with these vendors contain confidentiality provisions and restrictions on using this information for any other purpose then writing, issuing, or handling insurance related functions.
If you provide health information in connection with insurance applications or claims, we will not disclose that information except for purposes you have authorized for an insurance policy.
Your Right to Access and Amend Your Personal Information
You have the right to request access to the customer information we maintain about you and to correct inaccurate information.
Please submit a request in writing to SGY, Inc., Attn: Compliance Manager, 301 Seward Street, Juneau, Alaska 99801. The
request should include your name, address, telephone number and a description of the recorded information you would like to
access or correct. The request should state whether you would like to review the information in person or have a copy sent to you by mail.
Our Security Procedures
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information in order to
provide insurance products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and organizational safeguards to protect information about you.
This disclosure statement applies to consumers who have an insurance relationship with Shattuck & Grummett Insurance.
Go to Top