http://shabbir.in/privacy
Privacy - Shabbir Bhimani
Shabbir BhimaniHome
Start Here
Glossary
About
Ask Shabbir
Contact Shabbir Bhimani
Member’s Area
Become Member
My Book
More
Recommend Books
Best Funds of 2020
Privacy
Shabbir.in is an equity investment blog by Shabbir Bhimani. This “Privacy Statement” discloses the privacy practices for the blog shabbir.in website. We respect your privacy. Below is an outline of the information shabbir.in gathers
What personal data we collect and why?
Whenever you request a page through your browser, navigation and clickstream data such as:
Your IP address.
Browser and version.
Operating system.
Date and time.
The referral site
Are stored in a log file and/or database. Any search terms that you enter into the site are also logged. This information cannot be used to identify specific individuals, and is only used for:
Website and system administration.
Research and development.
Anonymous user analysis.
To provide accurate statistics to advertisers in the form of aggregated data.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. We use Disqus for comments and so you can check out their privacy policy here https://help.disqus.com/terms-and-policies/disqus-privacy-policy.
For an avatar, an anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
The contact forms, collect the email of the sender as well as logs the IP address. The IP Address is sent across spam detection services for genuine submissions. Once the IP Address passes the legitimate tests, the email is sent to the admin. Admin may reply back to your email. The email collected is only used for a reply back to you. The email sent by you can be stored by the admin in their email as archives.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to save your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We have Google Analytics as well as WordPress stats to track the site’s analytics. We anonymize the IP address for Google Analytics.
Subscribe
If you wish to subscribe to the blog, you provide your email address. Along with the email, we log data like
Your IP address.
Browser and version.
Operating system.
Date and time.
The referral site
Once all the data passes the needed check, we store the information on our server. Then we use Amazon’s Simple Email Services or SES to send emails along with a link if you wish to remove your email address from receiving any further emails. The email before being added to our list is shared with spam prevention services to check for genuinity before being subscribed. Once added, you may need to confirm the subscription. Once added to our list, the email or IP address is never shared with any third party. From time to time we may send some promotional offers that I think will help you trade or invest better in market.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
You can get in touch here
A trader, investor, consultant and blogger. I mentor Indian retail investors to invest in the right stock at the right price and for the right time. More about me ...
Wanna invest in the right stock at the right price & at the right time.
Shabbir Bhimani
Royal Heritage,
New Rander Road,
Near Causeway Circle,
Rander Surat - 395009
Gujarat India
FacebookLinkedInRSSTwitter
All Blog Articles »
© 2007 - 2020. All Rights Reserved.Disclaimer - Trading has large potential rewards, but also has large potential risk. You must be aware of the risks and willing to accept them in order to invest in market. Don't trade with money you can't afford to lose. This website is neither a solicitation nor an offer to trade in market and is meant for education purpose only. No representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those discussed on this website. The past performance of any trading system or methodology is not necessarily indicative of future results. Full Disclaimer | Privacy Policy