https://shilohrifle.com/privacy-policy/
Cart is empty
Cart is empty
View cart
Checkout
My Account
Orders
Comparison list
Wish list
Track my order(s)
Track my order(s)
Sign inRegister
Email
PasswordForgot your password?
Register for a new account
Sign in
Remember me
Home
Recent Stories - By Lucinda Bryan
Gift certificates
About
Forums
Engraving
Custom Features
Recent Stories
Menu
Rifles
1874 SHARPS RIFLE
1877 SHARPS RIFLES
1863 SHARPS RIFLE
Gun Inventory Room
SIGHTS
Vernier Tang Sights
Front Sights
Scopes
Buckhorn barrel sight
NEW Shiloh Items
Cleaning Supplies
Reloading Supplies
Shooting Supplies
Merchandise
Belt Buckles
Books
Caps
Clothing
Concealment Purses
Cups/Glassware
Knives
Miscellaneous
BARGAIN DEN
SHILOH OFFICE HOURS
Home/Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Privacy PolicyShiloh Rifle.com knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting Shiloh Rifle.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What Personal Information About Customers Does Shiloh Rifle.com Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at Shiloh Rifle.com. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. Click here to see examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Shiloh Rifle.com. A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit Web sites anonymously. Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience at Shiloh Rifle.com if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these tools exist.
E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Shiloh Rifle.com if your computer supports such capabilities. We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences.
Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. Click here to see examples of the information we receive.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computers hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as 1-Click purchasing, New for You, personalized Shiloh Rifle Honor System greetings, and storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of Shiloh Rifle.coms coolest features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Does Shiloh Rifle.com Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below and with subsidiaries Shiloh Rifle.com, Inc. controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. Click here for more information on how to sign off.
Which Information Can I Access?
Shiloh Rifle.com gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with Shiloh Rifle.com for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information. Click here to see some examples, the list of which will change as our Web site evolves.
What Choices Do I Have?
As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of such Shiloh Rifle.com features as Your About You Area, Wish Lists, and Customer Reviews.
You can add or update certain information on pages such as those listed in the "Which Information Can I Access?" section above. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences. (If you do not want to receive Conditions of Use and other legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Notice, those notices will still govern your use of Shiloh Rifle.com, and it is your responsibility to review them for changes.)
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, you will not be able to use such important features as 1-Click ordering and New for You if you do not use cookies.
In addition, the Federal Trade Commission provides useful information about online privacy on its own Web site, Site Seeing on the Internet.
Children
Shiloh Rifle.com does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell childrens products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use Shiloh Rifle.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit Shiloh Rifle.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Washington. If you have any concern about privacy at Shiloh Rifle.com, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; purchase history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features such as Purchase Circles, Top Sellers, and Just Like You; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for; and the phone number you used to call our 800 number. During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access easily at Shiloh Rifle.com include up-to-date information regarding recent orders; personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, communications preferences, address book, and 1-Click settings); payment settings (including credit card information and gift certificate, gift card, and check balances); e-mail notification settings; and recommendations (including recent product view history, prior order history, and Favorites).
Shiloh Sharps
Hours
M-F 8:30 am-4:30 pm, Closed on Holidays
Address
PO Box 279201 Centennial Dr.Big Timber, MT 59011
Phone Numbers
Tel: 406-932-4266
Alt: 406-932-4454
Fax: 406-932-5627Email:
lucinda@shilohrifle.com
Stay Connected
Email
Shiloh Forums
Shiloh Sharps201 Centennial DrBig Timber, MT 59011
Shiloh Sharps
About us
Engraving Room
Custom Features
Recent Stories
Gift certificates
Sitemap
Customer Service
About your order
Wishlist
Comparison list
Ordering Info & Instructions
About us
Why Shiloh Sharps
Privacy policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
© 2001-2020 Shiloh Sharps.
Designed and Developed: Struckture.com