https://shop.diesel.com/en/help-show?content=returnpolicy
A NOTE ON COOKIES...
To offer you a better experience, this site uses profile cookies, even from third parties. By closing the pop-up you consent to the use of cookies. For more information or to select your preferences consult our
Cookie Policy
Accept tracking
Read More
{"orderNumber":{"valueMissing":"This field is required.","tooLong":"Please enter a valid value","tooShort":"Please enter a valid value"},"orderEmail":{"valueMissing":"The e-mail address field is required","typeMismatch":"Please enter a valid Email Address","patternMismatch":"Please enter a valid Email Address"},"contactEmail":{"valueMissing":"The e-mail address field is required","typeMismatch":"Please enter a valid Email Address","patternMismatch":"Please enter a valid Email Address"},"contactFirstName":{"valueMissing":"This field is required."},"contactSurname":{"valueMissing":"This field is required."},"contactSubject":{"valueMissing":"This field is required."},"newsletter-popup-email":{"valueMissing":"The e-mail address field is required","typeMismatch":"Please enter a valid Email Address","patternMismatch":"Please enter a valid Email Address"},"newsletter-footer-email":{"valueMissing":"The e-mail address field is required","typeMismatch":"Please enter a valid Email Address","patternMismatch":"Please enter a valid Email Address"},"newsletter-email":{"valueMissing":"The e-mail address field is required","typeMismatch":"Please enter a valid Email Address","patternMismatch":"Please enter a valid Email Address"}}
END OF SEASON SALE: SELECT STYLES UP TO 40% OFF!
view details
*Discount is not applicable to all merchandise; excluding, but not limited to: Special Collections, Samsonite products, Sale Products, JoggJeans and Living Collection. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Offer valid through 12/24/2020 on Diesel.com. Diesel does not provide price adjustments on prior purchases. Free shipping is applicable within the continental United States only.
SHOP NOW. PAY LATER WITH KLARNA
view details
Click here for more information.
SAME DAY DELIVERY AVAILABLE IN NYC
view details
Click here for more information.
FREE SHIPPING ON ALL ORDERS!
view details
Enjoy complimentary ground shipping on all orders. This promotion will be automatically applied at check out.
EXTENDED RETURNS
view details
*Purchases made November 11 or later are eligible for returns through January 31.
Search
Help
SUPPORT TOPICS
BACK TO HELP
FAQs
Frequently asked questions
Contact Us
Customer service details
Send us a message
Thank you
Our Brands
Diesel
Diesel Kids
Diesel Black Gold
Shopping
Shopping on the site
Placing your order
Shopping cart
Size Guide
Man
Woman
Kids
Belt
Payment
Payment method
Billing information and tax
Refunds
Shipping
Shipping Times and Costs
Shipping information
Returns
How to return
Refund
Buy Online & Pickup In-Store
Buy Online and Pickup In-Store
Return In-Store
My Account
How to register
Advantages
Newsletter
Gift card
Check your balance
FAQ/Terms and Conditions
Track an Order
Change/cancel order
Check your order
Policies
Privacy Policy
Returns Policy
Information on Personal Data
Cookie Policy
Watch Warranty
Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions of Use
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Track Your Order
Shipping
Returns
Size Guide
Buy Online & Pickup In-Store
RETURNS POLICY
The goal of DIESEL S.p.A. ("the Seller") is to ensure complete satisfaction to the Buyer in regard to products carrying the brand name "DIESEL" and "DIESEL BLACK GOLD” on the Site (hereinafter referred to as "Buyer" and "Products", respectively). If for any reason the Buyer is unsatisfied with the purchase order ("Order"), unworn, unused and unaltered Products with all tags still attached may be returned for a refund within thirty (30) days from the day when the Products are delivered to Buyer, or if, at the time of purchase, the Buyer requested delivery to a "DIESEL" Retail Store ("Retail Store"), then within thirty (30) days; if the Products are being returned to a Retail Store, the Products must be delivered to one of the Retail Stores listed on the Site, within thirty (30) days. Products being returned via courier must be shipped via the courier indicated by the Seller or through other approved shipping methods as indicated on the return form.
Online returns and exchanges are accepted for online orders only. If you purchased your items in a Diesel store, you may return or exchange your items at the store where you purchased them or at any other Diesel location.
PRODUCTS ELIGIBLE FOR RETURN
To return or exchange an item online, the Buyer must complete the steps listed here. including filling out the Return Form. In addition,
a. the Products must not show signs of use, wear, wash, or damage in any way;
b. the identification tag must still be attached to the Products in its original state;
c. the Products must be returned in their original packaging intact;
d. the Products must be returned within thirty (30) days from the day when the Buyer received the Products, or if at the time of purchase the Buyer requested delivery to a "DIESEL" Retail Store ("Retail Store"), then within thirty (30) days from the day Buyer picked up the Products at the Retail Store. If the Products are being returned via courier, the Products must be delivered to the shipping courier indicated by the Seller within thirty (30) days; if the Products are being returned to a Retail Store, the Products must be handed over to a sales assistant at one of the Retail Stores listed on the Site within thirty (30) days.
If all the required conditions are satisfied, the Seller will refund the Buyer for the
price of the returned Products, minus the return shipping costs, if any. If the Buyer decides to use a shipping courier different from that indicated by the Seller, the Buyer will be solely responsible for payment of the courier’s shipping fees.
If the Buyer decides to return the Products at a Retail Store, the Buyer may hand over the Products to a store assistant at one of the Retail Stores listed on the Site in their original packaging, along with the printed adhesive label within thirty (30) days of receipt of the Products. Please note that the refund will be issued to the original form of payment once your returned items arrive at our warehouse. We will send you an email to confirm once your return has been processed.
The Buyer will be notified if the returned Products cannot be accepted, in which case, the Products will be returned to Buyer. In the event that the Buyer refuses this shipment, the Seller reserves the right to retain the Products and the amount corresponding to the purchase price of the same.
REFUND TIME FRAME AND PROCEDURE
After the Seller receives the return, the Buyer will receive an e-mail confirming whether the items have been accepted and any terms or conditions that may be applicable to the return.
All Products offered sold by the Seller bear an identification label, which is part of the Products. Products must be tried on without removing the tag, as Products returned to the Seller without this label will not be accepted.
SHIPPING CARRIER SERVICE
Products eligible for return may be shipped back to the Seller using the pre-paid UPS return shipping label. After completing the online return form, a prepaid UPS return shipping label will be emailed to you. This method allows the Seller to pay, on behalf of the Buyer, the delivery and tracking fees incurred for the shipment, tracking the parcel containing the Products throughout its delivery route. The Buyer can contact the shipping courier to arrange the return of Products or drop the Products off at one of the courier’s drop-off sites. If the Buyer decides to return the Products using a shipping courier other than those indicated by the Seller, the Buyer must pay for the return fees and will be fully liable for loss or damage of Products during the transport.
NEED HELP?
If you have any question or need help with your account, you may contact us to assist you.
We will respond to every message within 1 working day. Monday to Saturday, excluding national holidays.
CLIENT SERVICE
Phone: 855-482-1155
Monday - Friday: 9am - 9pm EST
Saturday: 10am - 9pm EST, excluding national holidays.