https://shop.swatch.com/en_us/privacy-policy
Skip to content (press Enter)
Skip to footer (press Enter)
Alert
Your browser currently is not set to accept cookies. Please allow cookies or check if you have another program blocking cookies.
PRIVACY POLICY
Swatch (a division of The Swatch Group (U.S.) Inc.) ( “Swatch”, “we”, “our” or “us”) values the trust you have placed in us. As part of our relationship, we recognize and respect your privacy. That is why Swatch is committed to protecting your privacy and using the information you share with us responsibly.
This Privacy Statement (“Privacy Statement”) is designed to explain: (i) how Swatch collects, uses, processes, secures, shares and transfers information; (ii) what type(s) of information we collect; (iii) how you can edit and/or delete certain information and change preferences; and (iv) covers your access and/or use of our website.  This Privacy Statement does not apply to the practices of companies that The Swatch Group (U.S.) Inc. does not own or control, or to people that Swatch does not employ or manage.
This Privacy Statement may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices or relevant laws. When we make changes, we will post them here. If we make material changes to this Privacy Statement we will place a notice on our website or we may send a notice to the e-mail address you provided to us. You may wish to check this section of our website from time to time, because by visiting our website, you agree to accept any such changes to this Privacy Statement. Except as otherwise mentioned herein, this Privacy Statement only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you on our website.
This Privacy Statement is incorporated into, and part of our Terms & Conditions, which governs your access to and use of our website in general. This Privacy Statement shall be interpreted under the laws of the United States, regardless of the location, residence or nationality of individual users.
We updated our Privacy Statement on November 1, 2016 which is this Privacy Statement’s effective date.
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Swatch may collect personal information from you when you establish or update a Swatch account, enter a contest or sweepstake, participate in a survey or poll, shop online, check the status of an order or review order history, join our mailing list or our social networking sites, purchase and send a gift card or utilize our technical support or customer services. Categories of personal information collected include: your name, e-mail address, postal, billing and shipping address, phone number and credit card number. In addition, we may maintain a record of your purchases from SHOP.SWATCH.COM and our affiliated companies’ stores and authorized distributors, retailers and dealers.
We obtain certain information by automated means when you visit our website, such as the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet, domain type, browser version, service provider and the pages accessed. By collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor our website to our visitors and understand what products and services you might prefer. We and certain of our trusted third party providers collect this information through various means, such as "cookies" and "web beacons," each of which are discussed in more detail below.
We also collect information from third-party sources, including from social media and other websites that display authorized Swatch branding. For example, if you post a comment on our FaceBook page or send us a message on Twitter, we may collect that information as described in this Privacy Statement. We also may collect information about you from commercially available sources (such as data aggregators and public databases). Please note that we may combine this information with other information that we collect about you and use it as described in the Privacy Statement.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
Swatch uses the information we collect from you for the following purposes:
To process your order and answer your questions about the status of your order.
To provide you with periodic e-mails and mailings about Swatch merchandise, services and promotions.
To create and manage your account.
Showing you and/or providing to you content that we think might be of interest to you, and displaying content according to your preferences and our terms.
To communicate with you about, and administer your participation in, special events, contests, sweepstakes, programs, offers, surveys and market research.
To provide advertisements to you about our products and services on this and other websites.
To operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products and services; enhancing and improving our online services (for example, to facilitate navigation and the login process, avoid duplicate data entry, enhance security, keep track of shopping cart additions and preserve order information between sessions); managing our communications; analyzing our products and customer base; cross reference customer databases to identify common customers; performing data analytics; (including online advertising and e-mail marketing), and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions).
To protect the security or integrity of our websites and our business.
To contact or notify you if necessary.
To interact with you on third party social networks (our interactions with you on a third party social network would be subject to that network's privacy policies and terms of use).
To provide services to you.
To protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other unlawful activity, claims and other liabilities.
To comply with our legal obligations, policies and procedures.
We also may use the information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection or as otherwise indicated in our Terms of Use.
Please note that if you use the share feature on our website to share any products with a friend, we will use your friend's name and email address to send the forwarding email. Your friend's information will not be saved in our customer or marketing databases. On occasion, we may combine information you provide with other demographic information available to us.
DATA INTEGRITY
Swatch processes personally identifiably information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Privacy Statement. We review our data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store and process the personally identifiably information needed to provide or improve our website, services and products or as otherwise permitted under this Privacy Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we depend on you to update or correct your personally identifiable information whenever necessary.
MOBILE MARKETING
You may be able to sign up to receive communications about our products and services through your mobile device by submitting your mobile telephone number mobile email address on this website. If you use this feature, we will send you communications about our products, services and promotions to such email address and/or by text message and voice message. You may, at any time, opt out of receiving these communications by contacting us as specified in the "How to Contact Us" section below. Depending on the terms of your mobile phone contract, you may incur charges for receiving and sending email and text messages on your mobile device. Swatch is not responsible for these charges.
INFORMATION WE SHARE
We do not sell or otherwise disclose personal information about you, except as described in the Privacy Statement.  We may share the personal information you provide to us with our affiliates, subsidiaries and our and their respective parents and its/their respective subsidiaries worldwide, licensees and joint venture partners for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
We also may share the information with our service providers who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions. These service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements.  Examples of these service providers include entities that process credit card payments, manage and reduce our credit risk, verify information, fulfill orders, conduct promotions, contests, sweepstakes and surveys and provide search results and links (including paid listings and links), web hosting, analytics and marketing services.  These service providers may combine data we provide to them or allow them to collect from or about you with data they collect in connection with other websites, applications or services to measure the effectiveness of our advertising and determine how you use our websites and services. We also may share aggregated statistical or demographic information about you with third party companies in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity for any lawful purpose.
Swatch may disclose your personal information to third parties (i) if we are required to do so by law, regulation or legal process (such as a court order), (ii) in response to a request by government or law enforcement authorities, (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity; (iv) enforce our Terms of Use or the terms of any of our statements or policies; or (v) protect the rights, property or safety of Swatch, our associates or our visitors, users, subscribers or customers. We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation).
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
This website may contain links and conduits to other websites (“Linked Sites”) for your convenience and information. These websites may be operated by companies not affiliated with Swatch. These Linked Sites may have their own privacy policies, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any Linked Site. We are not responsible for the content of any websites that are not affiliated with Swatch, any Linked Site, any use of those websites, or the privacy practices of those websites.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We maintain appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect the personal information you provide on this website against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use and other unlawful forms of processing. We use Secure Sockets Layer ("SSL") technology to protect the transmission over the Internet of your payment card data. SSL technology encrypts your credit card number, order information and personal information before it is transmitted to protect it from being decoded by anyone other than or on behalf of Swatch. Our website also displays the VeriSign Secure Site Seal, which indicates that that portion of our website has been authenticated by VeriSign and that confidential transactions within that portion of the website are secured by SSL encryption.
You can check the security of your connection by looking at the URL line of your browser. When accessing a secure website, the first characters of the website address change from "http" to "https. If you are using a web browser or firewall that does not permit communications through secure websites, you will not be able to make purchases on our website. If you cannot access the secure server for any reason, you can place your order by calling 1-866-379-2824.
While we implement the above and other security measures to protect your information, please note that no data transmitted over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
YOUR SECURITY OBLIGATIONS
You must protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Please sign off when finished using a shared computer. Your emails to us are not necessarily secure against interception so do not include sensitive information in them. We generally will not ask for passwords in an email and you should assume that if you get such a request, it might be fraudulent. YOU MUST DO WHAT YOU REASONABLY CAN TO ENSURE THE SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
SERVICES AND PRODUCTS ON OTHER WEBSITES
We may offer some of our products and services or authorized Swatch branding on or through other websites. Information, including personally identifiably information, that you provide to those websites may be sent to us in order to deliver our products and services or collected and used by us as described in this Privacy Statement. We process, use, share and secure such information under this Privacy Statement. The affiliated websites through which our products and services and authorized Swatch branding are offered may have different privacy practices and we encourage you to read their privacy policies. We have no responsibility or liability for the practices, policies and security measures implemented by third parties on their websites.
THIRD-PARTY APPLICATIONS
Our website may include Widgets, which are interactive mini-programs that run on our website to provide specific services from another company (e.g. allowing you to share a profile with your FaceBook or Twitter account). Personal information, such as your email address, may be collected through the Widget. Cookies may also be set by the Widget to enable it to function properly. Information collected by this Widget is governed by the privacy policy of the company that created it. We have no responsibility or liability for the practices, policies and security measures implemented by such parties.
PUBLIC FORUMS
When you contribute to a public area or feature, such as a chat room, bulletin board, list serve, wall, blog, wiki or other open forum that we may make available on or through our website or an authorized third-party website, the information that you submit may be made available to the general public. We do not restrict the distribution of personal information that you voluntarily disclose in these public forums, and so that information can be collected and used by others. For this reason, we recommend that you do not submit any sensitive information, including your full name, home address, phone number, other information that would enable other users to locate you, or financial information on these areas. We cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Privacy Statement or applicable law.
CHANGES TO YOUR SHOP.SWATCH.COM ACCOUNT INFORMATION
If at any time you want to change or review the information you have provided through SHOP.SWATCH.COM, simply sign on to SHOP.SWATCH.COM and click on "My Account" on the navigation bar. You will then be able to change any information stored in your account. Be sure to click "Save" when you complete your changes. You can also change or access this information by sending an e-mail to us or calling 1-866-379-2824. Please be sure to include or have ready your full name, address, phone number and e-mail address.
ACCESS AND CORRECTION
Subject to applicable law, we provide you with access to personal information we have retained about you and the ability to review, correct, update, block or delete the information where it is inaccurate. Subject to applicable law, we may limit or deny access to personal information where providing such access is unreasonably burdensome or expensive under the circumstances. Please submit your request to the address specified in the "How to Contact Us" section below. Please include your name, email address and postal address in your request.
YOUR CHOICES
We offer you certain choices about how we communicate with you and what information we collect from you. You may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us or object at any time on legitimate grounds to the processing of your personal information, and we will apply your preferences within a reasonable time going forward. You can choose not to receive marketing communications from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link in our marketing emails or contacting us as specified in the "How to Contact Us" section below. Please include your name, email address and postal address if you send us your request by email or postal mail.
COOKIES
Like many companies, we use "cookies" on this website. Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer's hard drive when you visit certain websites. Cookies may enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site. We use cookies, for example, to preserve the contents of your virtual shopping cart between visits. We also use cookies to measure activity on the website and determine which areas and features of the website are the most popular. Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie and how to disable existing cookies. Without cookies, however, you may not be able to take full advantage of all our website features. For example, if you turn off cookies or refuse them, you will not be able to make purchases on the website. If you cannot access the secure server for any reason, you can place your order by calling 1-866-379-2824.
WEB BEACONS
Certain pages on this website contain "web beacons" (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs). Web beacons are used for internal purposes, such as to obtain the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, and the type of browser used to view the page. We also retain service providers who use web beacons to assess the effectiveness of our email communications and learn what pages our visitors viewed.
INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING AND THIRD PARTY WEB ANALYTICS SERVICES
We may collect information about your online activities on our website to provide you with advertising about products and services tailored to your individual interests. We also may obtain information for this purpose from third-party websites on which our ads are served. This section of our Privacy Statement provides details and explains how to exercise your choices. You may see certain ads on other websites because we work with advertising partners (including advertising networks) to engage in remarketing and retargeting activities. Our advertising partners allow us to target our messaging to users through demographic, interest-based and contextual means. These partners track your online activities over time and across websites by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of third-party cookies, web server logs, and web beacons. They use this information to show you advertisements that may be tailored to your individual interests. The information our advertising partners may collect includes data about your visits to websites that participate in the relevant advertising networks, such as the pages or advertisements you view and the actions you take on the websites. This data collection takes place both on our website and on third-party websites that participate in the ad networks. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. For example, we utilize Criteo's, DoubleClick's, Facebook’s, Instagram’s and Snapchat’s targeted advertising services to show you our ads on other websites based on your prior visits to our website and other online activity. You can opt out of these features, respectively, here: http://www.criteo.com/privacy/full-privacy-text/ here: https://code.google.com/archive/p/google-opt-out-plugin/ and here: https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950 and here: https://support.snapchat.com/en-US/article/advertising-preferences.
Provided that a company participates in industry-developed programs designed to provide consumers choices about whether to receive targeted advertising, you also may opt out of ad network interest-based advertising generally through the Network Advertising Initiative website or by visiting http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. To learn more, please visit the websites operated by the Network Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising Alliance.
We also may use third party web analytics services, such as Google Analytics, to measure the effectiveness of our advertising and determine how visitors use this website. These service providers’ tools, including cookies and web beacons, allow us to collect information such as the state and zip code from which our visitors come and the IP addresses of our visitors' computers. You can opt out of aggregation and analysis of data collected by Google Analytics at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Bounce Exchange, Inc. is an analytics company and interest based ad platform for serving relevant behavioral ads on our website and/or email communications. You can opt out of receiving email communications from Swatch here.
TRANSMIT AND TRANSFER PERSONAL INFORMATION TO OTHER COUNTRIES
If you are unsure whether this Privacy Statement is in conflict with the applicable local rules where you are located, you should not submit your or any other persons personally identifiably information to us. Anyone who accesses, uses or interacts with us, our third party providers or this website who submits personally identifiably information or provides any other information does thereby consent to: (i) the international transmission, transfer, processing and/or storage of all such information, including personally identifiably information, to a country which may be deemed to have inadequate data protection and (ii) the collection, using and sharing of such information, including personally identifiably information, as provided in this Privacy Statement.
PHISHING
"Phishing" is a scam designed to steal your personal information. If you receive an email that looks like it is from us asking you for your personal information, do not respond. We will never request your password, user name, credit card information or other personal information through email.
VISITING SHOP.SWATCH.COM FROM THIRD-PARTY SITES
If you are visiting SHOP.SWATCH.COM through a link from another website or search engine, information about your visit to SHOP.SWATCH.COM may be collected by the provider of the other website or search engine. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these other websites or search engines. You may avoid disclosing your information to these other websites or search engines by entering SHOP.SWATCH.COM directly into the address field of your Internet browser.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
This website is not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen on the website. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a visitor under the age of thirteen on this website, we will delete the information from our records. We recommend that prospective users between the ages of 13 and 17 ask their parents or other legal guardians for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Statement or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us as indicated below:
The Swatch Group (U.S.) Inc.
1200 Harbor Boulevard
Weehawken, NJ 07086
ATTN: Customer Service – Ecommerce
Phone: 1-866-379-2824
The Swatch Group (U.S.) Inc.
Privacy Policy for California Residents
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
Last Reviewed on: December 13, 2019
This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained in the Privacy Policy of The Swatch Group (U.S.) Inc. “Swatch Division” (the “Company” or “we”) and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California ("consumers" or "you"). We adopt this policy to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this policy.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from us consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
Business Purpose
Source
A. Identifiers.
A real name,  postal address, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name
YES
Performing the following services: customer, advertising, marketing, analytic, processing or fulfilling orders, processing payment. Detection or prevention of fraudulent activity.
Customer forms (online and instore), Website
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, address, telephone number,  credit card number, debit card number
YES
Performing the following services: customer, marketing, analytic, processing or fulfilling orders, processing payment. Detection or prevention of fraudulent activity.
Customer forms (online and instore), Website
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age, gender
YES
Marketing services
Customer forms (online and instore), Website
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered
YES
Performing the following services: customer, advertising, marketing, analytic, processing or fulfilling orders, processing payment.
Customer forms (online and instore), Website
E. Biometric information.
N/A
NO
N/A
N/A
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement
YES
Performing the following services: advertising, marketing, analytic.
Website
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location
YES
Performing the following services: customer, advertising, marketing, analytic.
Website
H. Sensory data.
N/A
NO
N/A
N/A
I. Professional or employment-related information.
N/A
NO
N/A
N/A
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
N/A
NO
N/A
N/A
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, behavior
YES
Performing the following services: advertising, analytic.
Website
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, like:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
Sharing of Personal Information
We may share your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we share personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Service providers.
Legal entities under the common control of The Swatch Group Ltd.
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
In the preceding twelve (12) months, the Company has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers.
Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Category D: Commercial information.
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.
Category G: Geolocation data.
Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Sales of Personal Information
We do not sell your personal information.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that the Company disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that the Company delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at: 877-403-8159
Emailing us at: USPrivacy.Swatch@swatchgroup.com
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
The Company reserves the right to amend this privacy policy at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy policy, we will post the updated policy on the Website and update the policy 's effective date. Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this privacy policy, the ways in which the Company collects and uses your information described herein, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone: (877) 403-8159
Email: USPrivacy.Swatch@swatchgroup.com
Image link border
Swiss made
Dr. Swatch
Swatch guarantee
Shipment
Satisfaction guaranteed
Easy returns
Image link border
Back to top
Arrow down