http://shop.metys.com/metys/shop/fr/content/2-mentions-legales
>
Mentions légales
Legal Note
Copyright
Copyright © Metys SA, Brussels, Belgium, 2002-2014. All RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and to print in hard copy portions of this website for the sole purpose of using this website as an information resource [or of ordering goods or services and using this site as a shopping resource]. In this case each copy must contain a note referring to copyright and property of the document. Any other use of materials on this website -- including reproduction for purposes other than noted above, modification, distribution, or reproduction -- without the prior written permission of Metys SA is strictly prohibited.
Disclaimer of Warranty
Metys SA assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in these materials. THESE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT A WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Metys SA shall not be liable for damages of any kind including without limitation direct, special, indirect, or consequential damages which may result from the use of these materials, information downloaded from these materials or loss or damage to your records or data. Metys SA does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, text, graphics, links or other items contained within these materials. Metys SA has no control over the information that you may access through the use of hot links contained in these materials and does not endorse your use of these third party web pages nor provide any warranty whatsoever relating to these third party web pages.
Trademarks
All trademarks, product names and company names or logos cited herein are the property of their respective owners. The display of trademarks on pages at this web site does not imply that a license of any kind has been granted.
Privacy
THE INFORMATION ABOUT YOU COLLECTED ON THIS WEB SITE IS SUBJECT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. BY DISCLOSING THE INFORMATION TO US, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THE POLICY. Metys SA recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of our customers and visitors to our Web site while permitting us to conduct legitimate business by providing services and information of interest to our customers and visitors. Our privacy policy is stated below: Collection and Storage of Information: We will collect certain personal information, including your name, address, and e-mail address, when you register for our services or purchase our products. We maintain this information in our customer database. We may also collect additional information, such as in connection with special offers, contests, or other promotions. We may use "cookies" to recognize you and your access privileges on our site, as well as to trace site usage. Use of Information: This information is used to provide the service or product requested; to enable billing and shipping; to provide you with information about related products and services, based on the preferences you have indicated; to improve our Web site; for development of new products and services; and for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes. From time to time, we share our customer lists with other reputable organizations whose products and services may be of interest to our customers. We will not share your e-mail address with parties outside Metys SA, and we offer you the option not to have your other information shared with parties outside Metys SA. Personal information, such as mother's maiden name or credit card numbers, will not be shared with third parties unless you are notified at the point where the information is collected. Information concerning individuals' usage of our sites will not be disclosed to third parties except in aggregate form. Your Rights: You may review and approve the information about you collected upon registration in our customer database. Upon request, we will remove that information from our customer database or change/correct personal information that you state is erroneous. However, you should understand that information about you in our databases may come from a number of sources, including orders placed by you and third party mailing lists. Privacy Contact: Questions regarding this policy should be directed to Metys SA. Metys SA is not responsible for the privacy policies of Web sites to which this site may link.