https://shop.arlynscales.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home
Terms and Conditions
Products
Platform Scales
Floor Scales
Bench Scales
Drum Scales
Counting Scales
Cylinder Scales
Crane Scales
Scale Display Indicators
Veterinary and Animal Scales
Wheel Chair Scales
Ultra Precision Scales
High Resolution Balances and Scales
Corrosion Resistant Scales
Scales for Hazardous, Explosive and Flammable Environments
Automated Pig Sorter
Miscellaneous Scales
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales. Copyright 2003, Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales or purchasing Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales or to purchase Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn ScalesWarranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of LiabilityCircuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Right to Correct, Reject or Cancel Orders
We reserve the right to correct typographic errors and reject or cancel orders because applicable law prevents the sale of the Products in your area or for any other reason.
Prices and Payment Terms
Published prices don't include taxes, duties, brokerage or shipping costs, and they may be changed without notice. All payments must be in U.S. Dollars. Open accounts may be available on terms approved by us.
Other ChargesIn addition to the published price, we may charge you for shipping, freight, taxes and all other expenses that we incur in connection with the shipping of your order.
Proof of Delivery RestrictionsA customer may request proof of delivery within 90 days after the order is shipped. After 90 days, proof of delivery documentation expires and will no longer be available. Any discrepancies with shipping and receiving must be brought to our attention within 90 days after the order is shipped.
Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.NoticeCircuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales.MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation DisclaimerCircuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales, Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Circuits & Systems Inc. dba Arlyn Scales seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
×
Copyright © 2020 Arlyn Scales Inc. All Rights Reserved.