https://shop.mcrsafety.com/index.php?main_page=conditions
GLOVES
GLASSES
GARMENTS
RESOURCES
GSA
BUY & TRY
Toggle navigation
GLOVES
GLASSES
GARMENTS
RESOURCES
GSA
BUY & TRY
MOBILE TOOLS
About Us
Contact Us
Sales & Service
Log In
Log Out
BUY & TRY
GLOVES
GLASSES
GARMENTS
FR GEAR
SEARCH
Categories
Gloves
Glasses
Garments
FR Gear
Face Masks
Promotional Items
New Products ...
All Products ...
Reviews  [more]
I' ve found it from my client Yamgaz
(yamal Project)...
Search
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Discount Coupons
Important Links
Garment Sizing
B&T Home
B&T Log In
Home »
Conditions of Use
Conditions of Use
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE VERY CAREFULLY
By accessing or otherwise using this Website (mcrsafety.com) you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions of use.
Changes to the Terms and Conditions
MCR Safety may change these terms and conditions of use at any time, without prior notice. If you access or use the Website after MCR Safety posts a change, you accept that change. If you do not accept the change, do not access or use the Website. You should check these terms and conditions of use periodically.
Access and Use of the Website
MCR Safety grants you a limited license to access and use the Website provided that you do not modify the Website, its content, or any copyright or other proprietary notices. This license terminates automatically if you breach any of these terms and conditions of use. Upon termination, you must immediately destroy all copies in your possession. Unauthorized use of the Website or any content may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Restrictions on Use of the Website
Except as expressly authorized above, you may not copy, modify, distribute, download, display, transfer, post, or transmit the Website or its content in any form without MCR Safety's prior written permission.
The following activities are also expressly prohibited without MCR Safety's prior written permission: use of any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy the Website or any of its content; "mirroring" the Website or any content on any other server; collection or use of product listings, descriptions, or prices for a supplier of competitive or comparable products; and any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Website or otherwise interferes with its functioning.
Posting and Transmitting to the Website
You may not post or transmit any threatening, defamatory, sexually graphic, inflammatory, profane, or other inappropriate material. MCR Safety reserves the right to edit or remove any post or transmission that, in its judgment, is not appropriate.
Accuracy of Information and Disclaimer of Warranty
MCR Safety has made every effort to present the content on the Website accurately, but additions, deletions and changes may occur. Content on the Website is provided "as is"; neither MCR Safety nor its representatives make any representation or warranty with respect to the content.
MCR Safety and its representatives specifically disclaim, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all warranties, express or implied, relating to the Website or its content, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, completeness, timeliness, correctness, noninfringement, or fitness for any particular purpose.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances will MCR Safety or its affiliates have any liability with respect to any claims or damages (whether direct or indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive) as a result of your access or use of (or inability to access or use) this Website or its content, even if they have been advised of the possibility of such damages. You access and use this Website at your own risk.
Links to this Website
MCR Safety grants you a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of the Website so long as the link does not portray MCR Safety or its products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or offensive matter. You may not use the MCR Safety logo, MCR Safety trademark, or MCR Safety's name or trademarks, or other proprietary graphic in the link without the prior written permission of MCR Safety.
Ownership
The material provided on this Website is protected by law, including, but not limited to, United States copyright law and international treaties. The copyright in the content of the Website is owned by MCR Safety or others. Except for the limited rights granted above, all other rights are reserved.
For Use in the United States
This Website is controlled and operated by MCR Safety from its offices within the United States. MCR Safety does not represent that the Website is appropriate or available for use elsewhere; access to the Website from locations where its contents are illegal is not authorized. If you access this Website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk.
Home
Copyright © 2020 MCR Safety
Privacy Notice | Conditions Of Use
X