https://shop.diesel.com/en/help-show?content=returnsHowtoReturn
A NOTE ON COOKIES...
To offer you a better experience, this site uses profile cookies, even from third parties. By closing the pop-up you consent to the use of cookies. For more information or to select your preferences consult our
Cookie Policy
Accept tracking
Read More
{"orderNumber":{"valueMissing":"This field is required.","tooLong":"Please enter a valid value","tooShort":"Please enter a valid value"},"orderEmail":{"valueMissing":"The e-mail address field is required","typeMismatch":"Please enter a valid Email Address","patternMismatch":"Please enter a valid Email Address"},"contactEmail":{"valueMissing":"The e-mail address field is required","typeMismatch":"Please enter a valid Email Address","patternMismatch":"Please enter a valid Email Address"},"contactFirstName":{"valueMissing":"This field is required."},"contactSurname":{"valueMissing":"This field is required."},"contactSubject":{"valueMissing":"This field is required."},"newsletter-popup-email":{"valueMissing":"The e-mail address field is required","typeMismatch":"Please enter a valid Email Address","patternMismatch":"Please enter a valid Email Address"},"newsletter-footer-email":{"valueMissing":"The e-mail address field is required","typeMismatch":"Please enter a valid Email Address","patternMismatch":"Please enter a valid Email Address"},"newsletter-email":{"valueMissing":"The e-mail address field is required","typeMismatch":"Please enter a valid Email Address","patternMismatch":"Please enter a valid Email Address"}}
END OF SEASON SALE: SELECT STYLES UP TO 40% OFF!
view details
*Discount is not applicable to all merchandise; excluding, but not limited to: Special Collections, Samsonite products, Sale Products, JoggJeans and Living Collection. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Offer valid through 12/24/2020 on Diesel.com. Diesel does not provide price adjustments on prior purchases. Free shipping is applicable within the continental United States only.
SHOP NOW. PAY LATER WITH KLARNA
view details
Click here for more information.
SAME DAY DELIVERY AVAILABLE IN NYC
view details
Click here for more information.
FREE SHIPPING ON ALL ORDERS!
view details
Enjoy complimentary ground shipping on all orders. This promotion will be automatically applied at check out.
EXTENDED RETURNS
view details
*Purchases made November 11 or later are eligible for returns through January 31.
Search
Help
SUPPORT TOPICS
BACK TO HELP
FAQs
Frequently asked questions
Contact Us
Customer service details
Send us a message
Thank you
Our Brands
Diesel
Diesel Kids
Diesel Black Gold
Shopping
Shopping on the site
Placing your order
Shopping cart
Size Guide
Man
Woman
Kids
Belt
Payment
Payment method
Billing information and tax
Refunds
Shipping
Shipping Times and Costs
Shipping information
Returns
How to return
Refund
Buy Online & Pickup In-Store
Buy Online and Pickup In-Store
Return In-Store
My Account
How to register
Advantages
Newsletter
Gift card
Check your balance
FAQ/Terms and Conditions
Track an Order
Change/cancel order
Check your order
Policies
Privacy Policy
Returns Policy
Information on Personal Data
Cookie Policy
Watch Warranty
Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions of Use
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Track Your Order
Shipping
Returns
Size Guide
Buy Online & Pickup In-Store
RETURN AND EXCHANGE PROCEDURE
*Purchases made November 11 or later are eligible for returns through January 31.
To return or exchange an item, log into the My Account section on Diesel.com or visit the Check Order Status section of the Help Area and enter the email address associated with your order and order number, then follow these steps:
1. Select the item(s) you want to return or exchange. For every item included in your order, You can decide between "RETURN" or "CHANGE SIZE"
2. Complete the online return form. Check the recap and click on "CONFIRM."
After completing the form, a prepaid UPS return shipping label will be emailed to you.
3. Securely repackage your item(s) in the original order box if possible, or if not, in other packaging appropriate for shipment.
4. Simply print out the prepaid UPS return shipping label and attach it to your package.
5. Contact UPS to arrange a pickup or bring your package to a UPS drop off location.
*If there is an item in your order that you wish to keep, do not click on either of the options for those items. You can also use the "Do you want to keep it? Click here" link to remove any flags in case you've already clicked on one of them.
To be eligible for return or exchange, items must be received by UPS (or the applicable courier if you choose a different courier) within 30 days from the date the products were delivered to you. All products must be unworn, unused and unaltered, with all tags still attached. Beachwear, underwear and perfumes can be returned only with the package sealed.
We will process your return or exchange within 1-3 business days from when we receive your return or exchange and will send you an email to confirm that your return has been processed. Please note we can issue the refund only through the original form of payment. Refund processing times may vary depending on payment method and financial institution and may take up to fourteen (14) days to appear on your statement. If you are exchanging sizes of the same product, there will not be any additional charges and no refund will be issued.
EXCHANGES: We will ship the exchanged item(s) to the address used in the original order as soon as your return has been received and verified.
Returns and exchanges are also accepted at your local Diesel store. In case of defective merchandise, you can also start the return/exchange procedure by contacting our client service team at 855-482-1155.
Online returns and exchanges are accepted for online orders only. If you purchased your items in a Diesel store, you may return or exchange your items at the store where you purchased them or at any other Diesel location.
The cost of return shipping will be deducted from your refund (if you have taken advantage of free shipping, your return will be free).
We recommend shipping returned items using UPS, for tracking and insurance purposes. However, if you prefer to use your own shipping method, please ship your return items to:
350 Mac Lane
Keasbey, NJ 08832
If you choose to return the package using a different courier or shipping method, all return shipping charges will be at your expense and must be pre-paid by you. Diesel will not assume responsibility for reimbursement or compensation in the event that return packages are lost, stolen, mishandled or damaged.
Before requesting the return, please read our full Return Policy carefully.
RETURN IN STORE
You can return items purchased on shop.diesel.com to one of the Diesel Stores listed below within 30 days of purchase date. Just follow the steps, also listed below:
Check this list to find your nearest Diesel store (please reference the list below for participating locations.)
Bring the item(s) you wish to return or exchange to the store. All products must be unworn, unused and unaltered, with all tags still attached. Beachwear and perfumes can be returned only with unopened packaging. Underwear is not eligible. Do not forget the paperwork included with your order, such your order invoice. If possible, please bring the original box in which you received your order.
Save the tracking number displayed on the pre-paid return label. This will give you the opportunity to monitor your return.
Our store staff will be happy to ship the return on your behalf.
After the return is received and we have verified that all conditions have been met, we will send you an email confirming that the refund has been issued. Please note that, although your refund will be initiated immediately, processing times will depend on local banking procedures.
Return in store is currently available in the following stores.
Return to store is currently available on the following locations:
- Diesel Store Atlanta - 3393 Peachtree Rd, 30326 Atlanta, GA
- Diesel Store Aventura - 19501 Biscayne Blvd, 33180 Aventura, FL
- Diesel Store Tyson's Corner - 8050 Tyson's Corner, 22102 Mclean, VA
- Diesel Store Fashion Show -3200 Las Vegas Blvd, 89109 Las Vegas, NV
- Diesel Store Soho - 135 Spring St, 10012 New York, NY
- Diesel Store Boston - 339 Newbury St, 02115 Boston, MA
- Diesel Store King of Prussia - 160 N Gulph Rd, 19406 King of Prussia, PA
- Diesel Store San Francisco - 800 Market St, 94108 San Francisco, CA
Back to the top
NEED HELP?
If you have any question or need help with your account, you may contact us to assist you.
We will respond to every message within 1 working day. Monday to Saturday, excluding national holidays.
CLIENT SERVICE
Phone: 855-482-1155
Monday - Friday: 9am - 9pm EST
Saturday: 10am - 9pm EST, excluding national holidays.