https://shor-line.com/customer-service/billing-terms/
Introduction
Terms and Conditions
Financing Options
Damages and Returns
Product Delivery
Section 179
STANDARD TERMS OF PAYMENT Unless other arrangements have been made with Shor-Line in writing, payment is due 30 days from the date of invoice, payable in United States Funds. Refer to Terms of Payment under Terms and Conditions for more information. ANY PAYMENT TERMS ARE SUBJECT TO CREDIT APPROVAL. For more information, contact our Credit Department at 800.444.1579, ext. 2709. Payment Options Shor-Line offers several payment options for orders more than $5,000. This includes both leasing and financing options that are offered through different companies. Our most popular options are:
Credit Cards. You keep the benefits from reward cards and the purchase is covered. We accept  Visa, MasterCard and Discover. Cash. We provide a 2% cash discount. Pay with a check to receive the discount. Discount does not apply to tax, shipping or outside charges. 3-3-3 Plan. This plan spreads the payment out in three monthly installments with NO interest charges. You can use a credit card to pay on this program. A 25% down payment of all equipment, shipping and tax costs is required. The remaining two equal payments are due 30 days and 60 days respectively after the receipt of the equipment.
Taxes Sales and use taxes may be collected for some government agencies. But, Shor-Line shall not be liable for any such taxes, which shall be the customer’s sole responsibility. Refer to Section #5 on Terms and Conditions. Leasing We offer lease options through major lease companies. Call 800.444.1579, ext. 2709, for details. Shipping and Handling We calculate freight rates at the time we take your order. Freight is charged on all orders unless otherwise stated. Payment options, freight and tax are all based on shipments within the U.S. If you need a shipment to go outside the U.S., then provide that address at the time of your order for an accurate quote. Order Status To check on the status of your order, call 800.444.1579, ext. 13, or email your salesperson.
Can’t find what you are looking for? Call Us at 1.800.444.1579
×
Already have a password?
Enter DWG Area
Sign up to view and download the files
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree