https://shor-line.com/customer-service/technical-services/privacy-policy/
Privacy Notice Our website address is: https://www.shor-line.com. Introduction Our mission at Shor-Line is to constantly reinvent and add to an extensive array of products to help animal professionals provide the best possible care for their patients. See our Mission Statement here. To assist us in achieving our mission, we collect and process certain information you provide us. To assist us in achieving our mission, we collect and process certain information you provide us. We work hard to be good stewards of your information. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information. What do we collect and how Anonymous and Aggregated Web Traffic Information General traffic, site usage, browser information, length-of-stay information, and location data, is collected and stored in log files. This type of information is collected and shared on an anonymous, aggregated basis meaning that we do not connect this information to your name or other personal information. Personal information (non-financial) We collect all or some of the following personal information in the following contexts: Account Registration: With Shor-Line’s My Account feature you will be able to create a wish list, obtain quotes, review past quotes and have access to valuable resources. To register for a Shor-Line Account, we collect the following information:  email address, name, company, profession, title, address, city, country, state, zip code and phone number. Requests: We collect information volunteered by users, including from requests via “Contact Us” and “Technical Support”.  In these areas we also collect information about products you have purchased. We also may collect email addresses of those who communicate with us via email. Financial Information When you place an order online with us, register for a conference, or pay your dues electronically, standard credit card information (card number, card type, expiration date, etc.) is collected through a third-party payer who is compliant with Payment Card Industry data security standards. The third-party payer provides us with, and we store the last four digits of your credit-card number, which is retained for purposes of issuing applicable refunds.  We may also refer you to Professional Solutions for financing options.  Please refer to the Professional Solutions privacy policy when undertaking equipment loans or other financing options. What do we do with the information we collect? We process your information for the legitimate interest of communicating with customers and other users about, and to provide access to, top-quality animal health products. Processing your information for the purposes described is necessary for us to do what we do and it’s in both of our interests.  When we use your information based on our legitimate interests, we conduct a balancing test based on the legitimate interest, necessity of processing your information, and how such processing impacts you. If you have any questions or concerns with us processing your information for this legitimate interest, please reach out to us using the Contact Us form on our homepage. We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that extends beyond what you may reasonably expect from an animal health products company and that has a more significant privacy impact. Data in aggregate: We may disclose “blinded” aggregated data and user statistics to prospective partners and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes.  Blinded data is data which does not identify an individual person. Other: We also may disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other Web site users or customers, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. We may disclose or access account information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service and improve our products and services. We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including packaging and mailing, answering customer questions about products or services, sending postal mail, and processing data.  We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose. As we continue to develop our business, we may buy or sell businesses or assets. In such transactions, confidential customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. In the event of a transaction involving the sale of some or all of Shor-Line’s businesses, customer and site visitor information may be one of the transferred assets. What are Cookies and how do we use them? As part of offering and providing customizable and personalized services, we use cookies and other online tracking technologies to store and sometimes track information about you to:
Provide you with personalized content based on your use of our website Enable you to more easily use our website by remembering and using contact information, purchasing information, and registration information Evaluate, monitor and analyze the use of our site and its traffic patterns to help improve our website and services Assist us with ad reporting functions such as to learn which ads are bringing users to our website
The types of technologies we use include: Cookies A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive.  Cookies enable us to identify your browser as a unique user.  Cookies may involve the transmission of information from us to you and from you to us.  Cookies may also be used by another party on our behalf to transfer information to us in accordance with their privacy policy.  Some cookies are “persistent cookies.”  They are used by us each time you access our Website.  Other cookies are called “session cookies.”  Session cookies are used only during a specific browsing session.  We may use a session cookie, for example, to remember that you have already navigated through a particular menu, or that you have entered in age information for a portion of a site that is restricted by age.  We may also use “analytics cookies” that allow web analytics services to recognize your browser or device and, for example, identify whether you have visited our Website before, what you have previously viewed or clicked on, and how you found us.  This information is provided anonymously for statistical analysis only.  Analytics cookies are usually persistent cookies. You may disable browser cookies in your browser or set your browser to warn you when a cookie is being sent.  You may lose some features or functionality when you disable cookies.  Remember, also, that disabling cookies is browser specific.  If you log on using Microsoft Edge, you must also disable cookies in Safari if you use that browser at a different time. Pixel tags We may also employ a software technology known as a pixel tag or Web beacon.  A pixel tag is a line of code that we place on our websites or in emails which allows us to analyze our advertising and the general usage patterns of visitors to our websites.  These help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content or promotions are effective.  Unless you consent, we do not collect personally identifiable information from you through the use of pixel tags.  You may not disable pixel tags. Indirect Collection—Social Networking The website permits you to use a third party social networking platform such as Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Twitter, and Linked-In.  This includes use of social media plugins such as Facebook “Like”, Tweet, etc.  When you use these social networking platforms and plugins, your username and password for the available service or collected from you on these services may be shared with us.. When you use social networking platforms and plugins, you share your information with them and their privacy policy applies disclosure of such information.  In addition, they may be able to collect information about you, including your activity or may notify your connections on the social networking platform about your use of the website.  Such services may allow your activity to be monitored across multiple websites for purposes of delivering more targeted advertising.  Please note that their own privacy polices apply and we encourage you to read them.  We may add new social networking plugins and buttons to our website from time to time. Indirect Collection—Analytics Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google, Inc. (“Google”). Learn more from their Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Opt-out: Download the browser plugin “Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on” here. We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website.  We do not transfer personal information to Google Analytics. We also us Hubspot to analyze the use of our website. We do not transfer personal information to Hubspot. To opt-out: The choices you have about your information If you are a registered user of Shor-Line’s website you can review, correct and change your personal information and your communication preferences by logging into the website and visiting your My Account page. You may also send us an email at privacy@shor-line.com to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. Please note, we may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. Shor-Line vendors, as described in this policy, who you engage with directly, will provide information on reviewing, correcting, or changing your personal information or communication preferences. You may have heard about “Do Not Track” (DNT), which is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers.  Our website does not support DNT. Although, we cannot speak for other third-party websites you may link to from our website. Please review their privacy policies to understand how you may be tracked. How we protect your information We have appropriate security measures in place to prevent personal information from being accidentally lost or used or accessed in an unauthorized way. We limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine business need to know it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorized manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so. How long we keep your information We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide the products or services you’ve requested of us and fulfill the purposes described in this policy. When we no longer need to use your information for the purpose we collected it and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we’ll either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we can’t identify you. Shor-Line vendors, as described in this policy, may have different retention periods for your information, which you should discuss directly with the applicable vendor. Our policy on children’s information If you are under 18 years of age, you may not purchase products or services from, and you should not provide information to, the website without the involvement of a parent or guardian. We do not collect online contact information without prior parental consent or parental notification, including an opportunity for the parent to prevent use of the information and participation in the activity. We do not knowingly solicit personal information online from, or market online to, children under the age of 13. For our friends in the EU This Privacy Policy includes information applicable to European Union (“EU”) residents or users accessing the website in the EU. If you are an EU resident, this Privacy Policy provides you with information regarding your rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). Transfer of personal data Shor-Line and our websites are based in the United States and, regardless of where you access the website, the information collected as part of that use will be transferred to and maintained on servers located in the United States. The European Commission has determined that the US lacks an adequate level of protection for personal information of EU data subjects. The Shor-Line is not currently certified under the Privacy Shield. By registering on our website,  you are consenting to the transfer of your personal data to the U.S. Although there is risk in transmitting your information to a country that does not have adequate protection, Shor-Line does take steps to secure your personal data. Your choices The GDPR provides you with certain privacy rights.  If you wish to access or update your personal information, contact us at the address or number below.  You may also request to have your information deleted, although we may retain information for backups, prevention of fraud and abuse, satisfaction of legal obligations or other ongoing legitimate interests.   You may decline to share certain personal data, in which case we may not be able to provide you with some features and benefits. Right to object If you are an EU resident , you have the right to object to our processing that is based on legitimate interests by contacting us at the address or number below. Right to Lodge a Complaint If you are an EU resident and you believe that Shor-Line has infringed your rights under the GDPR, please contact us by sending an email to privacy@shor-line.com or calling us at 800.444.1579. For our friends in California California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our website visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@shor-line.com. Please make sure to state that you are a California Resident. How we make changes to this policy We may change this policy from time to time and if we do, we’ll post any changes on this page. If you continue to use our website after those changes are in effect, you agree to the new policy. If the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice or get your consent, as required by law. Contact us If you have any questions about this policy or need to contact the Shor-Line to exercise your rights as a data subject under the GDPR, please contact the Shor-Line’s Privacy Officer at privacy@shor-line.com or call us at 800.444.1579. Updated Mar. 18, 2019.
Can’t find what you are looking for? Call Us at 1.800.444.1579
×
Already have a password?
Enter DWG Area
Sign up to view and download the files
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree