http://showbizltd.com/_sbl_pages/privacy.php
Showbiz Ltd Privacy Policy
Casting Talent Agent Production Jobs
Updated Daily
Showbiz Ltd. is committed to protecting any personal information that you may provide to us. In particular, we believe it is important for you to know how we treat information about you that we may receive from this web site.
Information Collected Use Of Collected Information
Hyperlinks To Other Web sites Security Of Collected Information Access To Collected Information Contacting Us
Changes To This Privacy Policy
Information Collected
In general, you can visit this web site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers collect the domain names, not the E-Mail addresses, of visitors. Our web servers also seek (as many web sites do) to place a "cookie" (a small data file) on your computer's hard drive, which allows the server to determine the computer when it visits again in order to track statistical information about navigation to and throughout certain areas of our web site. This cookie is not used to obtain your name or any personal data, and the information that is tracked is used only for internal purposes, such as to improve web site navigation and to measure the effectiveness of our promotional placements, and is not shared with anyone other than affiliates and contractors who assist in these efforts and are bound to confidentiality. However, if you prefer not to accept cookies, you can set your browser to reject them or to alert you before one is placed, though some functionality may be restricted as a result.
In addition, there are portions of this web site where we may need to collect personal information from you for a specific purpose, such as to provide you with certain information you request. The information collected from you may include your name, address, telephone number, fax number, or E-Mail address.
This web site is not intended for persons under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from or about children, and we do not knowingly market our products or services to children.
[top]
Use Of Collected Information
Domain name information that we collect is not used to personally identify you and instead is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the web site, pages viewed, etc. We use this information to measure the use of and improve the content of our web site.
When other information is collected from you, such as your name and E-Mail address, we generally let you know at the time of collection how we will use the personal information. Usually, we use the personal information you provide only to respond to your inquiry or to process your request. This information may be shared with affiliates, but only if necessary to fulfill your request or for related purposes.
We may share the personal information you provide with other companies we have hired to provide services for us. These companies - our vendors - are contractually bound to use personal information we share with them only to perform the services we have hired them to provide. We do not share, sell, or lease personal information about you to any third-parties for their marketing use. We will release information about you if you direct us to do so, if we are required by law to do so, or in other legally limited circumstances (for example, to protect your account from fraud).
[top]
Hyperlinks To Other Web sites
Our web site may contain hyperlinks to other web sites. While we try to hyperlink only to web sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices employed by other web sites.
[top]
Security Of Collected Information
We maintain strict physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to protect your personal information from unauthorized or inappropriate access. We restrict access to information about you to workers who need to know the information to respond to your inquiry or request. Workers who misuse personal information are subject to disciplinary action.
[top]
Access To Collected Information
You may review and update the information that you provide to us through this web site by contacting us as described below.
[top]
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please use the Contact Us page or toll free 877-570-9662. We welcome your questions and suggestions about our privacy policy. Casting Information Talent Agents Official Entertainment Contacts
[top]
Changes To This Privacy Policy
Please check this privacy policy periodically to inform yourself of any changes. Although we reserve the right to modify or supplement this privacy policy, we will provide notice to you on this web site of any major changes for at least 30 days following the change.
SHOWBIZ LTD OFFICIAL ENTERTAINMENT INDUSTRY DATABASE showbizltd, showbiz ltd, www.showbizltd.com, casting information, talent search, Entertainment Industry, agent Information, tv producer, jobs in film, model agency, acting jobs, jobs in casting, acting employment, film jobs, movie studio contact, film casting, talent information, get movie parts, showbusiness, showbiz ltd, showbizltd, learn acting, how to act, acting for camera
[top]
1996 -
SHOWBIZLTD.COM. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
TERMS OF USE     PRIVACY POLICY
The entire content of this site is copyright © ShowbizLtd.com
Any reproduction, duplication, or use without written permission from ShowbizLtd.com is strictly prohibited.
Home
Acting Agents   Child Actor Agents   Extras Acting Agents   Personal Managers   Music Agents   Producer & Director Agents   Dancer Agents   Voice Agents   Writer Agents
Baby Model Agents   Child Model Agents   Teen & Preteen Model Agents   Modeling Agents   Male Modeling Agents   Senior Modeling Agents   Plus-Size Model Agents   Petite-Size Model Agents   Parts Model Agents   Ford Models
Kits   Books & CDs   Labels & Lists   Retail Stores
Celebrity Testimonials   Free Newsletter   Frequently Asked Questions   Sitemap
Sample Resume   Sample Cover Letter / Resume   Audition Tips
Audition Casting Calls   Producers & Productions
About Us   Terms & Conditions   Privacy Policy
Order Page
Media Room