https://showplacecabinetry.com/privacy-policy
Search
Gallery
Cabinet Door Styles
Colors & Finishes
Accessories & Accents
Plan Your Project
My Favorites
What's New
About Showplace
Our Company
News and Views
Dealer Spotlight
Brands
Showplace
ShowplaceEVO
Longview by Showplace
Cabinet Refacing
Privacy Policy
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at Privacy Policy. For reference in this document, the term "Showplace websites" shall refer to any of our sites:
https://www.ShowplaceCabinetry.comhttps://www.showplacedesigncenter.com/http://www.ShowplaceWallBeds.comhttp://www.RenewCabinetRefacing.comhttp://www.RefacingAndMore.comhttp://www.ShowplaceEVO.comAt Showplace Wood Products we consider the privacy of our web visitors to be extremely important. This privacy policy document describes in detail the types of personal information that is collected and recorded by Showplace websites and how we use it.
Log Files
Like many other web sites, Showplace websites make use of log files. These files merely log visitors to the site - usually a standard procedure for hosting companies and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Showplace websites use cookies to store information about visitors' preferences, to record user-specific information on which pages the site visitor accesses or visits, and to personalize or customize our web page content based upon a visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on Showplace websites.Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our site's visitors based upon their visit to Showplace websites and other sites on the Internet.Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html AdRoll
As you browse Showplace websites, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our display advertising partner, AdRoll, then enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with Showplace websites. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number. You can visit this page to opt out of AdRoll and their partners' targeted advertising.
Our Advertising Partners
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. While each of these advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their site, an updated and hyperlinked resource is maintained here: Our advertising partners include:
Google -- Google Privacy PolicyAdRoll -- AdRoll Privacy PolicyViamedia -- Viamedia Privacy PolicyStratus Local -- Stratus Local Privacy PolicyThese third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Showplace websites and which are sent directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by our site's third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on the site.
Showplace websites do not have access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. The Showplace websites privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or websites. You may find a comprehensive listing of these privacy policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children's Information
We believe it is important to provide added protection for children online. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to observe, participate in and/or monitor and guide their online activity. Showplace websites do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian believes that any of the Showplace websites has in its database the personally-identifiable information of a child under the age of 13, please contact us immediately (using the contact in the first paragraph) and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Information Sharing
We may share information with third parties who perform services in support of our business. We may share information with vendors who build, manage, or maintain our websites or perform analytics review. We DO NOT sell or share information with third party companies unaffiliated with performing services on our behalf.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our websites and regarding information shared and/or collected there. This policy does not apply to any information collected offline or via channels other than the Showplace websites.
Consent
By using the Showplace websites, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.
Update
This Privacy Policy was last updated on: Friday, December 1st, 2020. Should we update, amend or make any changes to our privacy policy, those changes will be posted here.
Locate a Showplace dealer near you.
Leave this field blank
Sign Up for Our Newsletter
Get the latest announcements and sale information delivered right to your inbox. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Sign Up
Thank you for signing up for our newsletter!
All of the contents of this Web site are protected from copying under U.S. and international copyright laws and treatises. Any unauthorized copying, alteration, distribution, transmission, performance, display or other use of this material is prohibited.
Find out more