https://signdesignassoc.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to signdesignassoc.com and Sign Design Associates, Incorporated and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Sign Design Associates, Incorporated include signdesignassoc.com and Sign Design. The Sign Design website is a ecommerce site. By using the Sign Design website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Sign Design may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
–          Name
–          Address
–          E-mail Address
–          Phone Number
If you purchase Sign Design’s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.
Sign Design may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your:
–          Age
–          Gender
We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Sign Design. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Sign Design website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Sign Design’s public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.
Sign Design encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Sign Design so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Sign Design is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Sign Design website.
Use of your Personal Information
Sign Design collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Sign Design may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Sign Design and its affiliates. Sign Design may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Sign Design does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Sign Design may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Sign Design, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Sign Design may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Sign Design, in order to determine what Sign Design services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Sign Design to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Sign Design will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Sign Design or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Sign Design; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Sign Design, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Sign Design website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Sign Design pages, or register with Sign Design site or services, a cookie helps Sign Design to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Sign Design website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Sign Design features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Sign Design services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Sign Design secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Sign Design uses the following methods for this purpose:
–          SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
Children Under Thirteen
Sign Design does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Disconnecting your Sign Design Account from Third Party Websites
You will be able to connect your Sign Design account to third party accounts. BY CONNECTING YOUR SIGN DESIGN ACCOUNT TO YOUR THIRD PARTY ACCOUNT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE CONTINUOUS RELEASE OF INFORMATION ABOUT YOU TO OTHERS (IN ACCORDANCE WITH YOUR PRIVACY SETTINGS ON THOSE THIRD PARTY SITES). IF YOU DO NOT WANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU, INCLUDING PERSONALLY IDENTIFYING INFORMATION, TO BE SHARED INTHIS MANNER, DO NOT USE THE THIS FEATURE. You may disconnect your account from a third party account at any time. Users may learn how to disconnect their accounts from third-party websites by visiting their “My Account” page. Users may also contact us via email or telephone.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from Sign Design by contacting us here:
– Web page: https://signdesignassoc.com/opt-out-unsubscribe/
– Email: customerservice@signdesignassoc.com
– Phone: 610-791-9301
Changes to this Statement
Sign Design will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Sign Design encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Sign Design is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Sign Design welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Sign Design has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Sign Design at:
Sign Design Associates, Incorporated
510 South Fawn Street
Allentown, Pennsylvania 18103
Email Address:
customerservice@signdesignassoc.com
Telephone number:
610-791-9301
Effective as of April 25, 2017
Store Search
STORE MENU
ADA Braille
Restroom Signs
Room Signs
Directories
Exhibit & Display
Accents & Accessories
Charging Stations
Counters
Display Additions
Freestanding Tablet Stands
Funnels & Towers
Kiosks
Lighting
Literature Racks
Orbital Accessories
Sign Stands
Table Covers & Runners
Towers
Backwalls
Hopup Backwalls
Banners
Retractable Banner Stands
Telescopic Banner Stands
Spring Back Banners Stands
Vector Frame Light Boxes
Vector Frame Banners
Vector Frame Curved Banners
Vector Frame Edge Displays
Coyote Popup Displays
Coyote
Display Kits
10' x 10' Orbital Display Kits
10' x 20' Orbital Display Kits
20' x 20' Orbital Display Kits
Hercules Backwalls
Embrace Push-Fit Fabric Displays
Embrace Tabletop
Embrace Full Height
Exhibit Kits
FLIP 20' Exhibit Kits
Linear Pro Kits
Origin Video Walls & Rooms
VIBE 10' Exhibit Kits
Folding Display Panels
Horizon
Voyager
Formulate Display Kits
Formulate Master 20' Displays
Formulate 8' Displays
Formulate 10' Displays
Formulate Designer Series
Formulate Fabric Banners
Straight Displays
Curved Displays
Unique Displays
Hanging Structures
Hanging Structure Cube
Hanging Structure Designer Series
Hanging Structure Eye
Hanging Structure Four Sided Pinwheel
Hanging Structure Hexagon
Hanging Structure Pinwheel
Hanging Structure Ring
Hanging Structure Rounded Square
Hanging Structure S-Curve
Hanging Structure Shield
Hanging Structure Square
Hanging Structure Triangle
Hopup Tension Fabric Displays and Backwalls
Tabletop Hopup Displays
Full Height Hopup Displays
Backlit Hopup Displays
Hopup Dimension Kits
Hopup Counter
Hybrid Pro Modular Kits
10' x 10' Displays
10' x 20' Displays
20' x 20' Displays
Merchandise Express
10' Kits
20' Kits
Modulate
10ft Modulate Kits
Outdoor Displays
Popup Tents
Dome Tents
Flags
Outdoor Signage
Inflatable Columns
Umbrellas
Outdoor Product Accessories
SignProSystems
XClaim
XClaim Pyramid Frames
XClaim Standard Frames
XClaim Accessories
Popular Products
Vehicle Graphics
Muscle Car Graphics
Stripes
Canvas Prints
Custom Prints
Phrase Prints
Stock Prints
Stock Art
Photos
Artwork
Shopping Cart
Shopping Cart (0)
Shopping Cart
SUBTOTAL $0.00
CHECKOUT
GALLERIESInterior Signage
Modular Interior
Hospital Signage
Canvas Prints
ADA Braille
Banners
Retractable Banner Stands
Trade Show Exhibits
Retractable Banners
Orbital Express Truss System
Coyote Popup Display Systems
Digital Kiosks
Exterior Signage
Digital Exterior
HOSPITAL SIGNAGE
Post and Panel
Illuminated Main Signs
Main Identification
Stadium signage
Vehicle Signage
Vehicle Stripes
Vehicle Wraps
Autograph-X
Magnetic
Vehicle Lettering
Dimensional Signs
Events signage
Large Format Printing
LED Letters
Site Search
Search for: