https://signaturegraphicsinc.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
At Signature Graphics, we respect and value the privacy of users of our web site and want to engage with users of our web site in a fair and open manner. Therefore, we have created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy.
The Privacy Policy below discloses our practices regarding information collection and usage solely for the web site located at www.signaturegraphicsinc.com (the “Web Site”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other web sites or services, unless it appears on such web site or service.
By using or accessing the Web Site, you signify your agreement to be bound by our Privacy Policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE SERVICE.
Our Collection of Personal Information
Signature Graphics does not collect personal information about you unless you voluntarily submit that information to us, such as through our contact pages, request quote tool, by e-mail or some other means. The personal information which you may provide to us could includes your name, title, company name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address.
Our Collection of Non-Personal Information
When you visit the Web Site, we may automatically collect certain non-identifying information about you, such as the type of browser or computer operating system you use, the domain name of the web site from which you linked to us, the amount of time you spend on the Web Site or the pages on the Web Site that you view. We may also aggregate demographic information collected from our users (such as the number of users in a particular region or having particular characteristics).
Our Use of Information
We will only use your personal information as described below unless you have specifically consented to another type of use, either at the time the personal information is collected from you or through some other form of consent from you or notification to you:
We will use personal information to operate the Web Site and to provide you with any specific services that you have requested.
We may use your personal information to respond to your direct inquires.
We will use your personal information to add you to our mailing lists and to send you emails from time to time.
We may permit our vendors and subcontractors to access your personal information, but they are only permitted to do so in connection with performing services for us. They are not authorized by us to use the information for their own benefit.
We may disclose personal information as required by law or legal process.
We may disclose personal information to investigate suspected fraud, harassment or other violations of any law, rule or regulation, or the policies for the Web Site.
We may transfer your personal information in connection with the sale, merger or change of control of Signature Graphics or the division responsible for the services with which your personal information is associated.
Non-personal or aggregate information may be shared with any number of parties, provided that such information shall not directly identify you.
Cookies
We may store some information on your computer’s hard drive as a “cookie” or similar type of file (such as clear gifs, web beacons, tags, etc…). We use this information internally, to help us enhance the efficiency and usefulness of the Web Site and to improve customer service. “Cookies” are pieces of information that may be placed on your computer by a web site for the purpose of facilitating and enhancing your communication and interaction with that web site. We may also use and place cookies on your computer from our third party service providers in connection with the Web Site, such as an analytics provider that helps us manage and analyze Web Site usage. We may use cookies to customize your visit to the Web Site and for other purposes to make your visit more convenient or to enable us to enhance our service. You may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer or flush them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences, in which case you may still use our Web Site, but it may interfere with some of its functionality. Cookies and similar items are not used by us to automatically retrieve personal information from your computer without your knowledge.
Data Security
The security of your information is very important to us. We attempt to provide for the secure storage of your information by utilizing generally accepted industry practices. However, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and Signature Graphics or information stored on the Web Site or our servers will be free from unauthorized access by third parties such as hackers and your use of the Web Site demonstrates your assumption of this risk. We have put in place reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. Only those personnel who need access to your information in order to perform their duties are authorized to have access to your personal information.
Non-Signature Graphics Web Sites
[As a convenience to you, we may provide links to third party web sites from within the Web Site, including pulling content in from feeds such as Twitter or LinkedIn.] We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third party web sites, and by providing a link we are not endorsing or promoting such third party web sites. When you link away from our Web Site, you do so at your own risk. We encourage you to read the policies and terms of every web site you visit.
Communications With Signature Graphics
By providing your email address to us, you expressly consent to receive emails from us. We may use email to communicate with you, to send information that you have requested or to send information about other services provided by us, provided that, we will not give your email address to another party to promote their products or services directly to you without your consent or as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Protection for Children and Minors
This Web Site is not intended for, and we have no intention of collecting personal information from persons under the age of 13. If a person under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, we will use all reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database. If you are under the age of 13, you are not authorized to access or submit any content or information to this Web Site.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this Privacy Policy at any time. However, if at any time in the future we plan to use personal information in a way that materially differs from this Privacy Policy, including sharing such information with more third parties, we will inform you of such changes and provide you the opportunity to opt-out of such differing uses. Your continued use of the Web Site following the posting of any changes to this policy means you accept such changes.
Opt-Out Process
To opt-out of any future promotional messages from us, you should send an unsubscribe request to us at marketing@signaturegraph.com. We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt. However, we are not responsible for removing your personal information from the lists of any third party who has previously been provided with your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy or your consent.
United States Of America
Our Web Site is maintained in the United States of America. By using the Web Site, you freely and specifically give us your consent to export your personal information to the USA and to store and use it in the USA as specified in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy and our legal obligations hereunder are subject to the laws of New York, U.S.A., regardless of your location. You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of and venue in the federal and state courts located in New York County, New York, U.S.A. in all disputes arising out of or relating to the Web Site.
Contact Us
For questions or concerns relating to this Privacy Policy or your information, we can be contacted at: info@signaturegraph.com.
Effective Date
This Privacy Policy was last updated on January 25, 2013.
Search
Customer Tools
Client Tools
oFile Upload
qLog In
Start New Project
Start New Project
bRequest Quote
?FAQs
mContact Us
(Planning Kit
Need Further Assistance?
Need further assistance?
c1-800-356-3235
mHow Can We Help?
Featured Work
Our Work
see our portfolio
From Our Clients
From Our Clients
We have used Signature Graphics for many years… They produced the graphics that won us the truck graphics award from HVACR Business Magazine!
President
Frymire Services, Inc.
Especially noteworthy is the creative way in which you addressed our 90th Anniversary announcement this year.
… our trucks present a very professional, well thought out image that required no down time for re-identification.
Corporate Merchandising Manager
Pollock Paper Distributors
Type and Press “enter” to Search