https://silviosfarm.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Privacy Policy
Silvio’s Farm is committed to keeping the personal information of its customers accurate, confidential, secure and private.  Our Privacy Policy describes the principles by which Silvio’s Farm protects the privacy of personal information in its possession.
Information
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?We do not collect information from visitors of our site or users of our apps.
When do we collect information?We collect information from you when you register on our site or enter information on our site.We may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
Any Information about your use of this website.
Any Information that you provide using for the purpose of registering with the website.
Any Information about transactions carried out over this website.
Any Information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services.
Any other information that you send to our website.
How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To personalize user’s experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.      • To improve our website in order to better serve you.      • To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.      • To quickly process your transactions.      • To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.      • To send you products that you have purchased..      • To send you your statements and invoices.      • To send you marketing materials.
When we discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement. In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, we may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
How do we protect visitor information?Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. We use regular Malware Scanning. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order to maintain the safety of your personal information.  All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Stripe Payment Gateway!Silviosfarm.com uses Stripe Secure Encrypted Payment Gateway for all Payment transactions.Why Did We Chose Stripe?Stripe is a well established secure company that already powers the world’s largest companies including Amazon, Google, Microsoft, Expedia, Uber, Lyft and Nasdaq. Credit Card Details!We do not collect any Credit Card details on our site. All transaction information is sent securely to Stripe’s servers.
When making a purchase in our store, you will see a check box asking you if you want to save your credit card details. If this box is selected your credit card information will be securely encrypted and saved on Stripe’s servers for future purchases by you. Silviosfarm.com does not have access to any of your credit card details.
Do we use ‘cookies’?We do not use cookies for tracking purposes. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
Third-party disclosureWe do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Third-party linksOccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
GoogleGoogle’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
Cross Border Information TransferInformation that we collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy. In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world. You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Fair Information PracticesThe Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.We collect your email address in order to:To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the followingOther websites linksThis website contains links to other websites. Silviosfarm.com (Silvio Mattacchione & Co.) is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Updating this policy statementWe may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Contacting UsIf at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us atwe will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
SilviosFarm.comsilvio@silviosfarm.comLast edited on 2020-1-11
(1) 905 985 3555
ssles@silviosfarm.com
1251 Scugog Line 8, RR#1 Port Perry, ON L9L-1B2
Silvio Mattacchione & Peter G. have been Publishing and Graphics Designing together for over 30 Years