https://simaudio.com/en/privacy-policy/
Loading...
All products
All products
New
All-in-One
Network Player / DAC
Integrated Amplifiers
Power Amplifiers
Preamplifiers
Headphone Amplifiers
Phono Preamplifiers
Power Supply
CD Player
Accessories
Get support
Product registration
Guides & Downloads
Warranty
Servicing
Contact Us
Stores
News
EnglishFrançaisPolskiEspañolDeutsch
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
Your privacy is very important to us. Simaudio Ltd (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the simaudio.com website (the “Service”). We are committed to upholding your right to privacy in accordance with the laws of Quebec and Canada respecting the protection of personal information. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. We use your data to provide and improve the Service to you. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. This Privacy Policy for Simaudio Ltd has been powered by privacypolicies.com.
2. Types of Data Collected
2.1. Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
2.2. Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
2.3. Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information. Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
3. Use of Data
Simaudio Ltd uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service;
To notify you about changes to our Service;
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so;
To provide customer care and support;
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service;
To monitor the usage of the Service;
To detect, prevent and address technical issues.
4. Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Canada and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including personal data, to Canada and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Simaudio Ltd will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
5. Disclosure of Data
Legal Requirements
Simaudio Ltd may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation;
To protect and defend the rights or property of Simaudio Ltd;
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service;
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public;
To protect against legal liability.
6. Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
7. Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. We may use Google Analytics to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page.
8. Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
9. Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
10. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
11. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: info@simaudio.com
By visiting this page on our website
Subscribe to the newsletterReceive our exclusive offers and latest musical trends.
Please leave this field empty.
We use cookies to improve your experience on this website. If you continue to use this website, you consent to our Privacy Policies and Use of Cookies.
×New productsAll productsAll products40th Anniversary Limited Edition680D
Streaming DAC390
Network Player / Preamplifier860A v2
Power Amplifier700i v2
Integrated AmplifierAll-in-One40th Anniversary Limited EditionACENetwork Player / DAC780D v2680D650D390280D 260D MiND 2 TechnologyMiND 2Integrated Amplifiers700i v2600i v2340i X250i240iPower Amplifiers888860A v2760A400M330APreamplifiers850P740P390Headphone Amplifiers430HA230HADPower Supply820SPhono Preamplifiers810LP610LP310LP110LP v2CD Player650D260D AccessoriesXLR-DC-FilterXLR Bridge Bridging Adaptor CableRCA-DC-FilterFRM-3 Backlit System Remote ControlFlat Cones (Kit)CRM-3 System Remote ControlBridges (Silver)Bridges (Black)