https://simolex.com/privacy-policy/
MenuProductsFAQContact us
Opening Houres
Mon to Fri :	8AM–5PM
Saturday:Sunday
Closed
"SIMOLEX...WE ARE FLEXIBLE LIKE RUBBER!" ®
14505 Keel Street, Plymouth, MI 48170
Phone:
(734) 453-4500
Fax: (734) 453-6120
MenuHomeProductsFace Mask GasketServicesContact us
HomeProductsFace Mask GasketServicesContact us
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Simolex Rubber Corporation collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the https://simolex.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Simolex Rubber Corporation.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, place an order, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Simolex Rubber Corporation may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To improve customer serviceInformation you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
– To personalize user experienceWe may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
– To improve our SiteWe may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
– To process paymentsWe may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
– To send periodic emailsWe may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
Simolex Rubber Corporation has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:Simolex Rubber Corporationhttps://simolex.comAddress: 14505 Keel Street, Plymouth, MI 48170Phone : (734) 404 – 8728Email : info@simolex.com
This document was last updated on October 15, 2014
Important Links : - Frequently asked questions
- Request a quote
- Markets we serve
- Silicone product tolerance chart
- Email Policy of Simolex
- O-Ring Length Calculator
Scan below QR code to visit our website from your mobile device !
We accept all major credit cards
Our Location :
Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Disclaimer | Sitemap
Copyright © 2020. Simolex Rubber Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
All pictures and content is property of Simolex Rubber Corporation. Do not use or publish it without written permission from Simolex Rubber Corporation.