https://sindicatum.com/privacy/
About Us
At a Glance
Sustainability
Partnerships
Awards
FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Team
Board of Directors
Senior Management
Advisory Council
Solar
Wind
Waste to Energy
Bagasse Cogen
SSR
Blockchain
Blog
Newsroom
Contacts
Privacy Notice
This is the privacy notice of Sindicatum which we may update from time to time. Provision of personal data is not required to browse our website.
How we handle your personal data
We may collect, use and/or disclose personal data from you in the ordinary course of business, this information is usually collected when you contact us.
Where you have requested to be on our mailing list to receive Sindicatum’s complimentary electronic publications (including bulletins, updates, alerts and announcements) via our website or otherwise, we will use your personal data to send such publications to you. But should you, for whatever reason, decide that you no longer wish to receive publications from us, you will be able to “unsubscribe” and we will process the request accordingly.
Where you provide us with any personal data of any third-party, you confirm that you have obtained all necessary consents to do so, and that we may collect, use and disclose such personal data for the purposes set out above, in accordance with the Singapore Personal Data Protection Act 2012.
Cookies on this website
We use third-party cookies on this website, such as Google Analytics, Twitter and LiveFyre Account. These third-party cookies are not under our control. By accessing our website, you agree that we can place cookies onto your device.
IP addresses
When you visit our website, our server will record your IP address together with the date, time and duration of your visit. An IP address is an assigned number, similar to a telephone number, which allows your device to communicate over the Internet. It enables us to identify which organisations have visited this website. We use this information to compile statistical data on the use of our website to track how users navigate through our site. We do this so we can evaluate and improve our site.
Security
As required under the Singapore Personal Data Protection Act 2012, we will take reasonable care to protect your personal data from unauthorised access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorised modification, unlawful destruction or accidental loss.
How to access and correct your personal data
If you would like to receive information about the personal data we have in relation to you, to update or correct such personal data or to withdraw any consent you have provided to us previously, please contact our Data Protection Officer by email at dpo@sindicatum.com.
Contact information
If you have any enquiries, comments or suggestions about our collection or use of your personal data or this statement, we would be pleased to receive them if you contact our Data Protection Officer at:
80 Anson Road
#28-02 Fuji Xerox Towers
Singapore 079907
E: dpo@sindicatum.com
This site uses cookies. View our privacy policyOkay, thanks