http://singloghomes.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
We collect personal information
from our visitors on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include name,
title, company, address, phone number, email address, and other relevant data.
Questions or comments submitted by visitors may also include personal
information. We do not require personal information to obtain access to most of
our site. We do, however, require it to download product information, order
products and take advantage of certain other features of our site.
We use the information that
visitors provide for such purposes as processing and responding to requests, improving our operations, and communicating with visitors about our products, services and businesses. Subsidiaries and external service providers participate in some of these activities, but we do not sell or rent personal
information to unrelated businesses for direct marketing purposes. Also, as our
business evolves we may transfer or acquire businesses and related assets, and
we may transfer information about customers and site visitors in connection with such transactions.
Our web server also
automatically collects non-personally-identifiable information such as the
domain name of the site providing the visitor with Internet access, but not the
visitor’s user name. Other examples of information collected by our server
include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect the visitor’s
computer to the Internet, the visitor’s browser type and version, operating
system and platform, the average time spent on our site, pages viewed,
information searched for, access times and other relevant statistics. We use
this information in the aggregate to measure the use of our site and to
administer and improve our site.
To the extent required or
permitted by law, we may also collect, use and disclose personal information in
connection with security related or law enforcement investigations or in the
course of cooperating with authorities or complying with legal requirements.
We take commercially reasonable
precautions to keep all information obtained from our online visitors secure
against unauthorized access and use and we periodically review our security
measures.
Our site contains links to other
web sites. These sites are not covered by this privacy statement, and we are
not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other sites.
We reserve the right to modify
this privacy statement and related business practices at any time by posting
updated text on this site.
Search for:
Search
CREATOR: gd-jpeg v1.0 (using IJG JPEG v62), quality = 82
Recent Posts
Contact Sing Log Homes
Sing Log Homes Links
Sing Log Homes FAQ Frequently Asked Questions
Professor Miller Testimonial
Testimonials
Recent CommentsA WordPress Commenter on Hello world!Archives
July 2018
September 2016
Categories
Sing Log Homes
Uncategorized
Meta
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org