https://sinklegs.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Palmer Privacy Policy and User Terms & Conditions
Home / Privacy Policy and User Terms & Conditions
Palmer Privacy Policy and User Terms & Conditions
Palmer Industries Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to sinklegs.com and Palmer Industries, Inc. and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Palmer Industries, Inc. include sinklegs.com and Palmer. The Palmer website is a product information and eCommerce site. By using the Palmer website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, Palmer may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:- First and Last Name
– Mailing Address
– E-mail Address
– Phone Number
– Employer
If you purchase Palmer’s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Palmer’s public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of your Personal Information
Palmer collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.Palmer may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Palmer and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Palmer does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.Palmer may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is transferred to the third party. Palmer may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Palmer, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.Palmer may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Palmer or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Palmer; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Palmer, or the public.
Tracking User Behavior
Palmer may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Palmer, in order to determine what Palmer services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Palmer to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Palmer. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Palmer website.
Security of your Personal Information
Palmer secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Palmer uses the following methods for this purpose:- SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under Thirteen
Palmer does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe from Third Party Communications
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from third-party partners of Palmer by contacting us here:- Email: opt-out@sinklegs.com
– Phone: 401-421-1370
E-mail Communications
From time to time, Palmer may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from Palmer or click on a link therein.If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Palmer, you may opt out of such communications by unsubscribe@sinklegs.com.
External Data Storage Sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Changes to this Statement
Palmer reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
Palmer welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Palmer has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Palmer at:
Palmer Industries, Inc.
862R Charles Street – Suite A
North Providence, Rhode Island 02904
Email Address:
morgan@palmerindustries.com
Telephone number:
800-398-9676Effective as of June 08, 2018
user Terms & Conditions
Agreement between User and sinklegs.com
Welcome to sinklegs.com. The sinklegs.com website (the “Site”) is comprised of various web
pages operated by Palmer Industries, Inc. (“Palmer”). sinklegs.com is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein (the”Terms”). Your use of sinklegs.com constitutes your agreement to all such Terms. Please read these terms carefully, and keep a copy of them for your reference.sinklegs.com is an E-Commerce Site.This website primarily provides information, both text and images, promoting the sale of products manufactured by Palmer Industries. These products are sold exclusively through a national network of authorized dealers, mostly plumbing showrooms, with a few exceptions. This website incorporates a limited eCommerce “store” that sells cleaning supplies and finish sample chips. This eCommerce feature uses “accounts” requiring user names and passwords. This site incorporates blog and newsletter features. Our dealers are provided with a general password to access some features of this website.
Privacy
Your use of sinklegs.com is subject to Palmer’s Privacy Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs the Site and informs users of our data collection practices.
Electronic Communications
Visiting sinklegs.com or sending emails to Palmer constitutes electronic communications. You consent to receive electronic communications and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically, via email and on the Site, satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Your Account
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. You may not assign or otherwise transfer your account to any other person or entity. You acknowledge that Palmer is not responsible for third party access to your account that results from theft or misappropriation of your account. Palmer and its associates reserve the right to refuse or cancel service, terminate accounts, or remove or edit content in our sole discretion.
Children Under Thirteen
Palmer does not knowingly collect, either online or offline, personal information from persons under the age of thirteen. If you are under 18, you may use sinklegs.com only with permission of a parent or guardian.
Links to Third Party Sites/Third Party Services
sinklegs.com may contain links to other websites (“Linked Sites”). The Linked Sites are not under the control of Palmer and Palmer is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. Palmer is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Palmer of the site or any association with its operators.Certain services made available via sinklegs.com are delivered by third party sites and organizations. By using any product, service or functionality originating from the sinklegs.com domain, you hereby acknowledge and consent that Palmer may share such information and data with any third party with whom Palmer has a contractual relationship to provide the requested product, service or functionality on behalf of sinklegs.com users and customers.
No Unlawful or Prohibited Use/Intellectual Property
You are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to access and use sinklegs.com strictly in accordance with these terms of use. As a condition of your use of the Site, you warrant to Palmer that you will not use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms. You may not use the Site in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Site or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Site. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Site.All content included as part of the Service, such as text, graphics, logos, images, as well as the compilation thereof, and any software used on the Site, is the property of Palmer or its suppliers and protected by copyright and other laws that protect intellectual property and proprietary rights. You agree to observe and abide by all copyright and other proprietary notices, legends or other restrictions contained in any such content and will not make any changes thereto.
You will not modify, publish, transmit, reverse engineer, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit any of the content, in whole or in part, found on the Site. Palmer content is not for resale. Your use of the Site does not entitle you to make any unauthorized use of any protected content, and in particular you will not delete or alter any proprietary rights or attribution notices in any content. You will use protected content solely for your personal use, and will make no other use of the content without the express written permission of Palmer and the copyright owner. You agree that you do not acquire any ownership rights in any protected content. We do not grant you any licenses, express or implied, to the intellectual property of Palmer or our licensors except as expressly authorized by these Terms.
Use of Communication Services
The Site may contain bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, “Communication Services”). You agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service.By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not: defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others; publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information; upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents; upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another’s computer; advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages; conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters; download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner; falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded; restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services; violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service; harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent; violate any applicable laws or regulations.Palmer has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, Palmer reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion.Palmer reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever. Palmer reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in Palmer’s sole discretion.
Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your children in any Communication Service. Palmer does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, Palmer specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Communication Service. Managers and hosts are not authorized Palmer spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of Palmer.
Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you upload the materials.
Materials Provided to sinklegs.com or Posted on Any Palmer Web Page
Palmer does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to sinklegs.com (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any Palmer Site or our associated services (collectively “Submissions”). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you are granting Palmer, our affiliated companies and necessary sublicensees permission to use your Submission in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submission; and to publish your name in connection with your Submission.No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein. Palmer is under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and may remove any Submission at any time in Palmer’s sole discretion. By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submission as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions.
International Users
The Service is controlled, operated and administered by Palmer from our offices within the USA. If you access the Service from a location outside the USA, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws. You agree that you will not use the Palmer Content accessed through sinklegs.com in any country or in any manner prohibited by any applicable laws, restrictions or regulations.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Palmer, its officers, directors, employees, agents and third parties, for any losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees) relating to or arising out of your use of or inability to use the Site or services, any user postings made by you, your violation of any terms of this Agreement or your violation of any rights of a third party, or your violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations. Palmer reserves the right, at its own cost, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with Palmer in asserting any available defenses.
Arbitration
In the event the parties are not able to resolve any dispute between them arising out of or concerning these Terms and Conditions, or any provisions hereof, whether in contract, tort, or otherwise at law or in equity for damages or any other relief, then such dispute shall be resolved only by final and binding arbitration pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, conducted by a single neutral arbitrator and administered by the American Arbitration Association, or a similar arbitrationservice selected by the parties, in a location mutually agreed upon by the parties. The arbitrator’s award shall be final, and judgment may be entered upon it in any court having jurisdiction. In the event that any legal or equitable action, proceeding or arbitration arises out of or concerns these Terms and Conditions, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its costs and reasonable attorney’s fees. The parties agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims in regards to these Terms and Conditions or any disputes arising as a result of these Terms and Conditions, whether directly or indirectly, including Tort claims that are a result of these Terms and Conditions. The parties agree that the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision. The entire dispute, including the scope and enforceability of this arbitration provision shall be determined by the Arbitrator. This arbitration provision shall survive the termination of these Terms and Conditions.
Class Action Waiver
Any arbitration under these Terms and Conditions will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class/representative collective actions are not permitted. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT A PARTY MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN EACH’S INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PUTATIVE CLASS, COLLECTIVE AND/ OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING, SUCH AS IN THE FORM OF A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION AGAINST THE OTHER. Further, unless both you and Palmer agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.
Liability Disclaimer
THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES INCLUDED IN OR AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. CHANGES ARE PERIODICALLY ADDED TO THE INFORMATION HEREIN. PALMER INDUSTRIES, INC. AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES IN THE SITE AT ANY TIME. PALMER INDUSTRIES, INC. AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SUITABILITY, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, TIMELINESS, AND ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS CONTAINED ON THE SITE FOR ANY PURPOSE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND. PALMER INDUSTRIES, INC. AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THIS INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL PALMER INDUSTRIES, INC. AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE, WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR RELATED SERVICES, THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE, OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE SITE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF PALMER INDUSTRIES, INC. OR ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE SITE, OR WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS OF USE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SITE.
Termination/Access Restriction
Palmer reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Site and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice. To the maximum extent permitted by law, this agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Rhode Island and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in Rhode Island in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the Site. Use of the Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these Terms, including, without limitation, this section.You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Palmer as a result of this agreement or use of the Site. Palmer’s performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of Palmer’s right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Site or information provided to or gathered by Palmer with respect to such use. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect.
Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the use and Palmer with respect to the Site and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and Palmer with respect to the Site. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. It is the express wish to the parties that this agreement and all related documents be written in English.
Changes to Terms
Palmer reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change the Terms under which sinklegs.com is offered. The most current version of the Terms will supersede all previous versions. Palmer encourages you to periodically review the Terms to stay informed of our updates.
Contact Us
Palmer welcomes your questions or comments regarding the Terms:Palmer Industries, Inc.
862R Charles Street
North Providence, Rhode Island 02904
Email Address:
webmaster@palmerindustries.com
Telephone number:
800-398-9676
Effective as of June 11, 2018
This is a RocketLawyer.com document.
Please Select Your Style to Request an
Estimate
for your Edge Shelving System
STUDIO Style- Edge Tubular Shelving
BALL Style- Edge Tubular Shelving
METRO Style- Edge Tubular Shelving
SPLIT-COLLAR Style- Edge Tubular Shelving
RACK Style- Edge Tubular Shelving