https://situ.nyc/privacy-policy
Privacy NoticePrivacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.situ.nyc. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
- What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.- What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.- The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.- How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us, or to contact you with news, invitations or changes to this privacy policy. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization.
Your Access To and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website to:
- See what data we have about you, if any.- Change/correct any data we have about you.- Have us delete any data we have about you.- Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
We also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (718) 237-5795 or via email.