https://skinforlife.com/meet-the-president/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
The following Terms and Conditions apply to the use of this Web site as well as all transactions conducted through the site.
Legal Notice
Disclaimers: In some states, only medical professionals are allowed to perform procedures. Each state has specific governing rules and it is your responsibility to contact the proper governing body for approval before using any of the featured equipment. Equipment, supplies and/or skincare may be subject to enhancement, modification or substitution without notice. Product photos are for representation purposes only and may not be an exact match of the product offered for sale… please rely on the product description details when ordering. *PRICES ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE*
Privacy Policy
www.skinforlife.com Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
We may, from time to time, offer surveys, contests, free samples, or other promotions on our Websites or through social media (collectively “Our Promotions”). Participation in our Promotions is completely voluntary. Information requested for entry may include personal contact information like your name, address, date of birth, phone number, email address, username, and similar details. We use the information you provide to administer Our Promotions. We also may, unless prohibited by the Promotion’s rules or law, use the information provided to communicate with you about our Services, periodically contacting you with special offers, updated information, new services or product launches and other special offers. We may invite you to trade shows via our newsletter and offer you the chance to benefit – for example – from free or reduced prices event tickets. Please rest assured that the data you submit is securely stored and treated in strict confidence. You can stop receiving our promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in every newsletter email we may send.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize user’s experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. We use regular Malware Scanning. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order to maintain the safety of your personal information. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled It won’t affect the users experience that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Remarketing with Google AdSense
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Demographics and Interests Reporting
DoubleClick Platform Integration
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page.  Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously. Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website. Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’, and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Users are able to change their personal information:
By emailing us
By calling us
By logging in to their account
By chatting with us or sending us a ticket
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
It’s also important to note that we do not allow third party behavioral tracking.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online. We do not specifically market to children under 18.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email
Within 7 business days
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at sales@skinforlife.com and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Skin for Life – www.skinforlife.com
15241 Telcom Drive
Brooksville, Florida 34604
United States
sales@skinforlife.com
866-312-7546
Shipping & Delivery
Skin for Life ships merchandise worldwide. The risk of loss and title for all merchandise pass to you when the merchandise is delivered to the shipping carrier.
Shipping:
Standard ground delivery is generally used unless you specify an expedited service, such as Next Day Air or Second Day Air via USPS, Federal Express, UPS or DHL. Shipments via truck will normally be made for packages weighing over 50 pounds, over-sized packages, and delicate items requiring special handling. Unless otherwise indicated, prices shown are F.O.B. point-of-origin, which is usually the manufacturer or our warehouse. For oversized packages among other conditions, a handling fee may be added to your invoice. The shipping and any applicable handling charges will be identified separately on your order.
Truck Deliveries:
Certain items will be shipped via truck. The carrier is responsible for “tailgate delivery” only, meaning that drivers are only required to bring merchandise to the tailgate of their vehicle. It is the customer’s responsibility to move merchandise inside of the location. If you do not have the facilities or personnel to unload truck delivered items, please advise us so that we can make the required arrangements. Products such as examination tables that weigh over 200 pounds will often require additional delivery services, such as lift-gate and inside delivery.
Incomplete or Damaged Orders:
Upon receipt of your order please inspect and count your packages. Have the delivery person note and sign for shortages or damage to the outer container on all copies of the delivery receipt. Do not refuse the shipment unless visible damage appears to be extensive. Open all of the containers before moving the merchandise and check for damage to the goods. Should there be damage or shortages, immediately call us at 866.312.7546. Hold on to shipping containers and packaging materials. Do not return the merchandise. We will assist you in arranging an inspection and filing a claim with the carrier.
Canada Shipping Policy:
We offer United States Postal Service (USPS) for shipments to Canada. Shipping to Canada via United States Postal Service (USPS) Priority Mail International means your package will be transferred to Canada Post when it reaches the border for delivery to you. When you process an order in our web store, you will be charged for the merchandise cost & freight charges only.
Please note that Canada Post will collect from you at the time of delivery on a C.O.D. basis all duties imposed by Canada Border Services Agency, any additional processing / handling charges and all applicable goods and services tax (GST) or harmonized sales tax (HST), and provincial sales tax (PST). You should also note that only very limited package tracking is available for this class of service, and that it can be slow, typically taking between 7 – 10 working days from the date of shipment to arrive, and sometimes longer (there is no guarantee).
Duties, taxes and additional processing and handling charges will be collected from you by the carrier at the time of delivery on a C.O.D. basis – they will be extra and above what we charge you for your order, and in many cases can be quite expensive. We do not know at the time of order how much those additional processing and handling charges, taxes and/or duties will cost. Skin for Life is not accountable for any of these charges, taxes or duties; they are solely your responsibility and acceptance of this is implied when you place an order with us. If for any reason those charges are not paid by you when you receive the order, we will bill back those charges back to you using the same method of payment with which your original order was paid. Furthermore, if you refuse delivery of the package on the grounds that the C.O.D. charges are too expensive, we will issue a refund for the returned products upon receipt at our warehouse equal to their cost, but will not issue a refund of your shipping and handling charges.
International
Customs and import duties may be applied to International orders when the shipment reaches its destination. Such charges are the responsibility of the recipient of your order and vary from country to country. Contact your local customs office for details.
Shipping laws are different in each country. It is your responsibility to check with your Customs office to verify whether the country to which you are shipping permits the shipment of your products. Skin for Life is not responsible for any direct, indirect, punitive, or consequential damages that arise from improper international shipping practices.
Sales Tax
Skin for Life charges sales tax for merchandise ordered on this Web site based on the applicable state sales tax rate and the location to which the order is being shipped.
Canada:
When you process an order in our web store, you will be charged for the merchandise cost & freight charges only. Please note that Canada Post will collect from you at the time of delivery on a C.O.D. basis all duties imposed by Canada Border Services Agency, any additional processing / handling charges and all applicable goods and services tax (GST) or harmonized sales tax (HST), and provincial sales tax (PST). Skin for Life is not accountable for any of these charges, taxes or duties; they are solely your responsibility and acceptance of this is implied when you place an order with us.
Warranties
Please take time to read the General Operational Guide included in your shipment to review the proper installation and operating procedures.
Warranty Agreement:
Merchandise manufactured by Skin for Life is warranted to be free of defects in workmanship and material which occur during the two years from the date of purchase (Initial User Only – non transferable) for the following equipment MADE IN USA:
2-Year Warranty Equipment
Nue Skin Microdermabrasion machines
Nue Fusion Microcurrent machines
Ultra Skin Scrubber Machine
Nue Skin Oxygen Infusion Equipment
Skin for Life 10 in 1 Multi-Functional Facial Head Unit and Trolley
1-Year Warranty Equipment
Portable Oxygen Infusion Equipment
LED Light Therapy
Hot Towel Cabby
Steamers
Magnifying Lamps
90-Days Warranty Machine Accessories – Replacement Accessories – All Wear and Tear Items
*Failure to comply with recommended operating procedures may void warranty agreement*
Responsibility of Original Purchaser
Retain Original Sales Receipt.
Keep Packaging (Box and Packing Material) for at least 1-year.
If unit requires off-site service, contact Skin for Life’s authorized warranty service and technical center 866.312.7546.
If equipment is brought back to SFL under warranty and it is determined that the lack of routine maintenance as outlined in the Operating Manual is the reason why the equipment is compromised, the customer will incur freight, repair cost and charges for any parts that are required.
This Warranty Does Not Cover
Merchandise sold as reconditioned, floor models and/or display models.
Damaged or incomplete equipment is sold as is.
Merchandise used as “Rental” equipment.
Merchandise that has become inoperative because of misuse, improper and/or unauthorized repair or alterations; or failure to operate product in accordance with the instructions provided in the “General Operating Manual” and reiterated in the “Mandatory” training received onsite or by webinar.
Repair and transportation costs if equipment is determined not to be defective.
Any incidental, indirect, or consequential loss, damage or expense that may result from any defect, failure or malfunction of the products.
Skin for Life Return Policy
All returns and/or credits are subject to approval by Skin for Life and MUST be made within 30 days of the original sale.
If merchandise is returned after 30 days or without proper authorization then it is Skin for Life’s prerogative to charge a 25% restocking fee.
Customers incur all “Shipping Cost” for the return of equipment, supplies, and/or skin care to Skin for Life.
Everything must be returned in excellent condition in original “New” condition.
All accessories must be returned with equipment.
Once received, Skin for Life will evaluate the equipment and accessories. Once confirmed, credit will be refunded to customer. Credit Memo will be emailed to customer for confirmation of the refunded funds.
Warranty and Return Policy
Upon receiving you order please unwrap the package and inspect your merchandise.
Notify Skin for Life immediately at 866.312.7546 if there is any damage.
Please take time to read the General Operational Guide included in your shipment to review the proper installation and operating procedures.
EQUIPMENT RETURN POLICY
All returns or credits are subject to approval by Skin for Life and must be made within 30 days of the original sale. All returns, regardless of the return reason are subject to a handling/restocking fee of up to 20% of the item price. Custom orders are non-returnable. The merchandise must be in original carton box with all original packing, instruction manual, training materials and accessories. All defective merchandise must be reported to Skin for Life within 7 – 30 days from the date of delivery. Skin for Life will inspect all claims made under the Limited Warranty to determine the applicability of the Limited Warranty to the claim. Keep the original carton with all original packing, and all accessories. At that time Skin for Life will contact you regarding the return of the merchandise. Returns are subject to inspection to determine the condition of products prior to issuance of credit. A $20 per item inspection fee will be charged on all return merchandise that is found to be in an abused or unsanitary state. Credit will not be given for items damaged due to improper packaging or shipping damage. Freight/Shipping charges associated with the returned merchandise from the original order will not be credited. Freight for returned merchandise must be shipped prepaid freight. (Collect shipments will be rejected). In order to expedite your request to return merchandise the following information should be available: Reason for return, Model Number, Serial Number, Customer/Company Name and Invoice Number. Upon authorization of the return, please ship your items back to Skin for Life at the address specified.
SKIN CARE PRODUCT RETURN POLICY:
No returns will be accepted unless pre-authorized by Skin for Life. Products may only be exchanged within 30-days of the invoice date. There will be a 25% restocking fee applied for these exchanges. Custom orders are non-refundable. You should expect to receive your refund within four weeks of giving your package to the return shipper, however, in many cases you will receive a refund more quickly. This time period includes the transit time for us to receive your return from the shipper (5 to 10 business days), the time it takes us to process your return once we receive it (3 to 5 business days), and the time it takes your bank to process our refund request (5 to 10 business days).
In order to expedite your request to return merchandise please have the following information available:
Reason for return
Customer/Company Name
Invoice Number
Upon authorization of the return, please ship your items back to Skin for Life at 15241 Telcom Drive, Brooksville, FL 34604.
Returns are subject to inspection to determine the condition of products prior to issuance of credit. A $20 per item inspection fee will be charged on all return merchandise that is found to be in an abused or unsanitary state. Credit will not be given for items damaged due to improper packaging or shipping damage. Freight / Shipping charges associated with the returned merchandise from the original order will not be credited. Freight for returned merchandise must be shipped prepaid freight. (Collect shipments will be rejected).
Training Support
Training is mandatory to avoid improper use of equipment and to avoid compromising your warranty. Schedule with our Education Director for a one on one webinar training or schedule an onsite training with your local representative where available.
Web Site Support
Please visit our Video Training Library to review Equipment Training Videos for troubleshooting information. Skin for Life service, education, and customer service may be contacted by calling 866.312.7546.
Miscellaneous
VOID WHERE PROHIBITED: Although the information on this Web site is accessible worldwide, not all products or services discussed in this Web site are available to all persons or in all geographic locations or jurisdictions. Skin for Life and the advertisers each reserve the right to limit the provision of their products or services to any person, geographic area, or jurisdiction they so desire and to limit the quantities of any products or services that they provide. Any offer for any product or service made in the materials on this Web site is void where prohibited.
GOVERNING LAW: In the event of litigation both parties agree that the Law of the State of business registration of Skin for Life shall apply and both parties shall consent to the jurisdiction of said State’s courts, or in the event of diversity of citizenship, the United States District Court for the (District).