https://sleepsense.com/legal/
LegalHome Legal
Site Disclaimer
IMPORTANT NOTICES
Website Terms of Use
Please read carefully before accessing this website.
This website is provided by SLP, Inc., as a general information service. By accessing, browsing, copying, and/or using any information contained at this website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions described herein.
SLP, Inc. maintains this website in exchange for accessing, browsing and/or using the website, you agree to be bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. SLP, Inc. makes no representation that the content is without error or misstatements. SLP, Inc. will make reasonable efforts to correct any errors contained herein and reserves the right to change the content of the website at any time.
Copyright Notice
The content of this website is owned and copyrighted by SLP, Inc. Copyright © 2005 by SLP, Inc. As such, none of the material may be copied, reproduced, distributed, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form without the prior written consent of SLP, Inc.
Privacy Statement
Thank you for your interest in our website. We recognize and respect the privacy expectations of today’s consumers and the requirements of applicable Federal and State privacy laws. This Privacy Statement is to inform you of our practices with respect to how we collect and use personally identifiable information about individuals using our website. By using this website, you consent to the following terms.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Statement from time to time consistent with applicable privacy laws.
What We Collect
You can access and browse our website without providing any personally identifying information. When you place an order to purchase our products, we will collect personally identifiable information about you such as your name, company, title, address, telephone and facsimile numbers as well as other information that you may provide.
Use of Information
SLP, Inc. uses your personal identifiable information to identify you when you purchase products, respond to your requests for information and as may be otherwise necessary. SLP, Inc. may contact you with respect to services or products that may of interest to you. SLP, Inc. may also use information entered into our website as necessary to administer or provide customer support. SLP, Inc. does not provide any personally identifiable information to third parties.
Disclaimers
No Warranties
The documentation provided at this site is “as-is” without any expressed or implied warranty of any kind including warranties of merchantability, non-infringement of intellectual property, including patents, copyrights or otherwise or fitness for any particular purpose. SLP rxcanada24 , Inc. will not be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of the use or inability to use the documentation provided on the site.
Share this:FacebookTwitterGoogleLinkedInPinterest