http://smart-solution.com/privacy
Privacy Policy Smart Solution does not sell or distribute client or visitor information to third parties. Smart Solution gathers information and will distribute this information within Smart Solution in an effort to meet your needs and respond to your information requests. This Privacy Policy sets forth the guidelines Smart Solution uses in protecting your privacy.
1. What Types of Information We Collect, How We Collect It and How We May Use and Disclose Such Information. Smart Solution collects Information about visitors to this Site indirectly through our Internet access logs. When you access our website, social media pages or other Internet destinations related to Smart Solution, your browser's domain name and Internet address is automatically collected and is placed in our Internet access logs. Smart Solution uses this information to learn about which pages and information our Site visitors access and how often. Smart Solution also collects information when you directly submit it to us. Throughout this Site, Smart Solution provides the opportunity to, among other matters, subscribe to newsletters regarding Smart Solution events or company news, to request company information, or to request product or service information through an e-mail contact form. When Smart Solution collects such personal information from you, we intend to use the personal information to meet your needs and respond to your requests. It is completely up to you whether to provide this information. Smart Solution may also use and disclose such personal information in order to comply with laws, regulations, court orders and lawful instructions from a Government agency or other competent authority, to protect the personal safety of users of our services or the public, to defend Smart Solution from claims, to resolve disputes, to troubleshoot problems, or to protect Smart Solution rights and property. 2. Cookies, Browser Information and Related Issues. a. When you visit this Site, Smart Solution receives certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as your IP address, browser type and language, access times and referring website addresses, and other such information.
This data may be used, among other uses, to improve the operation of this Site and to improve Site security by assisting in "authenticating" who you are, when you access this Site, and in particular if you register for a Site offering or functionality and are issued with or create a username and password. b. Smart Solution may also receive additional information about your visit to this Site, including the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take in connection with this Site and the products and services offered through it.
This data may be used, among other uses, to improve the operation of this Site and to make this Site design more efficient. c. Like most websites, this Site also uses "cookies," which are small text files placed on your computer by the web server when you visit this Site.
Most such cookies are "session" cookies that are used only for a specific period during which you are on this Site; but a few are "persistent" cookies that stay on your hard drive and are read by the web server when you return to this Site.
This Site uses cookies to store your preferences and other information on your computer in order to save you time by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information and to display your personalized content on your later visits to this Site.
Cookies cannot and will not be used to deliver or run programs on your computer.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
However, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of this Site that depend on cookies. 3. How We Protect Your Personal Information To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, Smart Solution maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards, and requires those to whom we disclose such information (including our employees and service providers that assist us in operating this Site) to do the same. 4. External Links. This Site may provide links to other third party websites.
Even if the third party is affiliated with Smart Solution through a business relationship or otherwise, Smart Solution is not responsible for the conditions or results of use, privacy policies or practices or the content of such external links or the person or entity responsible for them.
These links are provided to you for your convenience only, and you access them at your own risk. 5. Keeping Up to Date with Our Privacy Policy. Smart Solution can amend this Policy at any time by posting a revised version on this Site, which will be effective at the time it is posted unless a delayed effective date is expressly stated in the revision. 6. Contacting Us. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us. COMPANY Home About Us Industries Services News PRODUCTS Universa Suite Add-Ons Third Party Interfaces RESOURCES Client Login Careers Contact Us Privacy Policy
© 2020
By using this website you agree to our cookie policy.