https://smartstage.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy - Smartstage
Skip to content
HomeAbout UsCatalogPortable StagesStage KitsADA Ramp KitsDeck/Stage ComponentsShow ComponentsLighting TrussSeatingRevolvingDisplayHeavy DutyCustom DesignsBrowse All ProductsMarketsWho Uses SmartstageAthleticsCorporate & MarketingEducationalTouringTrade fair & ConventionsTheater & Lecture HallTV & FilmWorshipBlogFAQsContact UsYour Quote
Search for:
Privacy PolicySmartstage Admin2019-04-11T05:46:53-07:00
PRIVACY POLICY
We take privacy very seriously.
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from https://smartstage.com (the “Site”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
– “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit here.
– “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
– “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
– “Google/Bing,” “Ads,” and “Remarketing Ads,” collects certain information from and about its users three ways: directly from our Web Server logs, the user, and with Cookies. When you visit our Site, we may track information to administer the Site and analyze its usage for the purpose of serving our visitors and customers better.  We may use remarketing or similar audiences to advertise online. Google, Bing or third-party vendors may show our ads across the internet.  The use of cookies and/or device identifiers may be used to serve ads based on someone’s past visit(s) to the Site or use of any current or future app(s). Visitors can opt out of Google’s/Bing’s use of cookies or device identifiers by visiting Google’s Ads Settings or Bing’s Ad Settings. Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page or control the use of device identifiers by using their device’s settings.
Additionally, when you make a purchase, attempt to make a purchase or obtain a quote through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, and phone number. We use PCI Compliant payments gateway and do store any credit card or bank information. We refer to this information as “Order Information.”
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations).  Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you;
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services; and
Send you specials, updates or general company or product information.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We NEVER share, sell or rent your Personal Information to any other person, party, business or corporation.
We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site–you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful requests for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
BEHAVIORAL ADVERTISING
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.  For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page here.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by visiting the following sites:
FACEBOOK
GOOGLE
BING
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal here.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident, we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill orders/contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.  Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, to the United States.
DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at support@smartstage.com or by mail using the details provided below:
Smartstage | 2510 E Sunset Rd, Ste 5-222, Las Vegas, NV, 89120, United States
Building magic into every event we touch.
Portable Stages | Lighting Truss
Rotating Platform | Seating
Contact us
1-702-880-0011
support@smartstage.com
Smartstage Ltd.
2510 E Sunset Rd, Ste 5-222
Las Vegas, NV, 89120-3511
Home My Account About Us FAQ Warranty Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Contact Us
© Copyright
| Smartstage | All rights
reserved.