https://smileymonroe.com/cookie-policy/
×
Home
Products
Conveyor Belts
Endless Conveyor Belts
Zip Clip Replacement Belts
ToughFlex
Ripstop
Fabric Breaker
Custom Belts
Custom Cut Parts
Conveyor Rollers
Polymer King Roller
GlideTracker Roller
Synthetic Screen Media
FlipFlow
MegaFlex
SupoFlex
Wear Liners
CoverClean Belt Cleaners
Cold Bond
Belt Buddy
Conveyor Impact Bars
Technical Zone
Why Us?
USA
News & Events
Our Story
Working Here
Contact Us
Toolkit
Cookie Policy
What are cookies?
Cookies are very small text files which store very small amounts of information. They are used to remember settings and preferences between visits to the site, as well as information between different pages on the same site.
For security reasons, cookies can only be read by the site that set them. We have no access to cookies set on your computer by, for example, Google, Yahoo, Microsoft or any other website on the internet. To find out more about cookies, you might find the following link useful: Wikipedia: HTTP Cookies.
How do we use cookies?
Currently, there are four types of cookies that may be generated as you browse our site: session cookies, persistent cookies, analytics cookies and performance cookies.
Session Cookies
As you move through the site, various pieces of information need to be stored in order for the site to function properly
This information is stored in a database and is referred to as a session. We set one cookie to keep track of which session you are using. Old session data is automatically deleted from our databases multiple times a day, so we do not store this information long-term.
In addition to the session cookie, we sometimes set a cookie to check if we can set cookies on your computer. This is done for diagnostic purposes when you use our contact form. We use this information to help solve any problems you may have encountered.
How do I control session cookies?
You can use your browser settings to control whether or not we set session cookies. More information on your browser settings is provided at the bottom of this page.
Please be aware that cookies are critical to the working of the site. If you choose to disable cookies from this site, you will not be able to log in and the functionality of the site will be greatly reduced.
Persistent Cookies
Also called permanent cookies, or stored cookies, persistent cookies are stored on a user’s hard drive until they expire (persistent cookies are set with expiration dates) or until the user deletes the cookie. Persistent cookies are used to collect identifying information about the user, such as browsing behaviour or user preferences for a specific website. We use a number of persistent cookies in conjunction with Wistia video player to support video functionality and remember video playback positions.
Analytics Cookies
In order to monitor how our sites are performing, we collect data about page visits. This information is completely anonymous — we cannot determine who it came from. When we use this data, we look at numbers of visitors overall rather than individual visits.
Analytics information is used in reports and to improve our site. For example, we have used analytics data to add, remove or change features of the site based on how popular they are with users.
We track, for example:
the numbers of visitors to individual pages;
when pages were visited;
how long users stayed on the page;
the page they came from;
technical data about the device being used to browse the site (such as browser and operating system version, and display size) — we use this data to ensure that the technology our site uses is appropriate for the majority of our users, and how best to display the site for users who have less capable browsers.
More information about analytics cookies
We use Google to provide our analytics data. You can read more about how Google Analytics treats your data at: Google: Safeguarding your data.
You can also read Google’s full privacy policy.
How do I control analytics cookies?
Google provides a tool to opt-out of Google Analytics. This is available for all modern browsers in the form of a browser plugin.
Additionally, you can control how cookies are set using your browser settings. See below for more information.
Opt Out of Cookies
If you would like to opt out and disable your cookies, you can do so by clicking here.
Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.
To help us understand how visitors interact with our website, we use a heat mapping tool called Hotjar to record visitor sessions. When we are actively recording visitors, the Hotjar script initiates a websocket connection which sends the following information to the Hotjar servers:
HTML changes that happen while a visitor uses our pages
Mouse movements
Mouse clicks
Scroll movements
Keystrokes only for whitelisted input fields
Browser viewport size changes
Each event tracked is saved in Hotjar’s cloud database using a time stamp which is later used to replay back the events in sequential order. The Hotjar Tracking Code tracks our visitors as they visit different pages using a first party cookie. Hotjar can record both static and dynamic pages, shopping carts and logged in areas.
Hotjar does not track or record visitors which have cookies disabled. As a matter of fact, the Hotjar script doesn’t even initialise its different components if it detects that cookies are disabled.
Google AdSense
We display adverts from Google. Google ads are covered by the same privacy policy as Google Analytics.
You can discover how Google protects your privacy relating to ads at Google’s Advertising privacy FAQ . This page also allows you to control what cookies Google AdSense saves on your computer.
More information about online advertising and tracking
The International Advertising Bureau has produced a website to give more information about privacy and advertising on the internet.
Controlling cookies within your browser
A browser is a program you use to view web pages. Your browser allows you to control what cookies are set on your computer, and how long they are stored. You may have more than one browser installed on your computer. In this case, you will need to change the settings for each browser you use.
Browser help pages relating to cookie settings
Browser manufacturers provide help pages relating to cookie management in their products. Please see below for more information.
Internet Explorer
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Safari (Desktop)
Safari (Mobile)
Opera
Opera Mobile
For other browsers, please consult the documentation that your browser manufacturer provides.
Further help
If you still have any concerns relating to our use of cookies, please contact us.
Recent Posts
WEBINAR: Maximizing Conveyor Uptime – Could Zip Clip® replacement conveyor belts be your answer?
Posted November 18, 2020
in News
Smiley Monroe’s experience and relationship with Australia and the Waste and Recycling sector
Posted November 16, 2020
in News
Visit Smiley Monroe VIRTUALLY at Australasian Waste & Recycling Expo
Posted November 4, 2020
in News
3T Power supplies The Giants of Belting Smiley Monroe with green electricity generated exclusively in Northern Ireland
Posted November 4, 2020
in News
Smiley Monroe opens first US production center
Posted September 21, 2020
in News
Meet the #WasteExpoTogetherOnline Show Team!
Posted September 2, 2020
in News
Visit Smiley Monroe VIRTUALLY at #WasteExpoTogetherOnline 2020
Posted September 2, 2020
in News
August Shutdown
Posted July 23, 2020
in News
New Work Pattern
Posted June 15, 2020
in News
COVID-19 | Response Update | Reopening
Posted April 30, 2020
in News
COVID-19 Response Update | Temporary Closure
Posted April 16, 2020
in News
COVID-19 | Response Update | Temporary Closure
Posted March 24, 2020
in News
Smiley Monroe’s Response to the Challenge of COVID-19
Posted March 18, 2020
in News
SMILEY MONROE TO MARK MAJOR MILESTONES AT CONEXPO
Posted February 19, 2020
in News
Meet the CONEXPO show team!!
Posted February 14, 2020
in News
Our Top 10 Tips for Conquering CONEXPO 2020
Posted February 11, 2020
in News
Conveyor Belt Giants, Smiley Monroe announce new US expansion
Posted October 1, 2019
in News
Press Release
5 Ways to Wellbeing
Posted May 31, 2019
in News
READY SET RUN
Posted May 30, 2019
in News
7 things to know about Bauma
Posted April 1, 2019
in News
Meet the Bauma Team
Posted March 5, 2019
in News
Visit the Giants of Belting at Bauma
Posted March 5, 2019
in News
Auf Wiedersehen und Danke, Markus
Posted February 28, 2019
in News
Shaping my future
Posted February 4, 2019
in News
Problem Solvers – Morgan, man about Machines
Posted September 4, 2018
in News
A month in the life of a marketing graduate
Posted August 14, 2018
in News
Giants at Hillhead
Posted August 2, 2018
in News
Smiley Monroe attribute their ‘Hi5’ company values as key to record-breaking sales
Posted July 25, 2018
in News
Press Release
Beginner’s Guide to Hillhead
Posted June 21, 2018
in News
Close to our Customers at Hillhead 2018
Posted May 8, 2018
in News
View All
Sign up to our newsletter
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Translate