https://smp.uk.com/cookies-and-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small text files placed on your computer when you browse a website.
In common with many other websites, smp use Google Analytics to help us to understand how to make our website more effective. We do not use data from which you can be individually identified.
Most browsers are set to automatically accept cookies. If you’re using Microsoft’s Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome or Safari you should be able to configure your browser to restrict or block cookies, or you may wish to delete them, by going to your browser’s settings.
Privacy Policy
We treat all the information provided by you with the utmost care and security. Any details you give will remain confidential and will only be disclosed where disclosure is made at your request, with your consent or where we are legally obliged to do so.
What personal information do we collect?
We collect information about you when you sign up to our marketing communications, register your interest in working with smp, or give us feedback. We also collect information when you access our website, about your use of the website and how you arrived at it in the first place. This can include what links or adverts of ours you’ve viewed or clicked on to reach us, or any search terms you’ve used. We can also see which pages of our website have been visited by you and for how long. All this information helps us to tell what content is popular so we can prioritise it.
How do we use your information?
We collect information about you to facilitate a specific transaction you have requested and, if you agree, to let you know about content and any of our services that we think may be of interest to you. We may also email you if there is a problem with comments you have posted on our website. If you are not opted in to our marketing communications, we use this information to understand the sorts of content you are interested in, to understand our customers better and optimise future campaigns.
Data Protection
Will you pass my information onto other companies?
smp complies with its obligations under the Data Protection Act 1988 and the EU General Data Protection Regulations 2018 relating to the holding of personal data. Any details you give will remain confidential and only be disclosed where disclosure is made at your request, with your consent, or where we are legally obliged to do so.
How long will we keep this information about you?
We will keep personal information for no longer than is necessary for the purposes described above, and to meet any legal or contractual obligations. Notwithstanding any timelines for holding personal data that smp might generally apply, you may express your own preferences and choices at any time.
How do we keep your information secure?
We protect your information by using technical and administrative security measures (firewalls, data encryption, physical and administrative access controls to the data and servers)
How do I express my preferences and choices?
You can change your mind and opt out of receiving further communications from us and/or change your communication preferences at any time by writing to us at:
Aviation House125 KingswayLondonWC2B 6NHUnited Kingdom
Access to your information and correction
If you would like a copy of some or all of the personal information we hold about you, please write to us at:
Aviation House125 KingswayLondonWC2B 6NHUnited Kingdom
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date – please let us know if you think it is not.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review, and we will place any updates on our website. If there is a material change which could have a detrimental effect on you and we have your contact details we will contact you to let you know.
Links to other sites
The links to other sites on the Internet are purely to allow you to access more information on related topics. smp does not accept any responsibility for information contained in any such sites or for the fact that such sites may not be available at all times.
This website uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience.Find out more or adjust your settings.
Accept
Change cookie settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by GDPR plugin
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings