https://snoblox-snojax.com/privacy-policy/
0
Search
Search
Products
All Products
Snow Guards
Accessories
Vent Protection
Roof Clamps
SnoBar
Gutter Guards
WindBar
Clearance
About
FAQ
Resources
Resources
Specs
Awards
Spacing
CEC
Instructions
Pitch Chart
Testing
Warranty
Spacing Tool
Contact
Blog
COVID-19
Sign in
or Register
Home
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICYThis privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for this website. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:• The personally identifiable information that is collected from you through the website; how it is used; with whom it may be shared.• The choices available to you regarding the use of your data.• The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.• How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information. Information Collection, Use, and Sharing• We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site.• We only have access to collect the information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you.• We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.• We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.• We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization,other than as necessary to fulfill your request, such as to ship an order• Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over InformationYou may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:• See what data we have about you, if any.• Change or correct any data we have about you.• Request deletion any data we have about you.• Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
SecurityWe take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information, such as financial data, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
×