http://snowassociates.com/privacy-return-policy
Call
(407) 294-1855to book Dennis for a live or virtual presentation
Toggle navigation
Home
About
Products
Keynotes & Workshops
Videos
Dennis' Demo Video
Dennis' Youtube Channel
Blog
Testimonials
Contact
Privacy & Return Policy
Snow & Associates is committed to protecting your privacy.Collection of Your Personal InformationIn some areas of our site, you may be asked to provide personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. We may also collect demographic information, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites. If you choose to make a purchase or sign up for a paid subscription service, we will ask for additional information, such as your credit card number and billing address that is used to create a billing account.
We may collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the links you click and other actions taken in connection with our site and services. We also collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as your IP address, browser type and language, access times and referring website addresses.
Use of Your Personal InformationSnow & Associates may collect and use your personal information to operate and improve its site and service, and/or to carry out transactions you have requested. We may also use your personal information to communicate with you. We may send service communications such as welcome letters, billing reminders, information on technical service issues and security announcements. Also, you might also receive surveys or promotional mailings from time to time.
Personal information collected on our site may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which our affiliates, subsidiaries or agents do business, and by using our site or service, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.
Sharing of Your Personal InformationExcept as described in this statement, we will not disclose your personal information outside of our site. We do not share your contact information with third parties for marketing purposes.
We might occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, hosting websites, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. Those companies will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose.
We may access and/or disclose your personal information if we believe such action is necessary to: (a) comply with the law or (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Snow & Associates.
Security of Your Personal InformationWhen we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number or password) over the Internet, we use a verified secure™ provider that specializes in merchant account security. We subject our shopping cart transactions to the highest level of Internet e-commerce security standards.
Use of CookiesSnow & Associates’ web site may use "cookies" to enable you to sign in to our services and to help personalize your online experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies contain information that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies.
Use of Web BeaconsIn the future, our web site may contain electronic images known as Web beacons - sometimes called single-pixel gifs - that may be used to assist in delivering cookies on our sites and allow us to count users who have visited those pages. Web beacons could be used in e-mail messages or newsletters in order to determine whether an email has been opened and/or acted upon.
We would not allow Web beacons on our sites to be used by third parties to collect or access your personal information.
Return PolicyWe will accept returned merchandise purchased from our site within two weeks of original purchase date, provided it is returned in the same condition that it was shipped. Returns that are requested beyond a two week time-frame will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis.
Download Free Whitepaper
The Top Five Customer Service Mistakes Companies Make
And How Your Organization Can Avoid Them
SUBSCRIBE