https://socotec-certification-international.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
(1) What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views);
information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us and/or for requesting cost/service information (including name and contact details, organisation details – address, size, scope of business, management system details);
information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters (including name and contact details, organisation details – address, size, scope of business, management system details);
any other information that you choose to send to us.
(2) Cookies
A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We may use “persistent” cookies on the website. We will use the persistent cookies to: enable our website to recognise your location when you visit. Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date.
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. (For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector.) This will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
(3) Using your personal data
Personal data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
We may use your personal information to:
administer the website;
improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;
enable your use of the services available on the website;
provide you with further information/cost details in relation to our services, at your request;
send you general (non-marketing) commercial communications;
send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;
send to you marketing communications relating to our business [or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties] which we think may be of interest to you by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);
deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website;
Where you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the license you grant to us.
We will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
(4) Disclosures
We may disclose information about you to any of our employees, officers, agents or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy.
In addition, we may disclose information about you:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk); and
to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset which we are (or are contemplating) selling.
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
(5) International data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Information which you provide may be transferred to the representative Certification International office that works within your respective country. Some of these countries may not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Economic Areas (EEA).
You expressly agree to such transfers of personal information.
(6) Security of your personal data
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password- and firewall- protected) servers. All electronic transactions you make to or receive from us will be encrypted [using SSL technology].
Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
You are responsible for keeping your password and user details confidential. We will not ask you for your password.
(7) Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
We may also notify you of changes to our privacy policy by email.
(8) Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you. Provision of such information may be subject to the payment of a fee (currently fixed at £10.00).
You may instruct us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes by email at any time. (In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal data for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of the use of your personal data for marketing purposes.)
(9) Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
(10) Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
(11) Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal data, please write to us by email to ci@socotec-certification-international.com or by post to Certification International, Delta 200, Delta Business Park, Great Western Way, Swindon, SN25 4YE.
(12) Data controller
You can reach our data controller responsible for the website using ci@socotec-certification-international.com.
Our data protection registration number is Z8049122.
This privacy policy is based on a precedent available at Employment Law Contracts and Website Law