https://solidgoldpet.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy – SolidGold
Skip to content
DOG
Dry Food
Wet Food
Supplements
Bone Broth
Shop All Dog Products
CAT
Dry Food
Wet Food
Supplements
Bone Broth
Treats
Shop All Cat Products
WHY SOLID GOLD
Gut Health
Customized Nutrition
Sourcing
ABOUT
Sissy’s Story
Our Team
Press Room
FAQs
Contact
BLOG
WHERE TO BUY
×
SOLID GOLD PET Privacy Policy
Last Updated June 8th, 2018
Welcome to the web site (the “Site”) of Solid Gold Pet (“Solid Gold”, “we”, “us” and/or “our”). This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes how information is collected from our users (“you”, ”your”) when you use this online website, mobile website, application, digital service, or any related products, services, sites, features or functionality (each a “ Service”, collectively the “Services”) and how Solid Gold, uses, shares and manages your information and data, including personally identifiable data (“Personal Data”). By using any of the Services, you consent to the collection, use, processing, and sharing of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
1. Our Privacy Principles
We are committed to recognizing and respecting your privacy rights by keeping you informed and processing and protecting your personal data in compliance with applicable law.
Effective May 25th, 2018, if you are from the European Economic Area (“ EEA”), our processing of your personal data will comply with the Regulations (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016, known as the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
2. Information that We Collect from You
Account Data You Directly and Voluntarily Provide to Us
We may collect and process some or all of the following information you make available to us if you register, download or use the Services, such as your:
• Name
• Email Address
• Mailing Address
• Phone Number
• Interests
• User Name
• Password
• Other Registration Information
• Customer Support or Technical Information you provide when you contact us with questions about your use of the Services
User Profile Data
We may also offer you the option to create a user profile that may be visible to other users of the Services. If you are a registered user you may also be able to adjust your account settings through your user account. We note that, even if you adjust your settings so that your user profile remains private, we will still be able to access and view the information you provide as part of your user profile.
Public Data You Post through the Services
If you post information on public areas of the Services, that data may be collected and used by us, other users of the Services, and the public generally, such as reviews, comments, and user content. We strongly recommend that you do not post any information through the Services that allows strangers to identify or locate you or that you otherwise do not want to share with the public.
Usage Data We Automatically Collect from You
In addition to the information you provide to us, the Services may collect and process additional data automatically, this data may include your:
• Device Registration Data (for example, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s unique device or advertising ID, IP address, operating system and browser type)
• Device Settings (for example, your language preference)
• Mobile Carrier
• Information about how you use the Services (for example, how many times you use the Services each day)
• Requested and Referring URLs
• Location Data collected through your Device (including, for example, precise location data such as GPS and WiFi information)
3. How We Use Your Information
Improving the Services, Providing Support, and Communicating With You
We and our service providers may use the data you provide or that is collected through the Services to operate and improve the Services, our other sites, applications, products and services, to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information and notices relating to the Services, and to communicate with you about marketing promotions.
Advertising and Third Party Content and Links
The Services may be supported through advertising, and we may work with advertisers and advertising networks to provide advertising through the Services. We may provide these advertisers and advertising networks with the ability to collect data about how you interact with the Services and, if applicable, your mobile device. This data may include the unique device or advertising identifier associated with your device and your precise location data, in order to help analyze and serve targeted advertising on the Services and elsewhere (including third-party sites and applications). In addition, the Services may include third-party content and links to other third-party websites. These advertisers, advertising networks, and third parties may use cookies, pixels, and web beacons to track the actions of users online over time and across different websites or platforms in order to deliver targeted electronic advertisements to an individual user.
For information about how tracking works for online advertising purposes you can visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices or http:///www.aboutads.info/appchoices . We do not have access to or control over cookies, pixels or web beacons that third-party websites or partners may use. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party websites. You are encouraged to review the privacy policies of the different websites that you visit.
If you access the Services through a browser, your browser may allow you to adjust your browser settings so that “Do Not Track” requests are sent to the websites that you visit. However, we will not disable tracking technology that may be active on the Services in response to any Do Not Track requests that we receive from your browser. You can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and other similar technologies through your browser. You may set your browser to accept all cookies, block certain cookies, require our consent before a cookie is placed in your browser, or block all cookies. Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience and may prevent you from enjoying the full features offered through the Services.
Analytics Services
We may also work with third party analytics companies to help us understand how the Services are being used, such as data collection, reporting, ad response measurement, website and mobile application analytics, and to assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements.
We may use Google Analytics, an analytics service provided by Google or other third party analytics services providers (“Analytics Services”) to collect information about your use of the Services. These Analytics Services may collect information about the content you view and your system information and geographic information. The information generated by the Analytics Services about your use of the Services will be transmitted to and stored by the Analytics Services. The information collected by the Analytics Services allows us to analyze your use of the Services.
We encourage you to review your device and Services settings to ensure they are consistent with your preferences, including with respect to the collection and use of information. You may be able to stop further collection of certain data by the Services by updating your applicable device settings, or you may uninstall the Services. In addition, you may choose not to share your location details by adjusting your mobile device’s location services settings. For instructions on changing the relevant settings, please contact your service provider/carrier or device manufacturer.
Purchases and Payment Processors
If you make a purchase through the Services, you may be able to pay using a third-party payment service, such as Stripe, PayPal, Apple Pay, Amazon Pay or other third-party payment services. All information collected by these third-party payment services for purposes of processing your payments is not available to us, unless you have otherwise provided this information to us in connection with your use of the Services. Information collected from you by these third-party payment services is governed by the applicable third-party payment service’s privacy policy. You should review the applicable privacy policy prior to submitting any information to the applicable third-party payment service.
Promotions, Sweepstakes, and Contests
From time to time, we may host a promotion, sweepstakes, or content on the Services. You may be asked to provide personal information or permit the transfer of your personal information to a third party in connection with such promotion, sweepstakes or content. The parties who privacy policy applies will be disclosed at point of collection or transfer and you will have a choice of whether or not you wish to permit such transfer or collection of information to a third party.
If you wish to unsubscribe from receiving marketing communications from us by email, please follow the instructions contained in each email you receive from us describing how you can unsubscribe from receiving further marketing communications from us. If you are a registered user you may also be able to adjust your email settings by logging in to your account and adjusting your account settings.
Social Media and Sharing
The Services may use social networking or “share functionality” or may contain links to third-party social media sites or applications that are not owned or controlled by us. We also may allow you to use social media sites or applications to leverage your existing social media site or application accounts to access features of the Services. Your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of information about you by these sites or applications, depending on the feature.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, any share functionality or the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party site or application. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the social media sites or applications with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those sites. You are subject to the policies of those third parties when and where applicable.
Non-Identifiable or Aggregated Data
When you interact with Solid Gold through the Site or Services, we receive and store certain personally non-identifiable information. Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot presently be used to specifically identify you. Solid Gold may store such information itself or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by Solid Gold affiliates, agents or service providers. This Site may use such information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, the domain names of our visitors’ Internet service providers, and how our users use and interact with the Solid Gold. Also, in an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the Services, Solid Gold often conducts research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Data and other information provided to us. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis. Solid Gold may share this non-identifiable and aggregate data with its affiliates, agents and business partners, but this type of non-identifiable and aggregate information does not identify you personally. Solid Gold may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
4. How We Share Your Information
We may share the information you provide or that we collect in some circumstances as follows:
With Advertisers
We may share your information with advertisers, third-party advertising networks and analytics companies who may use it to deliver targeted advertisements to you on the Services or third-party websites or advertisers. Similarly, these advertisers may share information with us about you that they have independently gathered or acquired. We may also share encrypted versions of information we have collected in order to enable our advertising partners to perform data analysis or for advertising-related use.
With Our Company Affiliates
We may share your information with members of the Solid Gold corporate family in order to provide joint content and services (like registration, transactions and customer support), or to improve your experience with the Services, products and other services.
With Our Partner Programs
If you are directed to the Services through a third party, we may share certain information back with that third party, which may include information such as name, email and value of purchase depending on the type of relationship or Services utilized.
With Our Service Providers
We may share your information with our service providers who work on our behalf. For example, these service providers may handle payment or credit card processing, data management, customer data pooling or aggregating, feature administration, email distribution, market research, information analysis, and promotions management. These service providers will only have access to the information needed to perform these limited functions on our behalf.
As Required By Law or to Protect Rights and to Comply with Our Policies
To the extent permitted by law, we will disclose your information to government authorities or third parties, including national security or law enforcement agencies, if required to do so by law, or if requested in response to a subpoena or court order, we believe in our sole and absolute discretion that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect against fraud, to protect the property or other rights of us or other users, third parties or the public at large, or we believe that you have abused the Services by using it to attack other systems or to gain unauthorized access to any other system, to engage in spamming or otherwise to violate applicable laws. You should be aware that, following disclosure to any third party, your information may be accessible by others to the extent permitted or required by applicable law.
Business Transfers or Bankruptcy
In the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other sale of all or a portion of our assets or any business, any user information owned or controlled by us may be one of the assets transferred to third parties in such transaction or event. We reserve the right, as part of this type of transaction or event, to transfer or assign your information and other information we have collected from users of the Services to third parties. Other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court, the use and disclosure of all transferred user information will be subject to this Privacy Policy. However, any information you submit or that is collected after this type of transfer may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity or acquirer, as applicable.
5. Your Access and Control of Your Information
We acknowledge your right to access and control your personal data.
Accessing, Correcting or Deleting Your Information
To request access to or correction of your personal data, you may send an e-mail to dane@solidgoldpet.com or a letter to:
Solid Gold Pet
15455 Conway Rd
Suite 100
Chesterfield, MO 63017
Please include your registration information you provided through the Services. We may ask you to provide additional information for identity verification purposes, or to verify that you are in possession of an applicable email account.
If you’d like us to delete information that you have provided through the Services, please contact us at dane@solidgoldpet.com and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the information you provided may be required in order for the Services to function properly or may be automatically retained in backup storage or records retention archival storage.
Portability of Your Personal Data
Data portability is the ability to obtain some of your information in a format you can move from one service provider to another. Depending on the context, this applies to some of your information, but not to all of your information. Should you request it, we will provide you with an electronic file of your basic account information and the information under your sole control.
California Residents
If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and are a registered user of the Services, you may request that we remove content or information about you that you posted on the Services by: (a) submitting a request in writing to dane@solidgoldpet.com; and (b) clearly identifying the content or information you wish to have removed and providing sufficient information to allow us to locate the content or information to be removed. However, please note that we are not required to, and may not be able to, erase or otherwise eliminate content or information if: (i) other state or federal laws require us or a third party to maintain the content or information; (ii) the content or information was posted, stored, or republished by another user; (iii) the content or information is anonymized so that you cannot be individually identified; (iv) you do not follow the instructions posted in this Privacy Policy on how to request removal of your content or information; or (v) you have received compensation or other consideration for providing the content. Further, nothing in this provision shall be construed to limit the authority of a law enforcement agency to obtain the applicable content or information.
European Resident Rights
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us by submitting a request in writing to dane@solidgoldpet.com.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Links to Other Web Sites
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Site. This Site may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by Solid Gold (the “Third Party Sites”). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from this Site do not imply that Solid Gold endorses or has reviewed the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.
Integrating Third Party Services within the Service
One of the special features of the Service is that it allows you to enable various online third party services, such as social media and networking services, (“Third Party Services”) to be directly integrated into your Solid Gold experience. By directly integrating these services, we make your online experiences richer, and more personalized. To take advantage of this feature, we will ask you to provide us your username and password for the relevant Third Party Services. By enabling such Third Party Services, you are allowing us to pass your log-in information to these service providers for this purpose. When you add a Third Party Service account to the Service, we will collect your login information and other relevant information necessary to enable the Service to access that Third Party Service and your data contained within that Third Party Service. However, please remember that the manner in which Third Party Services use, store and disclose your information is governed solely by the policies of such third parties, and Solid Gold shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any Third Party Service that may be enabled within the Service.
6. The Privacy of Children
Solid Gold does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 16. If you are under the age of 16, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Site. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data on this Site without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 16 has provided Personal Data to Solid Gold through this Site, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
7. Security Measures
We provide industry-standard physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect personal data we process and maintain. For example, we take reasonable measures to limit access to this data to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Services. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for data we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches. As a result, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit on or through the Services and you do so at your own risk.
8. Changes to Solid Gold Privacy Policy
The Site and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for Solid Gold to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Solid Gold reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Site after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.
9. Contacting Solid Gold
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at dane@solidgoldpet.com or by mail using the details provided below:
Solid Gold Pet
15455 Conway Rd.
Suite 100
Chesterfield, MO 63017
z
Let's Keep In Touch!
Products
Dog
Cat
Why Solid Gold
Gut Health
Customized Nutrition
Sourcing
About
Sissy’s Story
Our Team
FAQs
Disclosure
Contact
Where to Buy
In Store
Online
Blog
Blog Posts
Press Room
International
International Distributors
Privacy Policy
© 2020, Solid Gold Pet Solid Gold Pet, LLC. All rights reserved.
DOG
Dry FoodWet FoodSupplementsBone BrothShop All Dog Products Back
CAT
Dry FoodWet FoodSupplementsBone BrothTreatsShop All Cat Products Back
WHY SOLID GOLD
Gut HealthCustomized NutritionSourcing Back
ABOUT
Sissy’s StoryOur TeamPress RoomFAQsContact Back
BLOGWHERE TO BUY×
× Close Panel
0
let's keep in touch!
let's keep in touch
Sign Up & Save!