https://somniaanesthesiaservices.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Somnia|Legal|Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
GENERAL PROVISIONS:
SOMNIA, INC. is committed to respecting the privacy of users of this Internet web site and only collects information via this Internet web site that is voluntarily submitted.
Data collected and used by SOMNIA, INC., Somnia Anesthesia Services, Inc., its affiliates, and agents (collectively “SOMNIA, INC.”), including all personal information SOMNIA, INC. collects that pertains to and identifies a person in connection with this Internet web site, are governed by and subject to this Internet Web Site Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”), as amended from time to time.
Accordingly, data collected and used by SOMNIA, INC. may or may not be subject to previous versions of any privacy policy that may have been in effect at the time that such data were collected.
SOMNIA, INC. reserves the right change the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion and will provide link(s) to the most current version of the Privacy Policy on this Internet web site. By using this Internet web site, you agree to accept the terms set forth in the Privacy Policy, and you agree to be bound by modifications, alterations, or updates made to the Privacy Policy over time. Please regularly review the Privacy Policy.
If, as the result of modifications, alterations, or updates made to the Privacy Policy, you want to alter information SOMNIA, INC. may have regarding you, you may do so by following the procedure described in the section below entitled “Updating Your Personal Information and Privacy Preferences.”
By using this Internet web site, you agree to be subject to and agree to be bound by the Privacy Policy. You represent that you are of legal age to form a binding contract.
If you do not agree with or have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should immediately discontinue use of this Internet web site.
The Privacy Policy does not govern practices associated with activities provided by Internet web sites other than this Internet web site, or associated with products and services not available or enabled via this Internet web site.
To the extent that any term of the Privacy Policy conflicts with the terms of an existing written (including electronic) agreement between you and SOMNIA, INC., including the Terms of Use and Conditions for this Internet web site which is incorporated by reference in its entirety herein, regarding the use of specific areas of this Internet web site or specific products, offers and promotions (including specific promotion rules, offers, terms of use, or privacy disclosures), the terms of the respective agreement(s) shall govern.
This Internet web site is intended for adult audiences, and SOMNIA, INC. does not knowingly collect any personal information from anyone under eighteen (18) years of age.
If SOMNIA, INC. sells assets (or the assets of a division or subsidiary) to another entity, or SOMNIA, INC. (or a division or subsidiary) is acquired by or merged with another entity, you agree that SOMNIA, INC. may provide to such entity personal information that is related to that part of SOMNIA, INC.’s business that was sold to or merged with the other entity without obtaining your consent.
UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND PRIVACY PREFERENCES:
You may request access to and may correct your personal information and privacy preferences at any time.
Please e-mail your request to access and correct your personal information to: marketing@somniainc.com. Please include your name, address, and e -mail address when you contact us. No specific form is required to notify SOMNIA, INC. of changes to your personal information.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION:
SOMNIA, INC. may ask that you provide personally identifiable information, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including zip code), country of residence, e-mail address, telephone and facsimile numbers, and other personally identifying information (collectively, “Personal Information”). By submitting Personal Information to SOMNIA, INC., you agree and acknowledge that such Personal Information may be transferred across national boundaries. You also acknowledge that in certain countries or with respect to certain activities, the collection, transfer, storage, and processing of your Personal Information may be undertaken by third parties. If you do not want your Personal Information collected and stored, do not submit it to SOMNIA, INC.
Non-personally identifiable information that by itself cannot be used to identify or contact you may be collected on this Internet web site. This can include your Internet browser or the computer operating system you use, as well as the date and time you visited this Internet web site, the pages you accessed, and the name of the web site from which you linked to this Internet web site. This non-personally identifiable information may be used by SOMNIA, INC. for demographic purposes, analysis of trends, interests and needs, marketing and to improve and enhance this Internet web site. SOMNIA, INC. reserves the right to use or disclose such non-personally identifiable information in any manner.
HOW YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IS USED:
SOMNIA, INC. collects your Personal Information in order to record, support and facilitate services provided in this Internet web site. For example, your Personal Information is used to provide you with information that you have indicated that you would like sent to you by SOMNIA, INC. Such information may include, but is not limited to, information relating to hospital anesthesia services, ambulatory anesthesia services, office-based anesthesia or other services that may or may not be provided by SOMNIA, INC.
YOUR CHOICES WITH RESPECT TO PERSONAL INFORMATION:
SOMNIA, INC. recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of Personal Information collected, such as in connection with providing services and information, or in connection with promotion(s) or special offer(s). SOMNIA, INC. respects your legal rights regarding access to and correction and deletion of your Personal Information. SOMNIA, INC. may communicate information to you regarding products, services, and special offers available from SOMNIA, INC. or selected third parties.
There are other instances in which SOMNIA, INC. may divulge your Personal Information, such as where required by law, rule, regulation, or where SOMNIA, INC. has a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to comply with a court order, if requested by a governmental or law enforcement authority, as part of a legal process, or otherwise to protect SOMNIA, INC.’S rights. SOMNIA, INC. may also disclose Personal Information about you in a determination made solely by SOMNIA, INC. that such disclosure should be made for reasons of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance.
Access by you to your Personal Information may be provided upon request, subject to SOMNIA, INC.’s sole and exclusive granting of such request. SOMNIA, INC. expressly reserves the right to deny any request for your Personal Information for any purpose.
PROTECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION:
The Personal Information that you provide in connection with this Internet web site is protected in several ways. Your Personal Information resides on secure servers that only selected SOMNIA, INC. personnel and contractors have access to via password. SOMNIA, INC. strives to prevent unauthorized parties from viewing such Personal Information when it is transmitted to and stored by SOMNIA, INC. It is not possible, however, for SOMNIA, INC. to guarantee the security of information disclosed online to SOMNIA, INC. because no transmission of data over the Internet is totally secure and no database is totally secure from hackers, rogue employees, and the like. Personal information may also be released, erased, deleted or otherwise removed due to hacking, force majeure, accident, unscrupulous contractors or employees, or through other such factors, and Somnia, Inc. disclaims liability for any of the foregoing. You agree to assume all risk in connection with the information provided to SOMNIA, INC. or collected by SOMNIA, INC. when using this Internet web site.
PRIVACY COMPLAINTS:
SOMNIA, INC. takes its users’ privacy concerns seriously. If you believe that SOMNIA, INC. has not complied with the Privacy Policy with respect to your Personal Information, please contact SOMNIA, INC. and report such non-compliance. If you do not understand any of the terms of the Privacy Policy or if you have any questions, comments or suggestions concerning any aspect of the Privacy Policy, or if you would like to access any personally identifiable information, please contact SOMNIA, INC. at marketing@somniainc.com
This Internet web site may contain links to other web sites as well as to third party service providers. The fact that SOMNIA, INC. has provided a link to a web site is not an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship, or acknowledgement of affiliation with respect to such web site, or with respect to any information or content on the web site, or the web site’s owner(s) or service provider(s). The Privacy Policy applies solely to this Internet web site and, unless specifically stated on this Internet web site, SOMNIA, INC. is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other web sites to which this Internet web site may link to or is linked from. You should review the privacy policy of such Internet web sites before using the sites.