http://soniccash.com/privacy-policy/
How it Works
Rates & Terms
FAQ’s
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
NOTICE: Last Updated: August 20, 2016
Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in making informed decisions when using our website, understanding how we collect and use your personal information and how our practices concerning privacy pertain to you as a user of our system. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at support@soniccash.com. We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page.
The Information We Collect
We may collect all information you provide, whether through our websites or other channels, such as your name, street address, e-mail address, telephone number (home, work and mobile), date of birth, Social Security Number, financial account information, income information, employment information and other personal, financial, or demographic information.
Our website includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Our website offers publicly accessible blogs. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at support@soniccash.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
We do not ask you for, access or track any location based information from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our Mobile Site or services.
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
The Way We Use Information
By agreeing to this Privacy Policy or by using this website, you authorize us to use your information to obtain other information about you from third-parties, such as your Social Security Number, where such information was incompletely or improperly filled out on our registration form. Such third-parties include, but are not limited to, consumer reporting agencies, consumer credit bureaus and other outside parties as permitted or required by applicable laws. Any and all information that we collect from you and from such third-parties, may be used to determine your eligibility for any product, service or offer. If you choose to provide information, such as your Social Security Number, we may use that information to determine your financial status. If you do not provide such information, we may also use other information that you provided for the purpose of verifying your eligibility for a loan or for any other programs, offer or services. Upon qualification, your ultimate loan-specific financial information will be stored and utilized by your applicable lender pursuant to the terms of that lender’s Privacy Policy.
If you choose to provide personal information, it will be used for and/or shared with trusted third parties such as Loan Providers and/or other financial service providers, credit bureaus, and for marketing products and services that you might find of interest. We reserve the right to share, rent, sell or otherwise disclose your information with/to third parties in accordance with applicable laws and as described herein. These third party businesses may include, but are not limited to: providers of direct marketing services and applications, including lookup and reference, data enhancement, suppression and validation; e-mail marketers; wireless services providers and telemarketers. Information collected by us may be added to our databases and used for future instant messaging, telemarketing, SMS text-messaging, e-mails or postal mailings regarding site updates, new products and services, upcoming events, and/or status of orders and/or loans placed online. By using this website, you agree that you may be contacted in any manner contemplated in this section even if your number is found on a do-not-call registry or similar registry. We may also employ other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples include sending direct and electronic mail, removing duplicate information from customer lists, analyzing data, and providing marketing analysis. These agents have access to our users’ personal information as needed to perform their functions for our sites, but may not be used for their own marketing purposes. In addition, we may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process.
You agree that by submitting your information at the website, you agree to receive mobile marketing including, but not limited to, text-message based marketing (“SMS Messages”), from us and our third party advertisers and marketers. You further agree that based on your individual carrier and plan, you may incur charges associated with such SMS Messages and that you agree to be solely responsible for such charges. You represent that you are at least 18 years of age and the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received, and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges. Should you hereafter choose to opt-out of receiving SMS Messages from the individual sender, you may opt-out by texting “STOP” or “OPT-OUT” as specifically set forth in the communication. Notwithstanding that your mobile telephone number may be listed on state and/or federal do-not-call registries, we retain the right to contact you via SMS Messages. In addition, by registering and/or using the website, you agree that such act constitutes an inquiry and/or application for purposes of the Amended Telemarketing Sales Rule (16 CFR 310 et seq.), as amended from time to time (the “Rule”). Notwithstanding that your telephone number may be listed at the Federal Trade Commission’s Do-Not-Call List, we retain the right to contact you via telemarketing in accordance with the Rule.
We may also use your personal, demographic and profile data to improve our website, for statistical analysis, for marketing and promotional purposes, and for editorial or feedback purposes. Information collected by us may be added to our databases and used for future e-mails, telemarketing or postal mailings regarding site updates, new products and services, upcoming events, and/or status of orders placed online. See “Your Opt-Out Rights” below.
Surveys or Contests
From time-to-time, we may provide you the opportunity to participate in surveys on our site. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name, telephone number, email and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code). We use this information to improve our sites, monitor site traffic or personalize the sites.
Electronic Disclosure
By submitting your information via the Internet, you agree to receive certain notifications, disclosures and/or documents electronically. This Consent to Electronic Disclosures applies to the information you are providing on this Site and any other communications we or any third party lender may provide to you. By submitting your information you agree to receive all such notifications, disclosures and/or documents from us or any third party lender in electronic form or online in accordance with this document. You may withdraw your consent prior to submitting your information by exiting the website or by closing your browser. However, you will not be able to submit your information if you withdraw your consent by exiting the website or closing your browser. Following the submission of your information, you may be able to withdraw your consent to future electronic disclosures from a third party lender by contacting the lender directly, but due to rules regarding the timing of delivery of disclosures that need to be made to you, you acknowledge that an opt-out notice may not be received and acted upon by such third party lender prior to such disclosures being delivered to you electronically. We do not process opt-out communications for third party lenders, and each third party lender establishes its own rules regarding opting out of future electronic communications and disclosures.
All notifications, disclosures and/or documents that we or any third party lender provide to you in electronic format will be provided either (i) via e-mail; (ii) by access to a secure customer service website which will be provided to you in an e-mail notice sent to you when the documents are available; (iii) by posting on this Site or the lender’s site; (iv) by SMS text messaging to your mobile device; or (v) by posting on a website designated for that purpose. All notifications, disclosures and/or documents provided in electronic or paper format from us or any third party lender to you will be considered “in writing,” and you should print a copy for your records. You may obtain any notifications, disclosures and/or documents in paper form without charge from us by printing them yourself from our website or the appropriate third party lender’s website when available. To access, view and retain the notifications, disclosures, and/or documents available to you in electronic form, you must have Internet access, sufficient electronic storage capacity, an e-mail account with an Internet service provider e-mail software.
You agree and intend the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act to apply to (i) your consent to receive notifications, disclosures and/or documents in electronic form; (ii) the information you provide, and (iii) our and/or any third party lenders’ ability to conduct business with you by electronic means.
By completing and submitting your information, you (i) agree to provide us with an accurate and complete e-mail address and other required information requested on this Site; (ii) confirm your consent to receive notifications, disclosures and/or documents from us and any third party lender in electronic format; (iii) affirmatively demonstrate your ability to access the notifications, disclosures and/or documents in electronic form; (iv) confirm that you have provided a current e-mail address at which electronic notifications, documents and/or disclosures can be sent to you; (v) acknowledge that you have read and reviewed the terms contained in this Electronic Disclosure section; and (vi) agree to the terms contained in this Electronic Disclosure section.
We and any third party lender, reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to discontinue electronic provision of notifications and/or documents. You will be provided with notice of any such termination or change as required by law.
To facilitate electronic commerce, to reduce the expense of records storage, and to obtain the benefits of faster access to records, you acknowledge and agree that all records may be stored electronically; and that neither we nor any third party lender will retain and have no obligation to retain any original or electronic documents for any period of time beyond the regulatory requirements. This applies to all notifications, disclosures and/or documentation. You further acknowledge and understand that all original and electronic notification, disclosures and/or documentation will be routinely destroyed, but not before the period of time designated by regulatory requirements. Records may be stored electronically via imaging, scanning, filming or other technology used for the storage of documentation via internal processes or third-party processors that we or any third party lender approve for these services. You agree that such storage shall be secure, and further agree that such records shall for all purposes be recognized and admissible in evidence or otherwise to prove the agreements, rights and obligations of the parties pursuant to any such records. We will retain your information for as long as needed to provide you services. If you wish to request that we no longer use your information to provide you services please contact us at support@soniccash.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Third Party Sites
Please be advised that in certain circumstances, we act as a limited agent for the actual third party lender or seller of the products and/or services available at or through the website. In these circumstances: (a) you will be redirected to the applicable third party lender’s or seller’s website after you have submitted your information; (b) we will collect and send your personal information to the respective third party lender or seller in connection with completing your application or purchase from the third party lenders or seller, as applicable; and (c) your application or purchase will subject you to the third party lender’s or seller’s privacy policy, as applicable. We do not endorse, nor are we responsible for the accuracy of the privacy policies and/or terms and conditions of each of the third party lenders or sellers that may advertise at the website. The entities that advertise and/or place banner ads at the website, including but not limited to these third party lenders and sellers, are independent third parties and are not affiliated with us. In addition, our website contains links to other third party websites and note that their privacy policy will govern the collection and use practices while on their website.
Display Advertising
Our site has implemented Google Analytics features based on Display Advertising such as Remarketing and Google Display Network Impression Reporting. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings at www.google.com. We use Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online. Third-party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites across the Internet. We and our third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone’s past visits to our website and to report how our ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our site.
Your Opt-Out Rights
You may opt-out of receiving communications from us and or our third-party associates by not submitting your information. During registration and/or when you submit personally identifiable information to us at the website, you have opted-in to request that we share your personal information with third parties to receive marketing communications for the specific purposes of receiving offers that you have applied for on our websites. When contacted by any of these companies or third parties, you should notify them directly of your choices regarding their use and sharing of your information and to opt-out of receiving additional offers from them or any other third party with whom we have shared your information (see “The Way We Use Information” above). As noted, we use personal information to provide promotional offers through direct marketing, including without limitation e-mail, telephone, or SMS Messages Service to our website users. We may maintain separate e-mail lists for different purposes. If e-mail recipients wish to end their e-mail subscription from a particular list, they need to follow the instructions at the end of each e-mail message to unsubscribe from the particular list. To opt-out from receiving any additional email communications regarding the website, please send your request in writing via email to support@soniccash.com.
In addition, please note that if you subsequently sign up at one of our other websites for other product or service offerings, you will need to again address any information sharing preferences that you had previously established through this website.
Access to Personally Identifiable Information
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If your personally identifiable information changes, if you wish to cancel your account or if you no longer desire our service, you may resubmit your request for information or services or request we no longer use the information previously collected by contacting us at support@soniccash.com. We will respond to your request for access within 30 days. The foregoing notwithstanding, we will retain your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of children is especially important. For this reason, we never collect or maintain personal information at our website from those whom we know are under the age of 18 years old. In the event that information is inadvertently collected from children, it will not knowingly be used for any marketing or promotional purposes whatsoever, either inside or outside of our website. If we obtain actual knowledge that such information has been collected, that information will be immediately deleted from our database. The information and services provided by us or our affiliates, sponsors, and advertisers are not intended to be viewed by persons under 18 years old.
Use of Tracking Technologies
Our websites and mobile sites use cookies to enhance and personalize your online experience and to enable our websites or mobile sites to recognize you as a previous visitor. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website’s computer and stored on your computer’s hard drive. You can adjust the settings on your browser to erase or block such technologies from your computer if you want to, but if you do so, you will not be able to use or access the soniccash.com Web Services.
Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites. Many sites do this whenever a user visits their website in order to track online traffic flows. Cookies record information about your online preferences and may be tied to your personally identifiable information such as your email address for these purposes. Users have the opportunity to set their computers to accept all cookies, to notify them when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies at any time. Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.
Our websites and mobile sites also allow its partners and advertisers that are presenting advertisements on the soniccash.com Web Services to set their cookies, or apply web beacons or similar technologies, to your computer. We have no access or control of these third party tracking technologies. This information may be used to: provide security within shopping baskets or transactions; authenticate your Screen Name before you can access your Personal Information or Web Services Account for added security; personalize features of the soniccash.com Web Services; enable you to participate in certain online activities, such as making sure that each person only votes in an online poll once; help measure and research the effectiveness of the soniccash.com Web Services, including collecting statistics on your response to advertisements, e-mail and other communications you receive; remember the preferences and registration data that you give us.
Our websites, mobile sites, and our associated third parties may also use ad network providers to help present advertisements on soniccash.com Web Services and other websites. These ad network providers may use cookies, or web beacons or similar technologies on your computer to tailor content, advertisements to your preferences, help target, measure and track your visits and the effectiveness of advertisements and promotions, using data gathered over time and across their networks of Web pages to determine or predict the characteristics and preferences of their audience and to provide security within shopping baskets or transactions. The use of cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one.
Changes in this Privacy Statement
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email, SMS Messages or by means of a notice on our websites prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email at support@soniccash.com.
PAYDAY LOANS
Payday Loans: Fact or Fiction
Payday vs Tax Refund Loan
Payday Loan Resources
COMPANY
About Us
FAQ’s
Contact Us
How it Works
NOTICES
Disclosures
Privacy Policy
Fraudulent Collections Alert
Tweet
Disclaimer: This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation to lend. SonicCash.com is not a lender and does not make loans or credit decisions. SonicCash.com provides a matching service only and is not acting as a representative, agent, or correspondent for any of the lenders we contract with. SonicCash.com does not control and is not responsible for the actions or inactions of any lender. SonicCash.com does not endorse any particular lender or loan product. You are under no obligation to use SonicCash's service to initiate contact, or apply for credit with any of the lenders. This service is not available in all States and the service availability and scope are subject to change without notice. Subject to our Privacy Policy, SonicCash.com will transfer your information to lenders in our program and other service providers and marketing companies with which we do business. SonicCash.com does not guarantee that completing an application form will result in your being matched with a lender, being offered a loan product with satisfactory rates or terms, or receiving a loan from a lender.
Copyright © 2002 - 2020 SonicCash All rights reserved.
MENU
About Us
FAQ’s
Contact Us
How it Works