https://sorghumgrowers.com/privacy-policy/
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the sorghumgrowers.com and National Sorghum Producers company and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to National Sorghum Producers include sorghumgrowers.com. The National Sorghum Producers website is a company information site. By using the National Sorghum Producers website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
National Sorghum Producers may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. National Sorghum Producers may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your location. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by National Sorghum Producers. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the National Sorghum Producers website.
National Sorghum Producers encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from National Sorghum Producers so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. National Sorghum Producers is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the National Sorghum Producers website.
Use of your Personal Information
National Sorghum Producers collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
National Sorghum Producers may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from National Sorghum Producers and its affiliates. National Sorghum Producers may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
National Sorghum Producers does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
National Sorghum Producers may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to National Sorghum Producers, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
National Sorghum Producers may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within National Sorghum Producers, in order to determine what National Sorghum Producers services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within National Sorghum Producers to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
National Sorghum Producers will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on National Sorghum Producers or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of National Sorghum Producers; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of National Sorghum Producers, or the public.
Security of your Personal Information
National Sorghum Producers secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Children Under Thirteen
National Sorghum Producers does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from National Sorghum Producers by contacting us here:
– Web page: sorghumgrowers.com
– Email: info@sorghumgrowers.com
Changes to this Statement
National Sorghum Producers will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. National Sorghum Producers encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how National Sorghum Producers is protecting your information.
Contact Information
National Sorghum Producers welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that National Sorghum Producers has not adhered to this Statement, please contact National Sorghum Producers at:
Effective as of January 1, 2019
Producer Information
COVID-19 Resources
NSP is committed to providing our producers with the most up-to-date information needed to keep their businesses running during these unprecedented times.
COVID-19 Resources
What You Need to Know
Risk Management
NSP has partnered with RMA to educate and engage producers on the most important risk management issues for farmers to consider. With a range of topics relevant to all crops, grain crops in particular, there is something for every producer!
Learn More