https://soundtraining.com/privacy-policy/
Blog
Audio
Video
About
Facilities
Staff
Location
Partners
Admissions
Apply
International Students
Financing
Courses
Masters by Research
Creative Music Production
Audio Production & MPM
Sound Engineering & Event Prod
Live Sound – Full Time
Sound Engineering – Full Time
Sound Engineering – Part Time
Ableton – Create, Record, Perform
Intro to DJ & Production
Intro to Studio, Live & EMP
Studio Summer Camp For Teens
Open Days
Online Courses
Music Academy
Productions
Media
Audio
Video
Alumni
Contact
Privacy Policy
Sound Training respects your right to privacy. Website visitors are advised that each time they visit a Sound Training website, there are two levels of information about their visit that can be retained. Firstly, Sound Training uses Google Analytics, to collect traffic data to help us analyse how visitors interact with the site (see more below). Secondly, information which is personal or particular to a specific visitor who knowingly chooses to provide that information, usually through an enquiry/application form. We will comply with data protection law, that states the personal information we hold is used lawfully, and fairly, collected only for valid purposes that we have explained to you and not in any way that is not compatible with those purposes. The information you provide will be relevant to the purposes we have told you and those only, we will aim to keep your information accurate and up to date, and kept securely and for only as long as the necessary purpose intended. We may also use your information in case of emergency or when we need to protect your vital interests (or someone else’s interests). You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
Marketing
Where you have explicitly consented to do so, we may use your personal data to
Contact you regarding new information that we believe may be of interest to you and the programme area(s) you have shown the interest in; and/or
Invite you to Open Days/Evenings relevant to your programme(s) of interest.
If you would prefer that we do not send such communications to you, please follow the opt-out links on any marketing message or contact us using the contact details on our website.
Collection methods and personal data use
Sound Training College and it’s affiliate websites do not collect any information that you do not volunteer to us through a Course application form or a general inquiry. The information you provide to us will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality and will be processed in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018. We may use the information you provide us for occasional remarketing purposes but we will never release your information to 3rd parties in this context. Sound Training will only use the data provided to us for the purpose of the request intended. If you have any issues or questions about this you can email info@soundtraining.com. We will need to share your data to perform our obligations and exercise our rights under agreements made with you in coordination with our relevant education partners. This may include attendance and assessment correspondence. We are obliged to provide certain personal information, including attendance records, to the Department of Justice regarding non-EEA visa requiring students. If you are under 18, we may share your personal data with your parents or guardians in order to perform our contract, comply with our legal obligations and if it is in your vital interests. As for Sound Training Online we do not have access to any credit/debit card information we use Stripe & Paywhirl for subscription services and we cannot access any of the details apart from your name, email address and any other information you volunteer to us. You can find Paywhirl’s privacy policy here & Stripe’s privacy policy here. If you have any issue or questions regarding the information we have for you please email online@soundtraining.com
Non-Personal Information
We may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of internet browsers you use on the site from which you linked to our website. We cannot identify you, or any information in relation to you. The information we do take only helps to assist us in providing an effective service while you browse our websites.
An IP address is an identifier for a computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (TCP/IP) network, such as the World Wide Web. Networks use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on the IP address of the destination. In other words, an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web, allowing Web servers to locate and identify your computer. Computers require IP addresses in order for users to communicate on the Internet, browse and shop.
A URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is the global address of documents and other resources on the World Wide Web. For example, http://www.soundtraining.com is the URL for www.soundtraining.com Home Page.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognise your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember a process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. Sound Training College uses Google Analytics (a tool which uses cookies) to collect traffic data to help us analyse how visitors interact with the site. Information such as what page you entered the website, what pages you visited, and what page you exited are all analysed. They are used to collect anonymous data on user behaviour and not used to personally identify a visitor. It is the policy of Sound Training College not to disclose such technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third party apart from STC’s internet service provider, unless we are required to disclose that information by law. For further information on the privacy on Google Analytics data, including details of how to opt-out, please visit: http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
info@soundtraining.com
Sound Training College
31 East Essex Street,
Temple Bar,
Dublin 2
Last edited 25/05/2018
© 2020
Sound Training College
All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer -
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Convert to wordpress by
DigitalEire