https://soundtraining.com/terms-and-conditions/
Blog
Audio
Video
About
Facilities
Staff
Location
Partners
Admissions
Apply
International Students
Financing
Courses
Masters by Research
Creative Music Production
Audio Production & MPM
Sound Engineering & Event Prod
Live Sound – Full Time
Sound Engineering – Full Time
Sound Engineering – Part Time
Ableton – Create, Record, Perform
Intro to DJ & Production
Intro to Studio, Live & EMP
Studio Summer Camp For Teens
Open Days
Online Courses
Music Academy
Productions
Media
Audio
Video
Alumni
Contact
Student Terms And Conditions
General:
Students are bound to to the rules & regulations of the awarding institution whilst studying at STC.
Students are bound to Sound Training College (STC) rules and regulations in regards to their enrolled course. all of which can be found in the relevant student handbook.
Regular attendance at STC is a requirement for any of our courses where assessment is ongoing; students who miss large amounts of time during the academic year may be summoned to meet with the course coordinator.
Whilst studying at STC, students may be photographed or filmed whilst engaging in college projects or activities. Enrolled students hereby consent to the use of their image for college promotional activities. If you have an issue with this, please see a member of staff.
All courses will commence subject to student demand.
STC reserves the right to change any details in marketing/promotional material.
Fees: (specific to STC awarded courses)
Upon payment of deposit, the applicant has accepted a place on their chosen course. The applicant has thus committed to paying full course fees.
Deposits are non-refundable.
Should a student commence a course and subsequently withdraw or defer from the course at any stage, full fees remain due at that point. Where a payment plan is in place with STC, this payment plan must be adhered to.
Any student who is expelled for serious misbehaviour will be liable for the full cost of their course, and any fees paid will be non-refundable.
Where a student account is in arrears, access to certain STC facilities (e.g. access to online content, labs, studio facilities) will be suspended. Other sanctions may also be imposed by STC.
Refunds/Student Visas:
(specific to STC awarded courses)
With the exception of extreme circumstances (at the discretion of Management), fees are non-refundable.
In the case of visa refusal for Non-EU International Students who are resident overseas, fees will be refunded less an administration fee of €150. A copy of the visa refusal letter from the Irish Department of Justice must be forwarded to our Admissions Office when requesting a refund.
Where a visa is required to be renewed during a student's course of study at STC, it is the responsibility of the student to check with the relevant authorities that the renewal application will be approved.
Web Terms And Conditions
Agreement Between User And Sound Training College / Sound Training Online
Sound Training College/Sound Training Online Web Site is comprised of various Web pages operated by Sound Training College/Sound Training Online. The Sound Training College/Sound Training Online Web Site is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of the Sound Training College/Sound Training Online Web Site constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices.
Modification Of These Terms Of Use
Sound Training College/Sound Training Online reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which the Sound Training College/Sound Training Online Web Site is offered, including but not limited to the charges associated with the use of the Sound Training College/Sound Training Online Web Site.
Links To Third Party Sites
The Sound Training College/Sound Training Online Web Site may contain links to other Web Sites ("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites are not under the control of Sound Training College/Sound Training Online and Sound Training College/Sound Training Online is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. Sound Training College/Sound Training Online is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site. Sound Training College/Sound Training Online is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Sound Training College/Sound Training Online of the site or any association with its operators.
No Unlawful Or Prohibited Use
As a condition of your use of the Sound Training College/Sound Training Online Web Site, you warrant to Sound Training College/Sound Training Online that you will not use the Sound Training College/Sound Training Online Web Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the Sound Training College/Sound Training Online Web Site in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Sound Training College/Sound Training Online Web Site or interfere with any other partys use and enjoyment of the Sound Training College/Sound Training Online Web Site. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Sound Training College/Sound Training Online Web Sites.
Use Of Communication Services
The Sound Training College/Sound Training Online Web Site may contain bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, "Communication Services"), you agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not:
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.
Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents.
Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer.
Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages.
Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters.
Download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services.
Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service.
Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent.
Violate any applicable laws or regulations.
Sound Training College/Sound Training Online has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, Sound Training College/Sound Training Online reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. Sound Training College/Sound Training Online reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
Sound Training College/Sound Training Online reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in Sound Training College/Sound Training Online sole discretion.
Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your children in any Communication Service. Sound Training College/Sound Training Online does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, Sound Training College/Sound Training Online specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Communication Service. Managers and hosts are not authorized Sound Training College/Sound Training Online spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of Sound Training College/Sound Training Online. Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you download the materials.
MATERIALS PROVIDED TO Sound Training College/Sound Training Online OR POSTED AT ANY Sound Training College/Sound Training Online WEB SITE
Sound Training College/Sound Training Online does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to Sound Training College/Sound Training Online (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any Sound Training College/Sound Training Online Web Site or its associated services (collectively "Submissions"). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you are granting Sound Training College/Sound Training Online, its affiliated companies and necessary sublicensees permission to use your Submission in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submission; and to publish your name in connection with your Submission. No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein. Sound Training College/Sound Training Online is under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and may remove any Submission at any time in Sound Training College/Sound Training Online sole discretion. By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submission as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions.
© 2020
Sound Training College
All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer -
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Convert to wordpress by
DigitalEire