https://sourceoutdoor.com/en/content/1-terms-and-conditions
Home > Terms and ConditionsTerms and ConditionsCompany name: SOURCE Vagabond Systems Ltd. Company number: 511588345Privacy NoticeOur Privacy CommitmentSOURCE is totally committed to protecting your privacy. The information you provide us is used to process orders and to assist us in providing you with a more personalized shopping experience. SourceOutdoor.com utilizes every available technology to ensure that your confidential information remains secure. SOURCE holds your email address in strictest confidence. We do not sell, give away, or otherwise distribute your address to any third party.Collecting and Using Your InformationWhen you place an order, we'll ask you for your name, email address, mailing address, and credit card number with expiration date. This information allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. Occasionally, we may use your email address to deliver information regarding important functionality changes to our website, new services, and special offers that might be of interest to you.ShippingWorldwide Registered Airmail shipping is FREE for all orders over $65 (USD). International Express Mail Service (EMS) is available for an additional fee ($15).For orders up to $65 (USD): the Registered Airmail fee is $8 USD; Express Mail Service (EMS) fee is $25 USD.Registered airmail - With Registered Airmail please allow up to 2 weeks to Europe/USA, and 3 weeks to Australia. Registered Airmail offers limited Internet tracking of your order. During Black Friday sale, shipping time may extend up to two weeks.Express Mail Service (EMS): Express Mail Service (EMS) guarantees delivery time within 4-8 business days to major destinations in Europe and North America, with full Internet tracking of your order. Express Mail Service is offered by 200 postal administrations worldwide.During Black Friday sale, shipping time may extend up to two weeks.Please Note:On international orders, the recipient is responsible for payment of applicable duties, taxes and other fees- we recommend inquiring prior to ordering, Sometimes customs authorities conduct random inspections that may cause delays.Products are shipped from Israel.Shipping fees are non-refundable.Shipment TrackingSubmit your email address and you will automatically receive the tracking information.Return policyReturns or exchanges of products that were purchased through our online store can only be made within 30 days of the original invoice date.All returned products must be clean and free of wear and tear. Dirty or used products will not be accepted.Every product that is sent to SOURCE must be sent with the following information:Customer name, address and contact information (Tel, Fax, etc.).Proof of purchaseDescription of the problemPlease note:Returned products must be unused and in original condition, including the original packaging and tags.Products that arrive at SOURCE without the above information will be returned to the customer.Shipping charges of returned or exchanged products will be covered by the customer.C.O.D shipment (Cash on Delivery) will not be accepted.Replaced or repaired products will be sent to the customer within up to 4 weeks from date of arrival at SOURCE.Return address:SOURCEInternet departmentHatnufa 7Tirat Carmel 30250IsraelShopping informationAt any time while shopping at a SOURCE online store, items can be selected for purchase by simply clicking the "Add to Cart" button. You always have the ability to view selected items in your Shopping Cart or return to the store by clicking the Cart icon located at the top of every screen.When you're finished shopping, enter the cart and follow the instructions to complete the checkout process.NOTE: When you place an order, we'll ask you for your personal information and credit card number with expiration date. This information allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. For payment by some credit cards you have to add the 3 digits security number. The security numbers are the last 3 digits on the top right on the back of the card. Without those 3 digits we will not be able to confirm the transaction and the order will be refused.Using "Cookies""Cookies" are small bits of information stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Like most ecommerce sites today, SourceOutdoor.com uses cookies to provide better service. Our cookies do not contain any personal information, but they do store your settings and remember the contents of your shopping cart as you travel through the site or between visits. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies.PasswordKeep your password private and avoid disclosing it to any third parties. If others have access to your password your personal information could be compromised.Important noticeIn the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with their reporting rules and procedures.Sandal sizingWe have created a simple tool that helps you choose your correct SOURCE sandal size.Click here to view.SOURCE Commercial Warranty PolicyHydration:SOURCE bladders, backpacks, and accessories are supported by a manufacturer guarantee provided for a 24 month period from the date of purchase. The Guarantee covers manufacturing defects in materials and workmanship. SOURCE will repair or replace at its discretion any manufacturing defect in these products free of charge. The Guarantee does not cover damage caused by normal wear and tear, tactical use, accident, improper care, improper cleaning, negligence or non-standard usage. SOURCE outlet products carry a 3 months warranty.Product must be purchased from an authorized reseller, and proof of purchase must be provided along with the submission for repair. Repair by anyone other than SOURCE or an approved agent voids this warranty.Footwear:SOURCE sandals are supported by a manufacturer guarantee provided for a 24 month period from the date of purchase. The Guarantee covers manufacturing defects in materials and workmanship. SOURCE will repair or replace at its discretion any manufacturing defect in these products free of charge. The Guarantee does not cover damage caused by normal wear and tear, accident, improper care, improper cleaning, negligence or non-standard usage. Flip-flops are not warranted. SOURCE outlet products carry a 3 months warranty.Product must be purchased from an authorized dealer, and proof of purchase must be provided along with the submission for repair. Repair by anyone other than SOURCE or an approved agent voids this warranty.For detailed use, care and storage instructions please visit the product pages.To submit a warranty claim click here.Tell Us What You ThinkPlease use our Contact form to provide feedback. We welcome any ideas, questions and comments.