https://southmet.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy StatementWhat does South Metro Federal Credit Union do with your personal information?WHY? Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.WHAT? The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:Social Security number and incomeaccount balances and payment historycredit history and credit scoresWhen you are no longer our member, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.HOW? All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons South Metro Federal Credit Union chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.<< Read our complete Privacy Statement
Download our complete Privacy Policy
Website Privacy PolicySouth Metro Federal Credit Union uses Google Analytics to track visitor statistics on southmet.com. Google Analytics records:What website you came from to get hereHow long you stayWhat kind of computer you’re usingAnd quite a bit moreOccasionally, we review these statistics to learn more about the number of visitors this site receives and browsers being used. No personally identifying data is included in this type of reporting. All activity falls within the bounds of the Google Analytics Terms of Service. This information is used to compile statistics on site usage. SMFCU does not sell member data to third parties, whether it is gained online or already exists on the host system.Want to opt out of tracking? You can opt out of Google’s advertising tracking cookie or use a browser plugin to opt out of all Google Analytics tracking software.EmailWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. Personal information gathered from e-mail sent by website visitors may be used by staff to answer questions, follow-up on suggestions or to provide a product or service. This information is never sold, given, or disclosed to third parties. You should never send confidential information such as account numbers, credit card numbers or requests for financial transactions via e-mail. If you wish to communicate personal information, contact us by phone or mail using the contact info here.Visitor comments and messages may be checked through an automated spam detection service.To provide you with greater access of information, southmet.com contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of third-party websites. If you have questions or comments about our website privacy practices, please contact MemberServices@SouthMet.com.Children’s Online Privacy Protection PolicySouth Metro Federal Credit Union may collect information on, dates and times of visits, and number of page views.
This information contains no personal information.
It shall only be used to keep track of usage of our site, and it shall help to continue to improve the overall value of our site.
Visitor information is never sold, given, or discussed with third parties.If young members send us an email with their personal information to answer a quiz, submit a story, send a recipe, etc., we shall respond to their email as appropriate and may keep the email address for sending information about the kids’ section of our website or about South Metro Federal Credit Union.If you are a parent of a child who has sent emails to us regarding items posted to our website, you have the right to review the information your child has sent to us.
If we collect your child’s personal information for purposes of responding more than once to a specific request from your child, you have the right to refuse to permit further contact with your child and to require that we delete your child’s information.We shall not sell, give, or share their personal information to/with any third-party vendor or any other organization.
We shall not require a child to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in an activity.We are committed to protecting our young members and shall comply with all COPPA notice requirements.Thank you for visiting our web site!
Download our Social Media Policy
Get there. Start here.Join Today.
Loans Checking Savings Credit Cards Business Accounts Lost or Stolen Card Applications
Virtual Banking Investments Budgeting Tools Financial Education Services Protecting Your Finances DisclosuresSubscribe for Email Updates
Branch Locations Who We Are Careers Fee Schedule Become a Member Website Terms of Use PRIVACY POLICY
Routing #: 091981646  |  NMLS ID # 1059389WEBSITE ACCESSIBILITY NOTICE We at South Metro Federal Credit Union are committed to the digital inclusion and providing a website that is accessible to the widest possible audience in accordance with certain standards and guidelines. We are striving consistently to conform to WCAG 2.0 Level AA of accessibility. If you run into any barriers, please reach out to us at 952-445-0888 or MemberServices@SouthMet.com.
© Copyright 2020. All rights reserved. South Metro Federal Credit Union.    SEND US A SECURE EMAIL
Need Help?Call 952-445-0888 to contact us. We're eager to help!