http://speakman.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentHomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for accessing the Speakman.com Website (“Site”) operated by Speakman Company (“Speakman”). We respect your privacy and want to protect your personal information. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and (under certain conditions) disclose your personal information. This Privacy Policy also explains the steps we have taken to secure your personal information. Finally, this Privacy Policy explains your options regarding the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. By visiting the Site directly or through another site, you agree to and accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to the Site and to our social media pages and apps located at Facebook (www.facebook.com/SpeakmanCompany), Pinterest (https://www.pinterest.com/speakmancompany/), YouTube (https://www.youtube.com/user/SpeakmanCo), Instagram (www.instagram.com/speakmancompany), LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/company-beta/1102242/) and Twitter (www.twitter.com/SpeakmanCompany?lang=en). This Privacy Policy does not necessarily apply to any offline collection of your personal information. Please see below for details.We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any website not operated by Speakman to which the Site or any of our social media accounts link or that links to the Site or on any of our social media accounts (“Outside Sites”). Your use of any Outside Sites is at your own risk and subject to the Outside Sites’ policies, if any. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE Information Collection (a) Reasons for Collecting Information: We collect information from you in several different ways on this Site. One goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide an efficient, meaningful, and customized experience. For example, we may use your personal information to: (i) help make the Site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once, (ii) help you quickly find information, products, and services, (iii) help us create content that is most relevant to you, (iv) alert you to new information, products, and services that we offer, (v) analyze trends and improve our products and services, and (vi) gather demographic information regarding our user and customer base, as a whole. (b) Registration and Ordering: Before using certain parts of the Site or ordering products, you may complete an online registration form. During registration, you will be prompted to provide to us certain personal information, including but not limited to: your name, shipping and billing address(es), phone number, email address, and credit card number. In addition, we may also ask you for your country of residence and/or your organization’s country of operation, so we can comply with applicable laws and regulations, and for your gender. These kinds of personal information are used for billing purposes, to fulfill your orders, to communicate with you about your order and the Site, and for internal marketing purposes. If we encounter a problem when processing your order, your personal information may be used to contact you. (c) Email Addresses: Certain locations of the Site or our social media accounts may permit you to enter your email address for certain purposes including but not limited to: registration for a contest or sweepstakes, to request us to notify you of new products, and to sign up for email newsletters and special offers. Your participation in a contest or sweepstakes is completely voluntary, so you have a choice whether to participate and whether to disclose information to us. We use this information to notify contest and sweepstakes winners and to award prizes. We may post on the Site or on our social media accounts the names and cities of contest and sweepstakes winners. By entering a contest or sweepstakes, you may be opting in to receive our email newsletter and special offers and this will be disclosed in the official rules governing the particular contest or sweepstakes entered. (d) Cookies and Other Technology: Like many websites, the Site employs cookies and web beacons (also known as clear GIF technology or “action tags”) to speed up your navigation of the Site, recognize you and your access privileges, customize your experience and track your Site usage. (i) Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your Internet browser on your computer’s hard drive. Most Internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to refuse cookies from websites or to remove cookies from your hard drive, but if you do, you may not be able to access or use portions of the Site. The use of cookies enables you to select products, place them in an online shopping cart and to purchase those products. If you do this, we keep a record of your browsing activity and purchases. THE SITE’S COOKIES DO NOT AND CANNOT INFILTRATE A USER’S HARD DRIVE TO GATHER A USER’S CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. Our cookies are not “spyware”. (ii) Web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help us determine whether a webpage on the Site has been viewed and, if so, how many times. For example, any electronic image on the Site, such as an ad banner, can function as a web beacon. We cannot guarantee that the Site will honor all personal browser preferences. In particular, the Site may not honor “Do Not Track” or “DNT” browser signals. As the Site is updated and refined, we will take reasonable steps to implement technology that will honor such requests in the future. (e) Log Files: As is true of most websites, the Site server automatically recognizes the Internet URL from which you access the Site. We may also log your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, Internet service provider, and date/time stamp for system administration, order verification, internal marketing, and system troubleshooting purposes. (An IP address may indicate the location of your computer on the Internet.) (f) Age: We respect children’s privacy. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under age 13. Elsewhere on the Site, you have represented and warranted that you are either 18 years of age or using the Site with the supervision of a parent or guardian. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information to us, and rely on a parent or guardian to assist you. If we learn that we have inadvertently collected or received personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe that we might have any personal information from or about a child under age 13, please contact us at 844-SPEAKMAN (773-2562) or support@speakman.com. (g) User Contributions: You may choose to post or publish information on a public area of the Site or on any of our social media accounts, including but not limited to posting a product review. If you post a review, we will ask for your email address and geographic location and your geographic location will be visible to other users (your email address will be kept private). Also, any personally identifiable information that you submit as part of the review or otherwise post on a public area of the Site or on any of our social media accounts may be read or used by other visitors to the Site or our social media accounts. We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to submit as part of your review or otherwise post on the Site or on any of our social media accounts. We believe you can post a helpful review without disclosing any personal information. Information Use and Disclosure (a) Internal Use: We use your personal information to process your order and provide you with customer service. We may internally use your personal information to improve the Site’s content and layout, to improve outreach and for our own marketing efforts (including marketing our services and products to you), and to determine general marketplace information about visitors to the Site. In order to facilitate such use and the other uses described herein, we may share your information with affiliates under Speakman’s control. (b) Communications with You: We will use your personal information to communicate with you about the Site and your orders and deliveries. We may send you a confirmation email when you register with us. Also, you may submit your email address for reasons such as to register for a contest or sweepstakes, to request us to notify you of new products, and to sign up for email newsletters and special offers. If you submit your email address, we will use it to deliver the requested information to you. We always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails (see the opt out section, below, for more details). Because we have to communicate with you about orders that you choose to place, you cannot opt out of receiving emails related to your orders. (c) External Use: We do not sell, rent, trade, license or otherwise disclose your specific personal information or financial information to anyone other than to affiliates under Speakman’s control, except that: (i) We sometimes use others to perform specific functions on our behalf. When we disclose information to these service providers, we disclose information to help them to perform their service. For example, in order to deliver products to you, we must share some information. We partner with third parties (such as the U.S. Postal Service, United Parcel Service, and Federal Express) to ship products, to ensure delivery, and so that we can obtain feedback, improve the quality of our service, and measure and improve the quality of the service of the third party. In the example of shippers, we provide them some personally identifiable information such as your name, shipping address, email, and phone number. (ii) To help you buy products and provide customer service to you, we must provide your credit card number to financial-services corporations such as credit-card processors and issuers. When we submit your credit card number for authorization, we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information. (More on this below in Data Security.) (iii) We may disclose such information in response to requests from law enforcement officials conducting investigations; subpoenas; a court order; or if we are otherwise required to disclose such information by law. We also will release personal information where disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights, enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements, or to protect ourselves or others. For example, we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone uses or attempts to use the Site for illegal reasons or to commit fraud. (iv) We will not sell (or trade or rent) personally identifiable information to other companies as part of our regular course of business. However, it’s possible that we might acquire or merge with or be acquired by another company or that we might dispose of some or all of our assets. If that happens, your personal information may be disclosed to another company, but that disclosure will be subject to the Privacy Policy then in effect. (v) We may share non-personal information (such as the number of daily visitors to a particular web page, or the size of an order placed on a certain date) with third parties such as advertising partners. HOWEVER, WE WILL NOT DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR THE THIRD PARTIES’ USE IN DIRECT MARKTETING. Any information that we provide to a third party will not personally identify you or any user. (vi) We may publicly disclose the name, city, and state of the contest and sweepstakes winners. DATA SECURITY The Site incorporates physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, including Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) for all financial transactions through the Site. We use SSL encryption to protect your personal information online, and we also take several steps to protect your personal information in our facilities. Access to your personal information is restricted. Only employees who need access to your personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to your personal information. Finally, we rely on third-party service providers for the physical security of some of our computer hardware. We believe that their security procedures are adequate. While we use industry-standard precautions to safeguard your personal information, we cannot and do not guarantee complete security. If you have reason to believe that any personal information that you have provided to us through the Site or our social media accounts is not secure or has been compromised, please contact us promptly by call or emailing us at 44-SPEAKMAN (773-2562) or support@speakman.com. OPT OUT/CORRECTIONS Upon your request, we will (a) correct or update your personal information, (b) stop sending emails to your email address, and/or (c) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account. You can make these requests by telephoning, or emailing your request to Speakman’s Customer Service Team at 844-SPEAKMAN (773-2562) or support@speakman.com. OFFLINE COLLECTION, USE & DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION The majority of information that we collect is obtained through the Site and our social media accounts, and this Privacy Policy applies only to that online collection of personal information. We also may collect information offline, where we also try to protect the privacy of your personal information. One example involves someone calling us to place an order or to ask questions. When someone calls, we will ask only for the personal information we need in order to place the order or to answer the question. There are other ways we could learn of personal information offline, and this Policy doesn’t list all of those methods or uses. We will try to treat offline collection, uses, and disclosures consistently with our relevant online privacy practices. NOTICE TO CALIFONRIAL CUSTOMERS As noted above, we do not disclose personally identifiable information to any unaffiliated third parties for third-party direct marketing purposes. As such, we believe that California Civil Code § 1798.83 does not apply. Nevertheless, if you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us, you may contact with any questions you may have regarding this Privacy Policy and our use of information collected through the Site or our social media accounts. Please contact us as follows: Speakman Company Attn: Privacy Team Speakman Company 400 Anchor Mill Rd. New Castle, DE 19720 844-SPEAKMAN (773-2562) support@speakman.comINTERNATIONAL USERS The Site is maintained and operated in the United States of America (“USA”) and is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdictions of any country, territory or jurisdiction other than the USA. By accessing or using the Site or any of our social media accounts, you authorize the export and transfer of your personal information to the USA and its storage, processing and use in the USA as specified in this policy. If you are located in a country other than the USA (e.g., in the European Union (“EU”)) and you choose to provide us with personal information, you are responsible for ensuring that such information complies with all local data protection laws (e.g., EU local data protection laws). We are not responsible under such laws for the information that you may provide to, on or through the Site.Without limiting the foregoing, we advise any user of the Site or our social media accounts who is located in the European Union that your personal information may, at times, be accessible by individuals who are located throughout the world, including in countries that the European Commission has determined do not provide the same level of data protection as in your home country. By providing us with your personal information, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with his Privacy Policy, including the transfer of personal information across international boundaries to jurisdictions located anywhere in the world, including the USA. UPDATES TO THIS POLICY From time to time we may change our privacy policies. If we change or update this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting changes and updates on the Site so that you will always be aware of what information we collect, use and disclose. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time so you will know if the Privacy Policy has been changed or updated. Your continued use of the Site after we make any changes to this Privacy Policy is deemed to be acceptance of those changes. If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy, please contact us at (email address) or call us at 844-773-2562.Effective June 15, 2017