https://specializedelectronics.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
1-800-681-737410890 Alder Circle Dallas, TX 75238Facebook page opens in new window
About Us Our Facilities Services Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Specialized Electronic Services Privacy Policy:
Specialized Electronics Services promises not to give or sell your personal information to any other party ever. E-mail addresses will not be sold, rented or leased to 3rd parties.
Websites linking to this page have chosen to adopt this generic privacy policy as their own. This means that they agree to abide by the principles laid out below as well.
Information that is gathered from visitors
As on other websites, no log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor’s IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit.
Cookies will not be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website.
Where registration is required, the visitor’s email and a username will be stored on the server.
How the Information is used
The information is used to enhance the visitor’s experience when using the website to display personalized content and possibly advertising.
E-mail may be sent to inform you of news of our services or offers by us.
Visitor Options
If you have subscribed to one of our services, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions which are included in e-mail that you receive.
Search:
Call Toll Free 1-800-681-7374
Products & Manufacturers
ABB Drives
Allen Bradley VFD
Altivar Drives
Baldor VFD
Carotron Drives
Cleveland Motion Controls
Control Techniques Drives
Cutler Hammer VFD
Danfoss VFD Drives
Elektrim Motors
Emerson VFD Drives
ESA VFD Drives
Eurotherm Drives
Fairford Electronics Soft Starters
Fuji VFD Drives
GE VFD Drives
GE Fanuc PLC’s
Graham Drives
Hitachi VFD
Indramat Drive Repair
Invertek Drives
KEP VFD Repair
Kollmorgen Drives
Magnetek Drives
Modicon PLC Repair
Motortronics Soft Start Repair
Nexen Drives
Pacific Scientific Drives
Polyspede Drives
Robicon Drives
Saftronics Drives
Schneider Electric Drives
SEW Eurodrive
SIEMENS VFD Repair
SoftPLC Repair
Smith Power Systems
Square D VFD
Stober Drives
TB Woods Drives
TECO Westinghouse VFD
Telemecanique VFD
Toshiba VFD
US Drives Repair
Unitronics PLC
Yaskawa VFD Drives
Laser Repair
Products & Manufacturers Complete List
Privacy Policy
Call Now! 1-800-681-7374
We are an accredited business with the Better Business Bureau in the United States.
Go to Top