https://spectrumconcessions.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, applicable laws and regulations and their compliance. If you disagree with any of the stated terms and conditions, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this site are secured by relevant copyright and trade mark law.
Use License
Permission is allowed to temporarily download one duplicate of the materials (data or programming) on Spectrum Concessions’s site for individual and non-business use only. This is the just a permit of license and not an exchange of title, and under this permit you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial use , or for any public presentation (business or non-business);
attempt to decompile or rebuild any product or material contained on Spectrum Concessions’s site;
remove any copyright or other restrictive documentations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to someone else or even “mirror” the materials on other server.
This permit might consequently be terminated if you disregard any of these confinements and may be ended by Spectrum Concessions whenever deemed. After permit termination or when your viewing permit is terminated, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your ownership whether in electronic or printed form.
Disclaimer
The materials on Spectrum Concessions’s site are given “as is”. Spectrum Concessions makes no guarantees, communicated or suggested, and thus renounces and nullifies every single other warranties, including without impediment, inferred guarantees or states of merchantability, fitness for a specific reason, or non-encroachment of licensed property or other infringement of rights. Further, Spectrum Concessions does not warrant or make any representations concerning the precision, likely results, or unwavering quality of the utilization of the materials on its Internet site or generally identifying with such materials or on any destinations connected to this website.
Constraints
In no occasion should Spectrum Concessions or its suppliers subject for any harms (counting, without constraint, harms for loss of information or benefit, or because of business interference,) emerging out of the utilization or powerlessness to utilize the materials on Spectrum Concessions’s Internet webpage, regardless of the possibility that Spectrum Concessions or a Spectrum Concessions approved agent has been told orally or in written of the likelihood of such harm. Since a few purviews don’t permit constraints on inferred guarantees, or impediments of obligation for weighty or coincidental harms, these confinements may not make a difference to you.
Amendments and Errata
The materials showing up on Spectrum Concessions’s site could incorporate typographical, or photographic mistakes. Spectrum Concessions does not warrant that any of the materials on its site are exact, finished, or current. Spectrum Concessions may roll out improvements to the materials contained on its site whenever without notification. Spectrum Concessions does not, then again, make any dedication to update the materials.
Links
Ark generator has not checked on the majority of the websites or links connected to its website and is not in charge of the substance of any such connected webpage. The incorporation of any connection does not infer support by Ark generator of the site. Utilization of any such connected site is at the user’s own risk.
Site Terms of Use Modifications
Spectrum Concessions may update these terms of utilization for its website whenever without notification. By utilizing this site you are consenting to be bound by the then current form of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Governing Law
Any case identifying with Spectrum Concessions’s site should be administered by the laws of the country of Texas Spectrum Concessions State without respect to its contention of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critical to us. Likewise, we have built up this Policy with the end goal you should see how we gather, utilize, impart and reveal and make utilization of individual data. The following blueprints our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will gather and utilization of individual data singularly with the target of satisfying those reasons indicated by us and for other good purposes, unless we get the assent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will just hold individual data the length of essential for the satisfaction of those reasons.
We will gather individual data by legal and reasonable means and, where fitting, with the information or assent of the individual concerned.
Personal information ought to be important to the reasons for which it is to be utilized, and, to the degree essential for those reasons, ought to be exact, finished, and updated.
We will protect individual data by security shields against misfortune or burglary, and also unapproved access, divulgence, duplicating, use or alteration.
We will promptly provide customers with access to our policies and procedures for the administration of individual data.
We are focused on leading our business as per these standards with a specific end goal to guarantee that the privacy of individual data is secure and maintained.
Who we are
Our website address is: https://spectrumconcessions.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Scroll To Top