http://spencerengineering.com/privacy-policy/
W.G. Spencer Engineering Inc.
Delivering results, reliability & rock solid dependability
Safety, Security, Serviceability and Support
519-376-3528
057722 Concession 11
Tara, Ontario N0H 2N0, Canada
info@spencerengineering.com
Toggle navigation
Home
About
Services
Mechanical
Electrical
New Engineering Designs
Inspections
Customized Training
Portfolio
Career
Contact
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to our Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us.
Spencer Engineering is located at:
No. 057722 Conc. 11 Georgian Bluffs TaraN0H 2N0 – Ontario , Canada5193763528
It is Spencer Engineering’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to https://spencerengineering.com (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, or “https://spencerengineering.com”).
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the website.
We have adopted this Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties.
This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and Conditions posted on our website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our website.
Depending on your activities when visiting our website, you may be required to agree to additional Terms and Conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Spencer Engineering collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request.
Spencer Engineering’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Spencer Engineering’s visitors use its website.
From time to time, Spencer Engineering may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Spencer Engineering also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://spencerengineering.com blog posts.
Spencer Engineering only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Spencer Engineering’s websites choose to interact with Spencer Engineering in ways that require Spencer Engineering to gather personally-identifying information.
The amount and type of information that Spencer Engineering gathers depends on the nature of the interaction.
For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at https://spencerengineering.com to provide a username and email address.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To External Sites
Our service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us.
If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
Aggregated Statistics
Spencer Engineering may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website.
Spencer Engineering may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Spencer Engineering does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Spencer Engineering uses “Cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A Cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns.
Spencer Engineering uses Cookies to help Spencer Engineering identify and track visitors, their usage of https://spencerengineering.com, and their website access preferences.
Spencer Engineering visitors who do not wish to have Cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse Cookies before using Spencer Engineering’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Spencer Engineering’s websites may not function properly without the aid of Cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your Cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Spencer Engineering’s use of Cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Spencer Engineering may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Spencer Engineering’s sole discretion.
Spencer Engineering encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.
Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search for:
About Us We are an engineering firm specializing in Mechanical and Electrical Engineering for the mining industry.
Our specialties centre on the mine hoisting plant, which includes the hoists, cage, service and production conveyances, the electrical and mechanical control and braking, and all associated systems used in support of the hoisting plant.
Recent Posts
Coming soon…