https://srisearch.com/privacy-policy/
About Us
About Us
Our Process
Our Team
Diversity
SRI Values
Industries
Fashion
Finance & Insurance
Legal Practice
Marketing, Corporate Communications & PR
Pharmaceutical & Life Sciences
Supply Chain, Sourcing & Procurement
Clients
Solutions
Blog
Candidates
Contact
646-308-1311info@srisearch.com
Resume Upload
SRI Portal
Protecting your privacy is important to Strategic Recruiting, Inc. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains how Strategic Recruiting, Inc. collects, uses, and discloses the personal information you may provide while using Strategic Recruiting, Inc.’s srisearch.com web site and the content, information and services provided through the Web Site (collectively the “Web Site”).
YOUR CONSENT
1. By using the Web Site, you signify your consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Policy. Our service is for adults only and we do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 18. If you do not agree with this Policy, you may not use the Web Site.
INFORMATION AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED
2. Non-Identifiable Information – Like many other web sites, the Web Site automatically collects certain non-identifiable information regarding Web Site users, such as the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer, the IP address of your Internet Service Provider, the date and time you access the Web Site, the Internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to the Web Site, the operating system you are using, the sections of the Web Site you visit, the Web Site pages accessed and information viewed, and the materials you post to or download from the Web Site. This non-identifiable information is used for Web Site and system administration purposes and to improve the Web Site. Your non-identifiable information may be disclosed to others and permanently archived for future use.
3. Cookies – The Web Site uses “cookies”, a technology that installs information on a web site user’s computer to permit the Web Site to recognize future visits using that computer. Cookies enhance the convenience and use of the Web Site. For example, the information provided through cookies is used to recognize you as a previous user of the Web Site, to track your activity at the Web Site in order to respond to your needs, to offer personalized Web page content and information for your use, to automatically populate online forms with your personal information for your convenience, and to otherwise facilitate your Web Site experience.
Advertisements displayed on the Web Site may also contain cookies or other technologies. Those advertisements may be provided by third party advertising companies, and Strategic Recruiting, Inc. does not have any control over, or any responsibility or liability for, the cookies or other technologies used in the advertisements or for the use and disclosure of information collected through advertisement cookies.
You may choose to decline cookies if your browser permits, but doing so may affect your use of the Web Site and your ability to access or use certain Web Site features.
PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU SPECIFICALLY PROVIDE
4. Your Personal Information – During your use of the Web Site, you may be asked to voluntarily provide your résumé, curriculum vitae or other personal information (such as your name, e-mail address, postal address, telephone number) for purposes such as facilitating communications with you, applying for access to certain special features or areas of the Web Site, using Strategic Recruiting, Inc.’s employment-related services, carrying out transactions, or facilitating your use of the Web Site. If you choose not to provide certain requested personal information, you may not be able to use various features of the Web Site.
5. Use of Your Personal Information – Strategic Recruiting, Inc. may use your personal information to contact and correspond with you, to respond to your communications, to process transactions and charge for services, to facilitate and enhance your use of the Web Site, to provide you with information and services requested through the Web Site, and as otherwise permitted by law. Strategic Recruiting, Inc. may develop a confidential user profile for you, which will be used to facilitate your use of the Web Site. Additionally, Strategic Recruiting, Inc. may keep a record of all communications with you.
6. Email from Strategic Recruiting, Inc. – If you contact Strategic Recruiting, Inc. or otherwise indicate that you would like to receive email from Strategic Recruiting, Inc., then Strategic Recruiting, Inc. may send to you, from time to time, email or other communications containing information about Strategic Recruiting, Inc. and other matters (including third party products or services) it believes will interest you. At any time you may ask Strategic Recruiting, Inc. to stop sending you email and other information by sending an email to info@srisearch.com. From time to time, Strategic Recruiting, Inc. may also send you email containing important information regarding the Web Site, which you may not opt out of receiving.
7. Tracking Information – Strategic Recruiting, Inc. may use non-personal information to create aggregate tracking information reports regarding Web Site user demographics and the use of the Web Site, and then provide those reports to others. None of the tracking information in the reports can be connected to the identities or other personal information of individual users. Strategic Recruiting, Inc. also may link tracking information with Web Site users’ personal information. Once such a link is made, all of the linked information is treated as personal information and will be used and disclosed only in accordance with this Policy.
8. Disclosure of Your Personal Information – Strategic Recruiting, Inc. may disclose your personal information in the following circumstances:
(i) Disclosure to Authorizing Persons – If your access to certain areas of the Web Site has been authorized by a Strategic Recruiting, Inc. customer or other person, Strategic Recruiting, Inc. may provide your personal information to that authorizing person. Strategic Recruiting, Inc. has no control over authorizing persons’ use of your personal information, and that use is not necessarily subject to this Policy. If you do not wish your personal information to be disclosed to the person who has authorized your use of the Web Site, you may not use the Web Site.
(ii) Disclosure to Affiliates – Strategic Recruiting, Inc. may provide your personal information to its affiliated businesses for employment-related purposes or for use in connection with matters relating to your use of the Web Site. Strategic Recruiting, Inc. has no control over its affiliated businesses’ use of your personal information, and that use is not necessarily subject to this Policy. If you do not wish your personal information to be disclosed to certain or any affiliated businesses, you may not use the Web Site.
(iii) Disclosure to Suppliers, Prospective Employers, and Other Third Parties – Strategic Recruiting, Inc. may provide your personal information to suppliers, prospective employers, and third parties for employment-related purposes or for use in connection with matters relating to your use of the Web Site. Strategic Recruiting, Inc. has no control over these third parties’ use of your personal information, and that use is not necessarily subject to this Policy. If you do not wish your personal information to be disclosed to certain or any third parties, you may not use the Web Site.
(iv) Disclosure in Business Transfers – Strategic Recruiting, Inc. may be involved in the sale or transfer of some or all of its business. As part of that sale or transfer, Strategic Recruiting, Inc. may disclose your personal information to the acquiring organization, but will require the acquiring organization to agree to protect the privacy of your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this Policy. If you do not wish Strategic Recruiting, Inc. to disclose your personal information as part of the sale or transfer of some or all of its business, you may not use the Web Site.
(v) Law Enforcement and Legal Disclosure – Strategic Recruiting, Inc. may disclose your personal information to a government institution that has asserted its lawful authority to obtain the information or where Strategic Recruiting, Inc. has reasonable grounds to believe the information could be useful in the investigation of unlawful activity, or to comply with a subpoena or warrant or an order made by a court, person or body with jurisdiction to compel the production of information, or to comply with court rules regarding the production of records and information, or to their legal counsel.
9. Location of Information – Strategic Recruiting, Inc. will store and process your personal information in New York, NY, USA, or, from time to time, in other locations that Strategic Recruiting, Inc. decides are necessary or convenient in order to provide you with efficient and effective service.
10. Securing Your Information – To help protect the confidentiality of your personal information, Strategic Recruiting, Inc. employs security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. Nevertheless, due to the nature of Internet technologies, security and privacy risks cannot be eliminated and Strategic Recruiting, Inc. cannot guarantee that your personal information will not be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Policy.
11. Accessing Your Personal Information – You may request access to your personal information and information about Strategic Recruiting, Inc.’s collection, use and disclosure of that information by contacting Strategic Recruiting, Inc. at unsubscribe@careergroupinc.com. Subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law, you will be given reasonable access to your personal information, and will be entitled to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and to have it amended as appropriate. You can help Strategic Recruiting, Inc. maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying Strategic Recruiting, Inc. of any changes to your personal information.
OTHER MATTERS
12. Web Site Use Agreement – The Web Site Use Agreement governing your use of the Web Site (which may be viewed by clicking here) contains important provisions, including provisions disclaiming, limiting or excluding the liability of Strategic Recruiting, Inc. and others for your use of the Web Site and the use of your user name and password, and provisions determining the applicable law and exclusive jurisdiction for the resolution of any disputes regarding your use of the Web Site. Each of those provisions applies to any disputes that may arise in relation to this Policy and the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information, and are of the same force and effect as if they had been reproduced directly in this Policy.
13. Former Users – If you stop using the Web Site or your permission to use the Web Site is terminated, Strategic Recruiting, Inc. may continue to use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Policy as amended from time to time.
14. Other Web Sites – The Web Site may contain links to other web sites or Internet resources. When you click on one of those links you are contacting another web site or Internet resource that may collect information about you voluntarily or through cookies or other technologies. Strategic Recruiting, Inc. has no responsibility, liability for, or control over those other web sites or Internet resources or their collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. You should review the privacy policies of those other web sites and Internet resources to understand how they collect and use information.
15. Privacy Policy Changes – This Policy may be changed from time to time in Strategic Recruiting, Inc.’s sole discretion and without any prior notice or liability to you or any other person. The collection, use and disclosure of your personal information by Strategic Recruiting, Inc. will be governed by the version of this Policy in effect at that time. New versions of this Policy will be posted here. Your continued use of the Web Site subsequent to any changes to this Policy will signify that you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with the changed Policy. Accordingly, when you use the Web Site you should check the date of this Policy and review any changes since the last version. You should also bookmark this page and periodically review this Policy to ensure that you are familiar with the most current version.
16. Contests and Promotions – If contests or promotions are made available through the Web Site, the applicable contest or promotion rules may include rules regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information. To the extent that those specific rules conflict with this Policy, the contest or promotion rules will govern regarding personal information collected regarding the particular contest or promotion.
17. Your Comments – If you have any comments or questions about this Policy or your personal information, please contact Strategic Recruiting, Inc. at info@srisearch.com
.
© Copyright 2020 SRI
/
Strategic Recruiting, Inc.
/
Privacy Policy
/ All Rights Reserved.
Site by: Thinkhouse
Industries
About Us
Candidates
Contact