https://srm-industries.com/legal-pages/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy, together with our terms of use, provides an explanation as to what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you.
Information We Collect
In operating our website we may collect and process the following data about you:
i. Details of your visits to our website and the resources that you access, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data.
ii. Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website, such as when you registered for information or make a purchase.
iii. Information provided to us when you communicate with us for any reason.
Use of Cookies
On occasion, we may gather information about your computer for our services and to provide statistical information regarding the use of our website to our advertisers.
Such information will not identify you personally it is statistical data about our visitors and their use of our site. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever.
Similarly to the above, we may gather information about your general internet use by using a cookie file. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer automatically. This cookie file is stored on the hard drive of your computer as cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our website and the service that we provide to you.
All computers have the ability to decline cookies. This can be done by activating the setting on your browser which enables you to decline the cookies. Please note that should you choose to decline cookies, you may be unable to access particular parts of our website.
Our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have no control. Such cookies (if used) would be downloaded once you click on advertisements on our website.
Use of Your Information
The information that we collect and store relating to you is primarily used to enable us to provide our services to you. In addition, we may use the information for the following purposes:
i. To provide you with information requested from us, relating to our products or services. To provide information on other products which we feel may be of interest to you, where you have consented to receive such information.
ii. To meet our contractual commitments to you.
iii. To notify you about any changes to our website, such as improvements or service/product changes, that may affect our service.
If you are an existing customer, we may contact you with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you.
If you are a new customer, we will only contact you or allow third parties to contact you only when you have provided consent and only by those means you provided consent for.
If you do not want us to use your data for our or third parties you will have the opportunity to withhold your consent to this when you provide your details to us on the form on which we collect your data.
Please be advised that we do not reveal information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers but we may, on occasion, provide them with aggregate statistical information about our visitors.
Storing Your Personal Data
We may transfer data that we collect from you to locations outside of the European Economic Area for processing and storing. Also, it may be processed by staff operating outside the European Economic Area who work for us or for one of our suppliers. For example, such staff maybe engaged in the processing and concluding of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all reasonable steps to make sure that your data is treated securely and in agreement with this Privacy Policy.
Data that is provided to us is stored on our secure servers. Details relating to any transactions entered into on our site will be encrypted to ensure its safety.
The Data Protection Act
In accordance with the Data Protection Act, we have a legal duty to protect any information we collect from you. We will only use your information for the purpose as described and we do not pass on your details to any other third party unless you have given us permission to do so. You have a right to access your personal data and rectify any inaccuracies.
Should you purchase of one of our products, we do not retain any payment details pertaining to the purchase however, we reserve the right to contact you in future regarding products and/or services provided by ourselves, and subsidiary companies, that we feel may be of interest to you. We doesn`t store any financial details.
Third Party Links
You mind find links to third party websites on our website. These websites should have their own privacy policies which you should check. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them.
Contacting Us
We welcome any queries, comments or requests you may have regarding this Privacy Policy. Please feel free to contact us.
GET IN TOUCH
About
Our Values
Quality Policy Statement
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
“SRM were a pleasure to work with they provided us the
clarity and direction, they were always at hand to answer any
concerns and gave us the confidence to invest in our future”