https://sspr.com/privacy-policy/
About
Services
Services
Additional Recommendations
AI
B2B
Consumer
Cyber Security
Fintech
Food & Beverage
Healthcare
HR
Martech
Travel & Hospitality
Case Studies
Blog
News
News
Press Releases
Resources
Locations
Careers
Contact
Search
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, SSPR, LLC (SSPR) collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. SSPR’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how SSPR’s visitors use its website. From time to time, SSPR may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
SSPR also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. SSPR does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to SSPR’s websites choose to interact with SSPR in ways that require SSPR to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that SSPR gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who login to dashboard.sspr.com to provide a username and email address. SSPR does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
SSPR may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, SSPR may monitor the most popular blogs on the sspr.com site or use spam screened by the Akismet service to help identify spam. SSPR may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, SSPR does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
SSPR discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on SSPR’s behalf or to provide services available at SSPR’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using SSPR’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. SSPR will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, SSPR discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when SSPR believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of SSPR, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an SSPR website and have supplied your email address, SSPR may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with SSPR and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. SSPR takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. SSPR uses cookies to help SSPR identify and track visitors, their usage of SSPR website, and their website access preferences. SSPR visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using SSPR’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of SSPR’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by SSPR and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, SSPR may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in SSPR’s sole discretion. SSPR encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.