https://ssrs.com/privacy-policy/
SSRS Privacy Policy
SSRS designs, fields, manages and analyzes surveys on people’s attitudes and behavior.  We share your concerns about maintaining the integrity and privacy of personal information collected.  We strive to conform our privacy practices to applicable laws and regulations as well as the Code of Professional Ethics and Standards of the American Association for Public Opinion Research (AAPOR).
We are committed to protecting your privacy, and this privacy policy (“Policy”) is intended to describe our information collection and dissemination practices in connection with SSRS’ family of websites located at www.ssrs.com or any website or service that links to or refers to this Policy (collectively, the “Sites”).
Please review the entire Policy and feel free to contact us using the contact information below if you have any questions. By using the Sites, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information in accordance with the Policy.
INFORMATION ABOUT ALL SSRS VISITORS
SSRS may collect certain information from and about its users in several ways – directly from you, from our Web server logs, and with cookies or other forms of passive data gathering.
User-Supplied Information: There are several areas in the Website where we collect personal information from you on a voluntary basis. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable that is not otherwise publicly available, such as your name, address, e-mail address, mailing address or phone numbers. We may collect this information at the following times: (i) when you register to receive communications from this Website (ii)  when you provide personal information to us through feedback, telephone surveys, online surveys, mail surveys, in-person surveys, focus groups, online forums or other data collection methods. We only collect information for research purposes.
Third Parties: We may receive tracking information about you from third parties (such as age, gender and interests) used primarily to enhance your experience using the website and its services.
Server Log Information: When you visit an Internet Website, you disclose certain information about yourself, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the time of your visit, and the referring location (e.g., the website or page that offered a link to an SSRS page). Like many other websites, SSRS records this basic information about visits to this Website.
Cookies and Passive Data Collection: In order to offer and provide customized, personal service, SSRS may use cookies to store and help track your information. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s web browser while the user is browsing a website, that help the website to identify returning users and improve their experience. These cookies are relatively standard and do not collect personally identifiable information. If for any reason you wish not to take advantage of cookies, you may have your browser not accept them, although this may disable or render unusable some of the features of the Website.
Below is a brief summary of plugins and apps which create cookies on the SSRS website. A complete list can be found HERE.
AddThis: Social sharing platform that enable users, if they wish, to login to their accounts on social media sites such as Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest and share content from our websites with their friends. These cookies do not allow us access to your accounts or provide us with any confidential information relating to any of your accounts.
Twitter:  main business activity is Social Networking Services. Where twitter acts as a third party host, it collects data through a range of plug-ins and integrations that is primarily used for tracking and targeting.
Google double click: registers and report the website user’s actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser’s ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an and to present targeted ads to the users.
Additional cookies are created by either Google AdWords or Google Analytics. Cookies with hp*, or ga* are from Google Analytics and are used to track user content viewed within our site.
SSRS uses both first party cookies and third-party cookies. Google Analytics and Google AdWords do not use your device’s entire Internet Protocol (IP) address for analysis and its cookies do not collect personal data. You can get more information about Google’s cookies, including how to manage them here:  https://policies.google.com/technologies/types.
SSRS may also collect passive data, such as clickstream data or a user’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, operating system, browser type, time and date of visit and page views. Clickstream data is a term defined to include a record of clicked selections and other mouse activities within the Website.
HOW AND WHEN INFORMATION IS USED
When you participate in one of our surveys or other quantitative research programs, we combine the information you provide with the information of other research participants. We also may use data we collect in statistical modeling. In both cases, responses are reported in aggregate, not at the individual level. In our qualitative research, individual responses may be used for quotation purposes, in a manner that will not identify you unless you have agreed to be identified. We only use your Personal Data and Sensitive Personal Data for the conduct of research and for no other purpose. We do not use the contact information we receive about you for any direct marketing activities, nor do we share your contact information with third-party vendors for the purposes of marketing activities.
We will not make your Personal Data or Sensitive Personal Data available to any third party without your consent, unless it is for research purposes or required by law, as specified below.
We or our third-party partners may use your Personal Data for reasons including, but not limited to:
inviting you to participate in a survey or other research program;
validating answers you provided in a survey or other research activity;
managing incentive programs and fulfilling your requests for such incentives;
allowing you to participate in sweepstakes (if permitted);
responding to any messages or requests you may send to us;
providing service and support to you;
Please note that receiving email communications may be a requirement of your participation in some of our surveys or other research programs. You can opt out from receiving these emails by unsubscribing from the survey or other research program.
SECURITY
We use reasonable measures to help protect information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Unfortunately, no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, while we strive to protect your personal information, SSRS cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. You transmit all such information at your own risk. However, once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our servers.
UNSUBSCRIBE OR OPTING OUT
You may opt out of all communications from SSRS by contacting us using the contact information below.
SSRS
Address: 1 Braxton Way, Glen Mills, PA 19342
Telephone: (+1) 484 840 4300
Email: privacy@ssrs.com
California residents are entitled once a year, free of charge, to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. We do not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes.
LEGAL COMPLIANCE
SSRS may disclose any of the information collected from you through this Website in order to: (i) comply with applicable laws; (ii) respond to government inquiries; (iii) comply with valid legal process; and (iv) protect the rights or property of SSRS, the Website or Purchasers.
MINORS: THIS WEBSITE IS NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY INDIVIDUALS UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE. ACCORDINGLY, SSRS DOES NOT KNOWINGLY COLLECT, USE, OR DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT INDIVIDUALS UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
When you visit a website to which SSRS provides a link, please be aware that you will be interacting with a third party that operates under its own privacy policy. If you choose to purchase products or services through a third party website, or otherwise access a third party website, the data collected by the third party is governed by that third party’s privacy policy. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other website you visit.
WHILE SSRS STRIVES TO SELECT THIRD PARTY PARTNERS WHO HAVE OR SHARE THE SAME STANDARDS IN REGARDS TO PRIVACY POLICIES COMPARABLE TO ITS OWN, THE USER AGREES THAT WITH RESPECT TO THOSE THIRD PARTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE WEBSITES SSRS LINKS TO, SSRS DOES NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY REGARDING THE SAME, NOR WILL SSRS BE RESPONSIBLE TO THE USER OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR OTHER MATERIAL THAT MAY BE SOLD, LICENSED, DISTRIBUTED OR PROMOTED BY SUCH THIRD PARTIES OR ON SUCH WEBSITES, OR FOR ANY CONTENT ON SUCH WEBSITES. SSRS ENCOURAGES VISITORS OF THESE WEBSITES TO REVIEW THE PRIVACY POLICIES POSTED ON THESE WEBSITES.
CHILDREN
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 without parental consent, unless permitted by law. If we learn that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete it in accordance with applicable law.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Policy from time to time. When we update the Policy, we will revise the “Effective Date” date below and post the new Privacy Policy. We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy each time you visit the Sites to stay informed of our privacy practices.
YOUR RIGHTS AS TO YOUR PERSONAL DATA
You have certain rights by law to know certain details regarding our data handling practices generally; this information is described above and elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. In addition, you have the right to request the following as to any personal data we have about you: that we provide access to any personal data we hold about you; that we update any of your personal data which is out of date or incorrect; where our basis for processing your personal data is consent, that your consent to further processing be withdrawn; where we received your personal data from a third party, inquire where the data originated; that we delete any personal data which we are holding about you; restrict the way that we process your personal data; prevent the processing of your personal data for direct-marketing purposes; that we provide, or not provide, your personal data to a third party provider of services; that we provide you with a copy of any personal data which we hold about you; that we consider any valid objections which you have to our use of your personal data; and that you not be discriminated against for exercising any of your privacy rights. Under applicable law, certain personal data may be exempt from some of these requests in certain circumstances.
If you would like further information about these rights or would like to exercise any of them,  including to opt out of the collection of your information as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), please write to us at:  1 Braxton Way, Suite 125, Glen Mills, PA 19342 Attn: Privacy Officer, call us at 484-840-4300, or submit your question or request HERE.
By law, as well as for your protection, if you request that we take certain actions as to personal data we have about you, we are required to take certain steps to verify your identity. If we are not able to verify your identity, we may not be able to respond to your request. To verify your identity, we request, at point of submission of your request, that you supply your basic contact information, as well as certain other non-personally identifiable information (e.g., information relating to your last interaction with us, such as subject matter and type of study), and we endeavor to match at least two pieces of this information with information in our possession. In addition, as to those rights permitted by law to be exercisable by an authorized agent on your behalf, in addition to verifying your identity as described above, we require the agent to also supply written authorization from you to act on your behalf, except where restricted by law.
Note, some of these rights may not be applicable to information which we might collect or process from or about you in your capacity as our employee, job applicant, or independent contractor; there are other laws applicable to those relationships which are not addressed in this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, please contact the Legal Department.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions about this policy or our practices, please contact us at:
SSRS
1 Braxton Way, Glen Mills, PA 19342
Telephone: (+1) 484 840 4300
Email: privacy@ssrs.com
Effective Date: 5/25/2018
Date Last Revised: 11/3/2020
Join Our Mailing List
First Name
Last Name
Company
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human: Twitter Tweets by @ssrs_research
Follow @ssrs_researchInstagram
ssrs_research
We're data nerds! SSRS is a survey and market research firm located outside of Philly.
We like food, stats and giraffes.
The 2020 @commonwealthfund International Health Po
Load More...
Follow on Instagram
FacebookSSRS
1 day ago This week, The Commonwealth Fund is hosting a Virtual International Symposium following the release of findings from the 2020 International Health Policy Survey of General Population in 11 Countries.
Learn more and register today:
events-v2.jujama.com/?Eventid=PckEOvYR3D8%253d ... PhotoView on Facebook·ShareShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on Linked InShare by Email
Select LanguageArabicChinese (Simplified)DutchEnglishFrenchGermanItalianPortugueseRussianSpanish
This website uses cookies. Cookies enable us to understand how visitors use our website so that we can improve it and provide the best experience possible. By browsing our website, you agree to our use of cookies. View Our Privacy Policy