https://staging.kavio.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/
Kavio! Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Toggle Nav
Search
Search
Search
Advanced Search
My Wish List
Compare Products
My Account
Sign In
My Cart
JuniorsJr. SleevelessJr. Short SleevesJr. Long SleevesJr. PrintedCollectionJr. BottomsAll JuniorsWomenW. SleevelessW. Short SleevesW. Long SleevesW. PrintedCollectionW. BottomsAll WomenGirlsG. SleevelessG. Short SleevesG. Long SleevesAll GirlsInfantI. SleevelessI. Short SleevesI. Long SleevesI. BodysuitsI. BibsAll InfantToddlerYouthMasksNew ArrivalsClearanceGuys
Home
Kavio! Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Updated: 4/5/2019
This policy describes how KV Collections, Inc. dba Kavio! collects, uses and shares the information we obtain from you from this website and any other websites or mobile applications that link to it.
Types Information We Collect
Information You Give Us: We collect information that you choose to provide to us when you interact on our website, shop, purchase, subscribe/ sign-up for our e-newsletters or otherwise submit through our website.  Our privacy policy also covers any personal information, credit card information that is transmitted over our secure servers.  Access to our customer information will be held only limited to the appropriate employees and used for internal purposes only.  Kavio! Does not sell or give confidential information to any other companies.
Information Collected Automatically: In addition to the above, we may use the following technologies to automatically collect information about your activities on our website, through the use of web log files such as: your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is assigned to your computer when you use the internet, domain name, click-activity, referring websites, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.  We may also use cookies or other information storage and tracking.  These technologies allow us to track usage behavior and website usage information that will allow for the improvement of content and targeting advertisements tailored to your interests.  That advertising may appear on other websites.
Our website incorporates tracking technologies managed by Google & Facebook, all of which have their own privacy policies.  You can opt out of receiving advertising based upon your browsing behavior. To learn more about their services, and to opt-out of their tracking and receiving please visit the following links below:
Google Analytics: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
In additional to the information that we collect from you directly, we may also receive information about from other sources, including third parties, business partners, and publicly available sources.
How We Use And Process Your Collected Information
Kavio! May use your information for any of the following reasons:
To provide, maintain, personalize, optimize, and improve the website, including research analytics regarding the use of the website, or to remember you when you leave and return to the website.
To provide and improve our products and services, to process any transaction you request, or authenticate you as a customer.
To deliver marketing and promotional advertising, including personalized advertising on other websites and applications.
To provide you with e-newsletters you have requested.
For internal administrative purposes, as well as to manage our relationship with you.
Kavio! Does not share or sell any collected information from you, they are used solely for our internal purposes.
Your Choices
You can make the following choices regarding your personal data.
Promotional E-mails:  You may choose to provide us with your email address for the purpose of allowing us to send free e-newsletters to you.  You can stop receiving e-newsletters by following the unsubscribe instructions within the emails that you receive.  If you decide to unsubscribe from our e-newsletters, we may still send you transactional communications, such as those about your account, purchase orders or other service-related communications.
Changes To Your Personal Information:  We rely on you to update and correct your personal information. Our website will allow you to modify most of your account profile.  However, for security purposes credit/payment and password information will require you to contact us directly for updates.  Note we may keep historical information in our backup files as permitted by law.
Deletion Of Your Personal Data: Typically we retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. You may, request that we delete your personal information. We may also decide to delete your data if we believe that the data is incomplete or inaccurate.  When we delete personal information, it will be removed from our active database, but it may remain in archives where it is not practical or possible to delete it. In addition, we may keep your personal information as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and/or enforce any of our agreements.
Revocation Of Consent. We rely on the processing of personal information that you have provided. If you revoke your consent for the processing of personal information then we may no longer be able to provide you services. In some cases, we may limit or deny your request to revoke consent if the law permits or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity.
Access To Your Personal Data. If required by law, upon request, we will grant reasonable access to the personal information that we hold about a user.
Online Tracking. We do not currently recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include "Do Not Track" instructions.
California Residents. California residents may be entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for those parties to use for direct marketing. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of such notice, please submit a written request to us.
How We Protect Your Information
We realize that our customers trust us to protect their personal information.  And we take that task very seriously and maintain reasonable and appropriate physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to help protect your personal information.  While we attempt to protect the information, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is ever guaranteed to be secure and we cannot promise that information will remain secure in all circumstances.  In the event that we are required by law to inform you of any unauthorized access to your personal information we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may change this privacy policy and our data collection and management practices over time and reserve the right to update changes to this privacy policy and to our practices in collecting and handling personal information.
Contact
Please contact us if you have any questions or wish to take action with respect to information to which is privacy policy applies.  You can reach us by sending an email to kv@kavio.com.
Terms of Use
By using Kavio.com (“the website”), you agree to the terms of our policy. Kavio maintains the website for your personal entertainment, information, education, and communication. You may download material displayed on the website for non-commercial; personal use only, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, re-post, or use the contents of the website, including but not limited to, the text, images, audio and video for public or commercial purposes without the prior written consent of Kavio. By accessing and browsing the website, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms of Use and acknowledge that any other agreements between you and Kavio relating to your use of the website are superseded and of no force or effect.
You should assume that everything you see or read on the website is copyrighted and owned by Kavio unless otherwise noted and may not be used without prior written consent of Kavio. Images of people and places displayed on the website are either the property of, or used with permission by, Kavio. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by Kavio. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
While Kavio uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up to date information on the website, Kavio makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. Kavio assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the website. Prices and availability information, special offers, and promotions are subject to change without notice.
Kavio is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to the website. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk. Kavio assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, failure to gain access to, use of, or browsing the website, or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from the website.
Kavio may at any time revise these Terms of Use by updating this posting. Please check back periodically to see if we have made any changes.
Kavio! offers wholesale blank t-shirts, clothing and apparel for promotional products, imprinters, embroiderers, apparel decorators and licensing companies. We're a true one-stop sourcing zone, best known for style, comfort and quality driven merchandise. Our products are manufactured and produced at our very own state-of-the art facilities to ensure all merchandise is treated with the same care and impeccable quality.INFORMATION
About Us
Retail Order & Return Policy
Digital Catalog
Event Calendar
Measurement
Search TermsPrivacy PolicyAdvanced SearchOrders and ReturnsContact UsNewsletter Subscription
Wholesale
New Customer / Account Set-Up
Return & Exchange Policy
Credit Card Forms
CA Resale Forms
Terms & Conditions
Relabeling Services
CPSC
Coming Soon
Wholesale Pricelist
MY ACCOUNT
Sign In
View Cart
My Wishlist
Newsletter
Get all the latest information on Events, Sales and Offers. Sign up for newsletter today.
Go!
© 2020 KV Collections Inc. Kavio! All Rights Reserved.
Subscribe
This form collects your personal data, so that we can keep in touch with you and add you to out newsletter list for Store news, events and offers. Check out our Privacy Policy for the full story and how we protect and manage your submitted data!
To Top