https://stalcop.com/privacy-policy
Home
About
Processes
Industries
Products
Resources
News
Contact Us
HomeAbout About Us Quality CareersProcesses Primary Processes
Cold Heading Cold Forming CNC Machining Impact Extrusion Supply Management Upsetting
Secondary Processes
Controlled Atmospheric Brazing Drill and Tap Flatten and Pierce Heat Treating Knurling Slotting Thread Rolling Trimming Industries Automotive
Automotive Aftermarket Automotive Distribution Automotive OEM
Electrical
Electrical Connectors Power Transmission and Distribution Parts
Industrial
Industrial Battery Industrial OEM Products Terminals
Alternator Terminals Battery Terminals Cable Terminations
Solenoid Terminals
Light Duty Solenoid Terminals Heavy Duty Solenoid Terminals Specialty Solenoid Terminals
Other Products
Cap Assemblies Fuse Components Pole Line Hardware Safety Restraints Transformer Components Resources Advantages Capabilities Materials FAQs Case Studies Testimonials ISO Certificate Supplier Audit FormNewsContact Us MENU
Stalcop LLC > Privacy Policy
General Information
STALCOP respects each individual’s right to personal privacy. We collect and use information through our web site in the ways disclosed in this statement. This statement applies solely to information collected at STALCOP’S web site.
Information Collection
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. By showing us how and when customers use our site, cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not. We monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the site. Our cookies do not collect personally identifiable information. In the future, we may use cookies to speed navigation, keep track of items and provide you with custom-tailored content.
Many improvements and updates to our site are based on the data derived from these cookies, such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, etc. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies. Additionally, if you would like to obtain more information about a third-party advertising company or to know your choices about having its particular cookie turned off, go to Privacy Choices.
What is your policy if I link to a third-party web site?
When you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to third-party web sites, you will be subject to the third parties’ privacy policies. While we support the protection of privacy on the Internet, STALCOP cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement whenever interacting with any web site.
How will STALCOP Use My Information
Any email or contact information you provide to STALCOP is considered strictly confidential and will be used only to communicate with you. We do not provide your information to any third party for the purposes of marketing or promotions.
STALCOP may occasionally send informational or promotional email communications to you. If at any time, you do not want to receive these communications or choose to receive only certain types of information, please contact STALCOP and communication status will be modified to respect your request.
Will STALCOP Release My Information?
STALCOP will only release account information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements, or (iii) protect the rights, property, or safety of STALCOP our users, or others. Information will not be released under any other circumstances.
Problem Resolution
If problems arise, users may contact STALCOP by email or call 765-436-7926.
Your Consent
By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by STALCOP. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. These terms are subject to change.
This privacy policy was last modified on December 20, 2006.
Request a Quote
Contact Us
Name*
Email*
MessageCAPTCHAEmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.