http://staticelectric.com/privacy-policy/
Navigation
Home
About Us
Services
Energy Saving
Maintenance and Service
New Construction
Electrical Protection
Remodeling and Renovation
Standby Generators
Blog
Contact Us
Request Estimate
Home »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY NOTICE
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for (website address).  This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site.  It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you.  We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.  We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time.  You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
–       See what data we have about you, if any.
–       Change/correct any data we have about you.
–        Have us delete any data we have about you.
–       Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information.  When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.  You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.  The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 561-684-6100 or via email.
Recent Posts
Keep Vital Machinery Running for Optimum Production
Are You Considering a Standby Generator Installation This Hurricane Season?
Review Your Security Options During a Renovation Project
How to Choose a Trustworthy Electrical Contractor for Your Business
Energy Management in a Commercial Environment: Why and How
Recent Comments Archives
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
March 2014
Categories
Blogs
Commercial Electrical
Commercial Lighting
Electrical Contractors
Electrical Maintenance
Electrical Safety
Energy Savings
Generators
Green Buildings
Home Renovation
HVAC
Kitchen Lighting
Landscape Electrical
LED Lighting
Lightning Protection
New Construction
Outdoor Lighting
Residential Electrical
Residential Lighting
Residential Services
Residential Wiring
Security Lighting
Slider
Smart Homes
Smart Lighting
License # Electric EC13002031
Gas 24513
Boca Raton
Boynton Beach
Delray Beach
Jupiter
Lantana
Loxahatchee
Palm Beach County
Palm Beach Gardens
Royal Palm Beach
Wellington
West Palm Beach
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Designed by
Elegant Themes | Powered by
WordPress