http://steeldeckny.com/privacy-terms-copyright/
more results...
877-60-STAGE (877-60-78243)
Steeldeck® Portable Platform Rentals
home
PRIVACY / TERMS / COPYRIGHT
Privacy Statement
We respect your concerns about privacy.
We, therefore, encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis to stay abreast of our most current privacy policy practices.
The following policies are intended to protect your privacy and ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe and responsible manner.
As we continue to develop our website and take advantage of technologies to improve the services we provide, our policies will continue to evolve.
Currently, Steeldeck® NY Inc. gathers online customer information to enhance your online experience with us, to improve the content of our website, and for marketing and promotional purposes.
We collect information from you when you complete the contact information form. The information you share with us is shared with the corporate affiliates of Steeldeck® NY Inc. solely for the purpose of increasing the value of service to you.
Terms of Use
Given the unpredictable nature of technology and the online environment, Steeldeck® NY Inc. does not warrant that the function or operation of this website will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available will be free of viruses or other harmful elements.
As a visitor to and user of this website, you must assume full responsibility for any costs associated with servicing of equipment used in connection with use of our site.
As a visitor to and a user of this website, you, in effect, agree that your access will be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this legal notice and that access is undertaken at your own risk.
Steeldeck® NY Inc. shall not be liable for damages of any kind related to your use of or inability to access this site.
Certain of our featured items are manufactured in Europe and may not be available for immediate delivery.
Should you have any questions concerning the availability of a particular item, please contact us. Our products are subject to continuous development and improvement.
Steeldeck® NY Inc. reserves the right to make alterations to the technical data, design or construction of the described products, to stop production of the products or substitute them without prior announcement.
All descriptions and technical data on this website are for general information only and are not components of a purchasing or a delivery contract.
We accept no liability for errors or omissions.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, Steeldeck® NY Inc. disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied.
Copyright Statement
This website is expressly owned and operated by Steeldeck® NY Inc.
Unless otherwise noted, the design and content featured on steeldeckny.com, including navigational buttons and images, artwork, graphics, photography, text and the like-are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress, and/or intellectual property that are owned, controlled, or licensed by Steeldeck® NY Inc. This site in its entirety is protected by copyright and applicable trade dress. All worldwide rights, titled, and interests are reserved.
This site and its contents may only be used for personal non-commercial use.
Any use of our website and its content for purposes other than personal and noncommercial is prohibited without the prior written permission of Steeldeck® NY Inc. Any reproduction, publication, display, modification, sale or distribution of any of the materials from steeldeckny.com without the written authorization of Steeldeck® NY Inc. is expressly prohibited.
Steeldeck® NY Inc. is proud of the distinguished product names and brands we are able to present to you through this website.
Please be aware that each of the various trademarks, product names, company names, and corporate identities represented on steeldeckny.com are the property of their individual owner-companies.
Steeldeck® and Stagebase™ are registered trademarks of Steeldeck® NY Inc. Nivoflex® is a registered trade mark of Bühnenbau Schnakenberg Gmbh.
Our experienced staff is always happy to offer advice or technical information.
Contact Us