http://steinhartassoc.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Because we understand that your privacy is important, we wish to explain the types of information we gather and the way in which we use it. This Privacy Policy applies to the Site.
This Privacy Policy covers one type of information gathered at the Site, aggregated. The term “aggregated data” refers to general information regarding visitors and users of the Site that relates to use of the Site, e.g., traffic patterns, number of visits to certain pages, visits from other web sites or to third-party web sites linked to the Site, use of particular services and interest in services, information or features of the Site or other parties made available through or found at the Site.
Information collected on the Site may be used to:
Improve the quality of your visit to our site
Our Site is hosted in a secure environment. The Site servers/systems are configured with data encryption, or scrambling, technologies, and industry-standard firewalls.
Use of Aggregated Data
Steinhart & Associates is interested in improving the Site and may develop and offer new features and services. We monitor aggregated data regarding use of the Site for marketing purposes and to study, improve and promote use of the Site. In connection with such purposes, Steinhart & Associates may share aggregated data with third parties collectively and in an anonymous way. Disclosure of aggregated data does not reveal personal information about individual Site users in any way that identifies who they are or how to contact them.
Use of Cookies
To enable features at the Site, Steinhart & Associates may assign one or more “cookies” to your Internet browser. Cookies, among other things, speed navigation through our Site, keep track of information so that you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit our Site, and may provide you with customized content. A cookie is an internet mechanism composed of a small text file containing a unique identification number that permits a web server to send small pieces of information or text by means of your browser and place them on your computer’s hard drive for storage. This text lets the web server know if you have previously visited the web page. Cookies by themselves cannot be used to find out the identity of any user.
We use cookies to collect and maintain aggregated data (such as the number of visitors) to help us see which areas are most popular with our users and improve and update the content on our site. While in the process of browsing our site, you also provide us with information that doesn’t reveal your personal identity — what type of destination you’re exploring, for example. We use this aggregated data only as explained in this Privacy Policy. We do not connect aggregated data to any name, address, or other identifying information.
The website collects Google demographics and interest data so we can better understand how to deliver services. You may select to opt-out of this feature by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Add-on. Here is the link to this Add-on: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Links Provided To Other Sites
Steinhart & Associates may provide links to a number of other web sites that we believe might offer you useful information and services. However, those sites may not follow the same privacy policies as Steinhart & Associates. Therefore, we are not responsible for the privacy policies or the actions of any third parties, including without limitation, any web site owners whose sites may be reached through this Site, nor can we control the activities of those web sites. We urge you to contact the relevant parties controlling these sites or accessing their on-line policies for the relevant information about their data collection practices before submitting any personal information or other sensitive data.
Your Consent To This Privacy Policy
Use of the Site signifies your consent, as well as the consent of the company for whom you use the Site and whose information you submit (if any), to this on-line Privacy Policy, including the collection and use of information by Steinhart & Associates, as described in this statement, and also signifies agreement to the terms of use for the Site. Continued access and use of the Site without acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy relieves Steinhart & Associates from responsibility to the user.
Policy Modifications & Contacting Steinhart & Associates
Steinhart & Associates reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time; notice of changes will be published on this page. Changes will always be prospective, not retroactive. If you have questions about Steinhart & Associates website policies, please contact:
Steinhart & Associates
(650) 854-4568
steve@steinhartassoc.com