https://steinertglobal.com/au/privacy/
STEINERT Privacy
PRIVACY In this Data Protection Policy Steinert GmbH, Widdersdorfer Str. 329-331, 50933 Cologne, Germany, +49 (0)221-4984-0, sales(at)steinert.de (hereafter "we", "us") will provide you with information about how we process your personal data when you access our website.1. What personal data do we collect?Personal data is any information relating to a specific or identifiable natural person that you choose to share with us, of which we become aware or which we collect. This includes, for example:Content data about the services used: if you use our services, we process the resulting content details you input and the information we provided to you. We also collect information about the time, extent and, where applicable, the location of your use of the services.Server log data (technical specifications): data about your use of our website is temporarily stored in a log file on our servers (this includes the date and time of your visit, pages visited, type and operating system of the device you are using and your IP address).We use cookies, which are small text files temporarily stored on your computer and saved by your browser. You can set your browser so that cookies are not stored or will be deleted at the end of your internet session.We create user profiles under a pseudonym. These do not permit direct conclusions to be drawn about you. You can object to the creation of a user profile at any time.2. Why, on which legal basis and for how long is your personal data processed?2.1 For the provision of the website and the supply of the servicesProcessing of server log data is required for technical reasons to provide the web pages, for the provision of services and subsequently to assure system security.The legal basis for such processing is our legitimate interest (Article 6 (1) f of the General Data Protection Regulation – GDPR). Such processing is imperative for use and there is no right to object.This data will be erased after 2 weeks at the latest.The server log data will subsequently be evaluated anonymously for statistical purposes and to improve the quality of our website. There is no link made between the server log data and your personal data and the server log data is not combined with other personal data sources.2.2 Your contact searchesWhen you submit a contact search, we process the details entered by you to carry out your search; i.e. to determine your contact person.The legal basis for such processing is our legitimate interest under Article 6 (1) f of the GDPR to provide you with the "contact search" service described above. An additional legal basis for such processing is Article 6 (1) b of the GDPR if the aim of your contact search is the conclusion of a contract.This data is erased after you finish using the function.2.3 Your contact requestsShould you send requests to us via a contact form, by e-mail or via our service hotline, we will collect and use the information you provided therein to respond to your request.The legal basis for such processing is our legitimate interest under Article 6 (1) f of the GDPR to provide you with the "contact request" service described above. An additional legal basis for such processing is Article 6 (1) b of the GDPR if the aim of your request is the conclusion of a contract.This data will be erased when our communication with you is concluded, i.e. when the relevant facts have been conclusively determined.You may object to the processing of your data at any time on the basis of Article 6 (1) f of the GDPR. Communication cannot then be continued.2.4 Advertising, your requests for information material not freely accessibleTo retrieve information material about our products and services from a protected website area, you have to provide certain details and agree to the processing of these details for advertising purposes before the materials are sent. We will then process your details with your express consent to inform you by e-mail and/or by telephone about information and offers (advertising) concerning our products and services about sorting technology and sensor sorting that is personally tailored to you and your interests ("Steinert services"). We will also contact you with written postal advertising about Steinert services without consent and to the extent permitted by law, if applicable.The legal basis for such processing is your consent, Article 6 (1) a of the GDPR.You can of course at any time revoke your consent to the use of your personal data for advertising purposes at any time, in whole or in part. Please use the corresponding functions provided for you (e.g. the unsubscribe function in our menu) or send us a corresponding notification in writing (keyword: data protection) or by e-mail to the contact information listed in section 8.We will then erase this data after consent is revoked or at the latest after cessation of use.2.5 Product development, right of objectionWe would like to use the data you have already entered or that has arisen in your use of our services to improve our products and services (product development).The pseudonymised user profiles created based on usage data will be utilised to improve the marketing of our products. You can of course at any time object to the creation of pseudonymised data and the use of your personal data for advertising purposes in whole or in part. Please use the corresponding functions provided for you (e.g. the unsubscribe function in our menu) or send us a corresponding notification in writing (keywords data protection) or by e-mail to the contact information listed in section 8.The legal basis for such processing is our legitimate interest (Article 6 (1) f of the GDPR).We will then erase this data after your objection or at the latest after cessation of use.2.6 Consent (content texts)2.6.1 Contact formI agree for STEINERT to process my data entered in the input screen for the purpose of responding to my contact request, whereby processing according to Art. 4 Nr. 2 GDPR means any operation carried out with or without the help of automated procedures or any such set of operations relating to personal data, such as the collection, recording, organisation, classification, storage, adaptation or alteration, selection, retrieval, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or any other form of provision, comparison or linking, restriction, deletion or destruction. 2.6.2 NewsletterI agree for STEINERT to process my data entered in the input screen for the purpose of transmitting the IR newsletter (investor relations), whereby processing according to Art. 4 Nr. 2 GDPR means any operation carried out with or without the help of automated procedures or any such set of operations relating to personal data, such as the collection, recording, organisation, classification, storage, adaptation or alteration, selection, retrieval, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or any other form of provision, comparison or linking, restriction, deletion or destruction.3. Disclosure of data3.1 When we disclose data to service providers for the provision of our servicesIn compliance with statutory requirements, we partly employ service providers for the practical provision of our services by way of order processing, i.e. on our behalf, according to our instructions and under our control, in particular Hees riconet GmbH for the administration of the website.3.2 When we use service providers for advertising and marketingIn compliance with statutory requirements, we partly employ service providers for the practical implementation of advertising and marketing by way of order processing, i.e. on our behalf, according to our instructions and under our control, for instance for advertising by telephone and e-mail.3.3 When we transmit data to other companies in the Steinert GroupIf you submit enquiries about products or services supplied by other group companies, we will send your enquiry to them and they will then contact you. Your personal data could be transmitted to a country outside the EU in this context, namely if the other group company has its registered office outside the European Economic Area. We ensure compliance with one of the recognised legal measures in such cases to guarantee an adequate level of protection for such data transmissions to countries outside of the EU, in particular (i) recognition by the European Commission of the adequacy of protection for personal data in relation to the group company's country; (ii) active certification of the group company under the EU–US Privacy Shield (where the group company is registered in the United States); (iii) application of approved and binding corporate rules; or (iv) use of standard EU contractual clauses for those responsible (in their latest version). We can provide you with further information about this on request.4. Cookies and web analyticsWhat are cookies?We and our partners use so-called "cookies" to make our web pages as user friendly as possible, and to increase the relevance of our advertising for visitors to our website. Cookies are small files that are stored on a visitor's hard drive. They permit the retention of information over a certain time period and the identification of the visitor's computer.Your entry page will display information about data protection with the consent text in cookies on the first occasion that you visit our website. This consent will then be stored on your browser if you continue to use the website and do not object to the use of cookies, so that we do not have to display this information to you on every page. If this indication is missing in your browser (e.g. if you delete the browser history), the information will be displayed again the next time you visit our website.What cookies do we use?We use two categories of cookies on our website: (1) Cookies required for technical reasons, without which the functionality of our website would be restricted and (2) optional analysis, targeting or advertising cookies:Cookies required for technical reasonsThese cookies are essential to enable you to move around our website and use its functions. For instance they save those products you have placed in your shopping cart or the progress of your order, or they enable you to easily search by dealers where you can buy our products (e.g. by displaying a map of your surroundings). These cookies do not collect any information about you that is to be used for marketing purposes or that is saved to track where you have been on the Internet. These cookies are session-specific and expire after your visit to the website (session). Disabling this category of cookies would restrict the functionality of the website as a whole or parts thereof.Analysis, targeting or advertising cookiesAnalysis cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages they use most often and whether they receive error messages from web pages. These cookies do not collect any information by which visitors can be identified. All information ascertained by these cookies is used exclusively to understand and improve the website's functionality and service. We use Google Analytics for the analysis of our website. This is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. The information about your use of this website generated by the use of Google Analytics is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The activation of IP anonymisation on this website means that Google will truncate your IP address beforehand within member states of the European Union or in other countries that are signatories to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.Targeting and advertising cookies are used to coordinate advertising to be more targeted to you and your interests. They also serve to restrict how often do you get to see the same advertisement, to measure the effectiveness of a promotional campaign and to understand people's behaviour after viewing an advertisement. These cookies are commonly placed on their pages by advertising networks with the consent of the website operator (i.e. in this case from us). They detect that a user has visited a website and pass this information on to others, e.g. advertising companies, or use it to correspondingly adapt their own advertisements. They are often linked with the functionality of a website provided by this company. We therefore use these cookies to provide a link to social networks, which can then continue to use the information about your visit to tailor the advertising on other websites to your needs. They also provide information about your visits to the advertising networks we use to ensure that you can subsequently be presented with precisely the advertising in which you may really be interested based on your browsing behaviour.Disabling this category of cookies does not impair the functionality of our website. We currently use cookies in this category from the following providers, where you can in each case directly obtain information about the cookies and their designation and can object to the use of cookies:TOOL: Google AnalyticsProvider's data protection information: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=deWIDERSPRUCHSMÖGLICHKEIT (OPT-OUT): https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=deIf you would prefer to receive further information about these cookies from us, please contact us by e-mail at: datenschutz(at)steinert.deIn order to provide a technically flawless online offer, we use the Smartlook analysis software from Smartsupp.com s.r.o., Millay Horakove 13, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic.This software records anonymised mouse movements and interactions on the page. Your personal data will not be transferred and no record will be assigned to any user. If personal data of you or a third party is displayed on the Website, Smartlook will automatically fade it out and does not record it at any time.If you do not agree with the recording, you can deactivate it using the opt-out switch under Smartlook Opt-Out.How do I disable cookies?You can conveniently disable all analysis, targeting and advertising cookies using our Cookie settings [link to Cookie settings]. Or you can use the links in the table above (opt-out options) to disable individual cookies. You can ultimately prevent the use of any cookies by appropriately amending the cookie settings in your browser. Although in this case we should point out that the functionality of our website will be restricted if cookies required for technical reasons are also blocked.You can find further information about cookies and the individual providers on the website www.youronlinechoices.com, for example. This also offers you the option to object to usage-based online advertising by individual or all tools. To access the Preference Manager directly, please clickhere.5. LinksWe use links to our other online presence hosted by third party websites and services, e.g. on social media channels such as Facebook or LinkedIn. These third parties are solely responsible for data processing by such other service providers on their websites and their data protection policies shall apply.6. SecurityWe and our service providers implement technical and organisational security measures to protect your personal data that we manage against accidental or intentional manipulation, loss and destruction and from being accessed by unauthorised individuals. Our data processing and our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological development.Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption is used during the transmission of your personal data to us. Personal data exchanged between you and us or other companies involved is always transmitted via encrypted connections that correspond to the latest technology.Our staff and our service providers are of course obliged to respect confidentiality.7. Your rights to information, correction, blocking and erasureWe will be happy at any time to provide information free of charge about the data we store about you if you have any questions regarding our processing of your personal data. You also have a right to correction of inaccurate data, to block / restrict the processing of your personal data or to erasure what is no longer needed and to file a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority.Please notify us of your concerns in writing (keyword: data protection) or by e-mail to the contact information listed in section 8. We reserve the right to verify your identity so that your personal data is not disclosed to unauthorised individuals.8. Data Protection OfficerOur Data Protection Officer is André Nienhaus.Contact: info(at)nienhaus-rechtsanwaelte.deNienhaus Informationssysteme im Rheinland (UG), Bosmannshof 5, 46685 Wesel, Germany.9. AmendmentsIt is necessary to amend the contents of this Data Protection Policy from time to time. We therefore reserve the right to amend it at any time. We will also publish the amended version of the Data Protection Policy at this location. You should therefore read the Data Protection Policy anew when you visit us again.Status as at 2018, 23.04.2018+1 800 595-4014sales(at)steinert.deContact search Show convenient version of this site Don't show this message again