http://steinwaylyngdorf.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
In this privacy policy, we explain what personal data is, what types of personal data we collect, for what purposes data is collected, how it is processed, and your rights in this regard. Please trust that your personal data is handled with care.
Personal data processing
1. What is personal data?
Personal data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, such as, for instance, your contact information or your product data.
2. General principles for personal data processing by SL Audio A/S
We follow the following principles when processing your personal data:
we only collect personal data for specified, explicit, and legitimate purposes
we do not collect personal data beyond what is necessary to accomplish those purposes
we do not use personal data for purposes other than that for which the data was collected, except as stated herein, or with prior consent
we do not transfer personal data to third parties, except as stated herein, or with prior consent
we maintain technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, and against all other unlawful forms of processing
we do not store personal data longer than necessary to accomplish the purpose for which the data was collected or for which it is further processed, or as is required by law.
3. Personal data we collect and process
When you engage with SL Audio A/S via various channels, including our websites, apps, dealers and customer support, we collect and process your personal data. The personal data that we collect and process can be categorized as follows:
Your personal details, such as your name, e-mail address, physical address (if provided), phone number (if provided), IP address, and in some cases geographic location and language.
Your invoicing information, such as your personal details as specified above, company name, your delivery information if different from physical address, your order information, such as product name, quantity, product name, date of purchase and dealer information, currency, and if you have a showroom or not.
Behavioral information collected via use of cookies and similar technologies like pixels, tags, and other identifiers in order to remember user preferences and to understand how our websites are used.
4. How we use your personal data
We only collect and process personal data if at least one of the below mentioned purposes applies:
We provide you with customized information on news, events, competitions and similar marketing content related to SL Audio A/S, its products and products made in collaboration with third parties. Our processing in this regard is based on your consent.
We provide you with relevant product software updates and make your future purchases easier by remembering your shipping details. Our processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by SL Audio A/S and such processing is not considered to be harmful towards you.
We provide you with customer service, handle your requests or complaints, and provide you with product warranty support. Our processing is necessary for the performance of a contract, to which you are a party.
Should you choose not to provide us with the requested and necessary personal data in this regard, we might not be able to fully satisfy your request.
5. Where we store and process your personal data
As a general principle, we only store your personal data if you have given us your consent. If you have subscribed for our newsletter(s), we store your personal data in Mailchimp. If you are one of our partners we may also store your information in our internal systems.
In case of transfer of your personal data to any other countries, as defined in General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), valid law and regulations concerning such transfers are observed and relevant legal and security safeguards are ensured before such transfer.
6. Our disclosure of your personal data to third parties
As a general principle, we collect and process data in order to facilitate or improve our products, services, or offers. We do not sell your personal data or share the said data with third parties, except to the extent stated in this privacy policy.
We may disclose your personal data to third parties to the extent required by law, court order, or a decision rendered by a competent public authority and for the purpose of law enforcement. In addition, we may share your personal data with the following third parties:
Third-party vendors carrying out services on our behalf, including billing, sales, IT support, advertising, analytics, research, customer service, product service support, shipping and purchase order fulfillment, data storage, validation, security, fraud prevention, payment processing, and legal services. Such third-party vendors have access to perform these services but are prohibited from using your personal data for other purposes.
Music streaming services. When you initiate a connection with a third-party streaming service through SL Audio products, we may share information about you that is required to enable delivery of the third-party content.
Third parties in order to establish, exercise, or defend legal rights of SL Audio.
Third parties in the event of any merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of SL Audio’s assets or stock (including without limitation in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
Other third parties subject to your consent.
When we disclose your personal data to a third party, we take all reasonable steps to ensure that those third parties are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations with respect to the protection of your personal data. The disclosure is conducted in compliance with legal requirements, including entering into data processing agreements with the relevant third parties, to ensure that personal data is only processed in accordance with our instructions, applicable laws and regulations, and for the purpose specified by us and to ensure adequate security measures.
7. Retention of your personal data
We do not keep your information longer than necessary. How long depends on the purposes for which we collect and use it.
Personal data related to our provision of direct marketing to you is kept and processed until you unsubscribe from our list.
Personal data related to one of our partnerships is kept and processed until the partnership ends.
Relevant personal information will be deleted after expiry of the above-mentioned periods, unless such data legitimately can be kept and processed for other legitimate processing purposes.
8. Responsible for processing
SL Audio, Ulvevej 28, DK-7800 Skive, Denmark is data controller and is responsible for the processing of your personal data.
Your rights
9. Access to your personal data and data portability
You have the right to access and receive your personal data provided to SL Audio in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and have the right to transmit this data to any third party, you should choose. If you want to access your personal data, please contact contact@lyngdorf.com
10. Updating and/or deleting your personal data
We encourage you to update your personal data provided to SL Audio in case of changes in your personal data. This can be done by contacting us at contact@lyngdorf.com. Regarding the newsletter, you can use the button “Change” to update your preferences in the bottom of any newsletter received from us. If you are one of our partners, you can always contact your SL Audio sales representative.
In order to ensure that your personal data processed by us is up-to-date we request that you to check and, if relevant, update your personal data at least once a year.
11. Right to withdraw your consent
Receiving our newsletter is based on your consent. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawal of your consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing conducted prior to the withdrawal.
If you withdraw your consent, SL Audio and third parties involved in personal data processing will cease to process your personal data, unless and to the extent the continued processing or storage is permitted or required according to the applicable personal data legislation or other applicable laws and regulations.
12. Right to restriction of processing and right to object
You have the right to restrict of processing of your personal data:
if the personal data is not correct;
if the processing is unlawful, but you oppose erasure of your personal data;
if SL Audio no longer needs your personal data for the purposes of processing, but storing such data is requested by you for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or
if you have objected to processing, and if verification of whether SL Audio still has legitimate interest in the given personal data is pending.
Furthermore, you have the right to object to processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes. You can do so by unsubscribing from our marketing information by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the bottom of marketing communication from SL Audio.
13. Right to complain
If you have a complaint regarding SL Audio’s handling of your personal information, please send your complaint to SL Audio via e-mail: contact@lyngdorf.com. We will do our best to help you as quickly as possible.
If you are not satisfied with the outcome of your complaint or with the handling of your complaint at SL Audio, you may refer your complaint to the Danish Data Protection Authority, Datatilsynet, Borgergade 28, 5., DK-1300 Copenhagen, Denmark or by sending e-mail to dt@datatilsynet.dk.
Miscellaneous
14. Third-party websites, plug-ins and services
Websites, apps and products of SL Audio may contain links to third-party websites, plug-ins (for instance, social media login plug-ins), or services (for instance, voice control functionality provided by Amazon or Google). Please note that SL Audio does not collect or process any sound recordings on its own behalf, but only makes available third-party services.
If you choose to use these websites, plug-ins or services, you may disclose your information to those third-parties. SL Audio is not responsible for the content or practices of those websites, plug-ins or services. The collection, use, and disclosure of your personal data will be subject to the privacy policies of these third parties and not this privacy policy. We urge you to read the privacy and security policies of the relevant third-parties.
15. Data security
SL Audio is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. We use necessary organizational, technical, and administrative measures to protect your personal data under the control of SL Audio, such as control of access, transmission, input and availability and the separation of data.
Access to SL Audio’s download center is protected by access restrictions based on user name and password. It is important that you always choose a password which is hard to guess for others, and that you protect your password against disclosure.
All data storage and processing at computer facilities of SL Audio as well as at business partner facilities are subject to written contracts.
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with SL Audio is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with SL Audio has been compromised), please notify us of the problem immediately.
16. Changes to our privacy policy
SL Audio may modify or update this privacy policy when necessary to reflect changes in our products and services, changes in applicable legislation, regulations, or practice and to address customer feedback. Accordingly, please review it periodically. The date of the latest update is always provided at the bottom of the document.
17. Contact details
If you have questions about this privacy policy or SL Audio’s processing of your personal data, please contact us at:
SL Audio A/S,Ulvevej 28DK-7800 SkiveDenmarkAtt.: Privacy Policy
or by sending e-mail to contact@lyngdorf.com.
Updated May, 2018.
Our core technologies
Get the latest news in your inbox!
Sign up for our newsletter
[ Placeholder content for popup link ]
WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin
Close