http://sterlingpr.com/privacy/
Sterling Communications, Inc. takes very seriously the private nature of your personal information. That’s why, unlike so many other sites, we collect so little of it. This Privacy Policy describes how we treat the information we collect when you visit sterlingpr.com (the “website”) and/or register for our emails.
Compared to other web pages on our site, this Privacy Policy is long, uses boring legal terms, and might make you sleepy. Please read it carefully anyway.
1. Types of Information We Collect and How It Is Used
Sterling Communications only gathers personal information, such as first and last names or email addresses, when voluntarily submitted by you. You may choose not to provide the requested information, but in that event the website may not function correctly or certain functions may not be available.
In addition, when you visit our website, we may collect certain information by automated means. The information we collect may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, computer/mobile device operating system and browser type, type of mobile device, the unique device identifier (UDID) or mobile equipment identifier (MEID) for your mobile device, the address of a referring website (if any), and the pages you visit on our website. We may use this information to operate, maintain, and manage our Online Services and to provide services such as technical support. We provide additional information regarding our use of “cookies” in this Privacy Policy below.
2. Sharing of Personal Information
Sterling Communications may share personal information with its affiliates. Of course, any use of this information by Sterling Communications and its affiliates will comply with this policy. Occasionally, with your permission, we will send marketing information to you, such as information about new product offerings. If you do not elect to receive such materials, we will not send them to you.
Companies may be engaged by Sterling Communications to perform a variety of functions, such as fulfilling orders, assisting with promotions, and providing technical services for our websites. These companies may have access to personal information if needed to perform such functions. However, these companies may only use such personal information for the purpose of performing that function and may not use it for any other purpose.
Sterling Communications does not sell, transfer or disclose personal information to third parties other than its affiliates. Sterling Communications reserves the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the Online Service, to fulfill your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a matter of public safety.
3. Access
You are in control of any personal information you provide to us through our Online Services. If at any time, you would like to correct the personal information we have about you or if you would like to change your preferences for contacts from us or on behalf of our business partners, you can let us know by contacting us.
4. Cookies
“Cookies” are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow the website to remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient. Like most websites, Sterling Communications uses cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your online experience. For example, we track the total number of visitors to our sites on an anonymous aggregate basis. We may associate personal information with a cookie file in those instances.
Use the options in your web browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Click on the “Help” section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of this website.
California Business & Professions Code Section 22575(b) (as amended effective January 1, 2014) provides that California residents are entitled to know how Sterling Communications responds to “Do Not Track” browser settings. Sterling Communications does not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed. We continue to review new technologies and may adopt a standard once one is created.
5. Links to Other Sites
We may offer links to sites that are not operated by Sterling Communications. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review their privacy and other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies, and any information you submit to those companies is subject to their privacy policies.
6. Other Sterling Communications Online Services
All Sterling Communications Online Services operated by Sterling Communications will adhere to this Privacy Policy. In all cases, Online Services operated by Sterling Communications will honor the commitments to our customers set forth in this Policy regarding the collection and use of personal information.
7. Changes to our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of January 1, 2014. From time to time, it may be necessary for Sterling Communications to change this Privacy Policy. If we change our policy, we will post the revised version here, so we suggest that you check here periodically for the most up-to-date version of our Privacy Policy. Rest assured, however, that any changes will not be retroactively applied and will not alter how we handle previously collected information.
8. How to Contact Us
For any questions about our Privacy Policy, Sterling Communications can be contacted at info@sterlingpr.com.