https://stimpson.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Stimpson Co., Inc is committed to fair information practices and the protection of your privacy.
This Privacy Policy is provided to explain what information we collect and how it is used. By visiting the website, including access to all content, submitting contact information, or subscribing to receive more information, you accept the practices described in this privacy policy.
Collection of Information
A. The Information We Collect
When you visit the web site, we collect information that you voluntarily provide to us and information that is passively or automatically collected from you. In this Privacy Policy, we refer to all of this as the “Information.”
Information You Provide To Us: On the website you may request information, subscribe to a service such as a newsletter, or register to order products. To provide these services, you may need to provide us with personal information, such as: name, mailing or e-mail address, or telephone number.
Information That is Passively or Automatically Collected: We and our third-party service providers (“Partners”), may use automated means to collect various types of Information about you, your computer or other device used to access our web site. A representative, non-exhaustive list of the types of automatically collected information may include: network or Internet protocol address and type of browser you are using (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Microsoft Windows or Mac OS), the name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Comcast, Verizon or AT&T), mobile network, device identifiers, device settings, browser settings, the web pages of the web site you have visited, web site visited before and after you visit our web site, the type of handheld or mobile device used to view our web site (e.g., iOS, Android), geo location information, and the content and advertisements you have accessed, seen, forwarded, and/or clicked.
B. Use of Collected Information
Cookies and Other Technologies: To enhance your online experience, we and our Partners may use cookies and other technologies to run the website or to advertise products to you when you visit other web sites or applications. Cookies are small files stored by your web browser to retain your preferences. These technologies may also be used to analyze how you interact with the web site and elsewhere and, more generally, to learn more about you and what web site services or offers you might prefer to receive.
For example, we may use Google AdWords Remarketing and other tracking technology tools which allow us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads, particularly across the Google Display Network, that are relevant to you.
These cookies or other tracking technologies do not identify you or give access to your computer or mobile devices.
If you do not wish to see ads from products or services you visited on this web site, please find below ways you can opt out:
Opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings
Opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page
Restrict, block or remove cookies through your web browser settings
You can also visit https://www.aboutcookies.org for more information on how to manage and remove cookies. Please note that if you disable cookies, the web site may not function as intended and your use of the web site may be limited.
Other Uses: We, along with our Partners, may also use the Information to:
•   Provide and communicate with you about the web site or your account with us
•   Fulfill your requests, including without limitation requests for newsletters and notifications
•   Respond to your inquiries
•   Communicate with you about other products, programs or web sites that we believe may be of interest to you
•   Enforce the legal terms that govern your use of the web site
•   Prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities on or through the web site
•   Customize or personalize ads, offers and content made available to you based on your visits to and/or usage of this web site or other online or mobile websites, applications, platforms or web sites, and analyze the performance of those ads, offers and content, as well as your interaction with them
•   Perform analysis regarding how you use the web site and other user analytics.
C. Your Data; Your Rights
You may exercise your rights to:
•   Review a copy of the personal Information you provided to us;
•   Have the personal Information you provided to us updated or changed; or
•   Have the personal Information you provided to us deleted.
You have the right to unsubscribe or withdraw consent at any time. To exercise any of the rights mentioned in this Privacy Policy or if you have questions or comments relating to this privacy policy or our use of the Information, you may contact us at customer_service@stimpson.com.
D. Confidentiality of Collected Information
Stimpson Co., Inc regards the Information you provided to us strictly for communications between you, our company, and our affiliates and Partners.
Your information will not be (i) sold to any person or company; or (ii) shared with any person or company, except as otherwise permitted in this policy or disclosure, required by law, or to comply with a court order.
All information is stored on servers, which are protected by commercially reasonable measures.
We do not knowingly collect, use, or process Information of users who are under 13 years of age. In fact, the web site is intended solely for users who are 13 years of age or older.
E. Changes and Updates to Privacy Policy
Stimpson Co., Inc reserves the right, at any time and without notice, to make additions, changes, updates or modifications to this privacy policy. Policy changes are in effect once posted to the site. Please refer back to this policy periodically for any updates or changes. The terms of this privacy policy shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to conflicts of law principles, and the exclusive venue for any legal dispute regarding this privacy policy shall be in the state and federal courts located in Florida.