https://stingrayboats.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Terms and Conditions
Copyright Information
All pages of the STINGRAY web site are: © 1995-2020 STINGRAY Inc.
All rights reserved
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE. By using this site, you signify your assent to these terms of use of this agreement (" Agreement "). This site is owned and operated by PFC INC. (referred to as " STINGRAY or STINGRAY BOATS " herein).
STINGRAY owns and retains the copyrights in the materials found in the STINGRAY web site. Unless otherwise specified, no one has permission to copy or republish, in any form, any information found on the STINGRAY web site.
STINGRAY authorizes you to view, copy, download, and print STINGRAY documents available from this web site, subject to the following conditions:
STINGRAY Boats ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://www.stingrayboats.com website (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://www.stingrayboats.com
The documents may be used only for personal, noncommercial, and informational purposes.
The documents may not be modified in any form.
Copyright and trademark information may not be removed from the documents.
You cannot reproduce, copy, or redistribute the design or layout of the STINGRAY web site, individual pages of the STINGRAY web site, STINGRAY logos, or images obtained from the STINGRAY web site without the express written permission from STINGRAY.
STINGRAY Dealers may not use registered STINGRAY trademarks, logos, or graphics on their site unless they are linked directly to the STINGRAY web site.
Trademark Information
STINGRAY is a registered trademark. No trademark or services mark license is granted in connection with the material contained in the STINGRAY web site.
Disclaimer
THIS WEB SITE AND ALL OF THE INFORMATION IT CONTAINS, ARE PROVIDED " AS IS " WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
We reserve the right to make changes at any time, without notice, in prices, styling, design, colors, construction, equipment, materials, and specifications. We will not be responsible for inaccurate data obtained from our site. Please check with your local STINGRAY dealer to ensure that you have the latest information available.
Options and accessories pictured may not be standard equipment. To avoid disappointment, please check with your STINGRAY dealer for current information relating to product standard and optional features. Colors shown may vary from actual product.
MSRP pricing does not include dealer prep or make ready pricing. Please contact your local STINGRAY dealer to obtain complete pricing information.
Information on this web site could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes may be periodically made to the information or the products herein.
Limitation of Liabilities
STINGRAY makes no representations whatsoever about any other web site which you may access through this one. When you access a non-STINGRAY web site, please understand that it is independent from STINGRAY, and that STINGRAY has no control over the content on that web site. In addition, a link to a non-STINGRAY web site does not mean that STINGRAY endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use, of such web site. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of such items as viruses and other items of a destructive nature.
IN NO EVENT, IN REGARD TO THIS WEB SITE OR ANY OTHER HYPERLINKED WEB SITE, WILL STINGRAY BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY OF ANY DAMAGES OR INJURY CAUSED BY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO) ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA ON YOUR INFORMATION HANDLING SYSTEM OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE ARE EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Privacy Policy
STINGRAY is pleased to hear from you and welcomes your comments regarding STINGRAY products. Unfortunately, you will understand that STINGRAY does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through our web site. Please note that any information or material sent to STINGRAY will be deemed NOT to be confidential. By sending STINGRAY any information or material, you grant STINGRAY an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify transmit and distribute those materials or information, and you also agree that STINGRAY is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send us for any purpose.
Jurisdictional Issues
Unless otherwise specified, the materials in this site are presented solely for the purpose of promoting STINGRAY products. STINGRAY makes no representation that materials or products depicted in the site are appropriate or available in all locations. This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of South Carolina without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this Agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. This is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter herein and shall not be modified except in writing, signed by both parties.
Links to Third Party Web Sites
The STINGRAY web site contains links to third party sites. The linked sites are not under the control of STINGRAY, and STINGRAY is not responsible for the contents of any linked site. In addition, a link to a third party web site does not mean that STINGRAY endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or the use of such web site. STINGRAY has no control of third party sites, and provides these links to its visitors for their convenience.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Dat
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
STINGRAY Boats uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to ¿ and maintained on ¿ computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
STINGRAY Boats will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data Legal Requirements
STINGRAY Boats may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of STINGRAY Boats
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Facebook Advertising and Analytics
Facebook Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Facebook that tracks and reports website traffic. Facebook uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Facebook services. Facebook may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit the Facebook ads settings where you can update your preferences
Bing Advertising and Analytics
Bing Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Microsoft that tracks and reports website traffic. Microsoft uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Microsoft services. Microsoft may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
For more information on the privacy practices of Microsoft, please visit the Microsoft privacy
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children") with the exception of applications for modeling.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18 with the exception of applications for modeling. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data without consent from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Price YourStingray
Find YourDealer
Request ABrochure
Scroll to Top