https://stivers.com/privacy-policy/
Employee Resources
Employee Login
Introduction
Stivers Staffing Services and its affiliates (collectively, “Stivers,” or “we,” “us,” “our”) respect your concerns about personal data protection and value our relationship with you. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”)  applies to personal data collected through Stivers web sites, web pages, portals, interactive features, job candidate applications, in person interviews, mobile or web applications, video and telephone interviews, telephone support lines, e-mail, blogs, message boards, and their respective contents, career websites such as LinkedIn and Career Builder,  in addition to our Twitter, Facebook or other social networking sites, and their respective contents (collectively, the “Site”), whether accessed via computer, mobile device or other device (collectively, “Device”) .
This Policy describes the types of personal data we collect through the Site and how that personal data may be used and/or with whom it may be shared. This Policy also describes how you can reach us to update your contact information, access and control the use of the personal data we collect in connection with our communications and activities, or get answers to questions you may have about our privacy practices at the Site. Please read this Policy carefully, because by using the Site and providing us with your personal data you are acknowledging that you understand and agree to the terms of this Policy. In addition, please review our Terms of Use, which governs your use of the Site and any content you submit to the Site.
Definitions
Except as otherwise defined in this Policy, capitalized terms have the meanings set forth herein.
“Identifiable natural person” means a person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to his or her physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
“Personal data” or “personal data” means any information about an identified or identifiable natural person.
Compliance with Local Laws
This Policy is meant to guide Stivers with respect to personal data collected from or about you at this Site.  While this Policy applies to personal data generally, the local laws, rules and regulations of jurisdictions that are applicable to Stivers (“Local Laws”) may require standards which are stricter than this Policy and, in such event, Stivers will comply with applicable Local Laws. Specific privacy policies may be adopted to address the specific privacy requirements of particular jurisdictions.
Collection and Use of Personal Data
The privacy and security of the personal data that Stivers collects from you is a priority for Stivers.  Generally you can visit the Site without providing personal data, unless otherwise mentioned in the Site itself. However there may be circumstances when you may be asked or choose to provide personal data that could be used to contact you or to identify you personally.  For example, in order to apply to a job, you may need to provide personal data such as your name, home address, telephone number, e-mail address, Social Security Number, education and job history, criminal convictions, salary requirements, and current resume through the Site.
By submitting personal data to Stivers at this Site, you hereby consent to Stivers’s collection, use and disclosure of such personal data.
Stivers collects and uses personal data for the following purposes:
Stivers may collect and use personal data that you submit at our Site to assist you in finding employment, communicate with you, better understand your needs, and to provide you with better service.  For example, when you visit our websites, or send e-mails to Stivers, you are communicating with us electronically and may be submitting personal data to Stivers. We may use this personal data to communicate with you either electronically, by e-mail, or using other means.
By way of example, Stivers may collect and use personal data that you submit at our Site when you (1) complete a job application whether through an online web form a paper application, (2) meet with a recruiter, (3) conduct a phone, video or in person interview, (4) submit your resume to us, (5) register your e-mail address with us, (6) opt-in to receive newsletters or weekly updates, (7) complete a survey, (8) complete a training assessment, or (9) or register for an event.  If you elect to engage in such activities, we may ask that you provide us personal data, such as your first and last name, date of birth, home address (including zip code), e-mail address, telephone number, Social Security Number, education history, job history, criminal convictions, personal references, salary requirements, job requirements, and current resume and other personal data as needed. If you do not provide certain personal data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity.
We may also use your personal data that you submit to provide you with a more efficient and customized experience, process your job application, register you for an event, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, statistically analyze Site use, improve our event and service offerings, and enhance our Site’s content, layout, and services.  We may contact you regarding administrative notices and/or send you occasional e-mails or regular mail regarding our services, special services and upcoming events that may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive this information, please click on the “Unsubscribe” link shown on all our e-mails and electronic newsletters to you or contact us at the address or telephone number listed herein and we will remove your name from our mailing lists.
To help Stivers improve your experience on our Site Stivers may also track your use of our Site.  We may collect certain non-personally identifiable information about you based upon how you search and interact with our Site, including which pages you view while visiting our Site.  For system administration and statistical analysis purposes, this information is compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis. This information may include a website’s Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) that you just came from, which URL you next go to, general geographic location, device type, what browser you are using, Internet service provider, date/time of visit information, operating system, and your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, which tells us the country and state you are searching our Site from.  A URL is the global address of documents and other resources on the World Wide Web.
We also collect, or enlist a third party service provider to collect, store, process and manage certain non-personally identifiable information to diagnose problems with our servers and software, administer our Site, and gather and analyze demographic and other statistical information.  Our third party service providers may also provide us with summary, but not individual, reports that will tell us how our Site is being used. We may also share such aggregate statistical and demographic information with select third parties, such as our partners; however, these reports do not contain any personal data.
Any information you give us through this Site may be transmitted to servers outside the country where the information is entered, and may be used, stored, and processed outside the country where it was entered.  As you browse our Site, our servers may collect information about your visit. For example, to help us better serve you and improve our Site, we may monitor statistics such as how many people visit our Site, which pages people visit on our Site, and which browsers people use to visit our Site.
Stivers also may use and disclose your personal data:  (1) to the extent required to respond to a legal or ethical obligation, (2) to the extent necessary to meet national security, public interest or law enforcement obligations, and (3) to the extent expressly permitted by an applicable law, rule or regulation.
Of course, you may choose not to provide Stivers with personal data.  However, this choice may prevent Stivers from providing you with the employment, service, event, or other information you requested or that could be offered to you.
Stivers may use your personal data as set forth in this Policy (or any other Stivers policy, as applicable), and for any other purposes for which your consent is required under applicable law so long as Stivers obtains your consent.
Additionally, where Stivers is permitted to do so under applicable law, Stivers may share your personal data with its affiliates, employees, job placement customers, contractors, volunteers, consultants and other parties who assist Stivers including, without limitation, parties that provide information technology and data processing services to Stivers with respect to the operation of its businesses.
Where Stivers is permitted to do so under applicable law, Stivers may transfer or provide your personal data to affiliates or third parties both in and outside of the nation where you reside.
Additionally, your personal data may be disclosed as required by applicable law, to comply with a court order, subpoena, warrant or other legal process, or where the personal data is publicly available (unless otherwise restricted by applicable law).
Cookies
Like many websites, Stivers uses “cookies” and similar tools on the Site to improve its performance and enhance your user experience.
What are Cookies? Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity, this will include the use of Google Ads and Remarketing.
What do we use Cookies for? Stivers may place cookies or similar files on your Device for security purposes, to tell us whether you have visited the Site before, to remember your language preferences, if you are a new visitor or to otherwise facilitate site navigation, and to personalize your experience while visiting our Site. Cookies allow us to collect technical and navigational information, such as browser type, time spent on our Site and pages visited. Cookies also allow us to select which of our advertisements or offers are most likely to appeal to you and display them while you are on the Site (Google Ads and Remarketing). Cookies may enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular Site. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better Site by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your Device or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
Cookies can save people’s settings on certain websites and can sometimes be used to track how visitors get to and interact with websites.
Google uses cookies in various ways. For example, remarketing and Google Analytics both use cookies to help do things like run your ads or track your success.
The conversion tracking feature of Google Ads also uses cookies. To help you track sales and other conversions from your ad, it adds a cookie to a person’s computer when the person clicks an ad.
Can the Cookies be blocked? For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
However, please be aware that if you disable or reject cookies, some features and services on our Site may not work properly because we may not be able to recognize and associate you with your Stivers account(s). In addition, the offers we provide when you visit us may not be as relevant to you or tailored to your interests.
Opting-out
Resources for opting out of advertising:
Block certain Ads: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
Control Google ad personalization: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/1660762#mob
Opt out of internet-based advertising: https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1
Even after you have consented to Stivers’s collection and use of your personal data and submitted personal data to Stivers at this Site, you may opt-out of having your personal data collected or used by Stivers by contacting Stivers.  Please note that in order to fulfill certain obligations, we may need to continue sending you notices or other important information concerning any events or services you request. You may contact Stivers by sending us a letter at:
TalentLaunch Marketing c/o Stivers 6161 Oak Tree Blvd, St 130 Independence, OH 44131
Or by e-mail to: marketing@mytalentlaunch.com
Or by telephone at: 216-654-0066
General Principles for the Processing of Personal Data
Personal data will be collected, stored, processed and transmitted in accordance with Stivers’s established policies and applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules and regulations.
The principles of Stivers with respect to the processing of personal data are as follows:  (1) personal data will be processed fairly and lawfully, (2) personal data will be collected for specified, explicit, and legitimate purposes and not further processed for incompatible purposes, (3) personal data collected by Stivers will be adequate, relevant, and not excessive in relation to the purposes for which it is collected, (4) personal data collected by Stivers will be accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date to the best of our ability, and (5) personal data collected by Stivers will be retained as identifiable data for no longer than necessary to serve the purposes for which the personal data was collected.
If Stivers engages in the processing of personal data for purposes other than those specified in this Policy, Stivers will provide notice of these changes, the purposes for which the personal data will be used, and the recipients of personal data.
Transfers of Personal data
We do not sell any of your personal data (including your name, mailing address, or e-mail address) to any companies or third parties.  We do provide some of our services through contractual arrangements with affiliates, service providers, volunteers, and other third parties that require us to share your personal data with them in order to deliver those services.  For example, we share your personal data with prospective employers and use your personal data to conduct background checks using reputable third party service providers. We require our service providers to adopt and post privacy policies consistent with this Policy.
Stivers may transfer your personal data in connection with a merger, consolidation, or reorganization of the assets of Stivers or affiliates, or other transaction, or by way of assignment (whether by operation of law or otherwise) in connection with any such or similar transaction or in connection with the administration of a bankruptcy estate.  However, your personal data will continue to be protected by any pre-existing privacy policy of Stivers, unless you agree otherwise. Your personal data may become the property of the successor and, subject to your agreement, will be subject to the successor’s privacy policies.
Linking to and Privacy Policies of Third Party Sites
This Policy applies to information collected from this Site by Stivers.  Once you click on a link to another website (the “Linked Site”), you are no longer on this Site.  This Policy does not apply to the content or privacy practices of any Linked Site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every website or Linked Site that collects personal data.  You should contact advertisers, other websites or Linked Sites directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies or their use of the information they collect.
Miscellaneous Privacy Issues
Stivers is committed to protecting the privacy of children.  Our policy is that we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personal data about visitors that we know are under 13 years of age.  This Site is not directed in any respect to children under the age of 13.
You should be aware that when personal data is voluntarily disclosed (e.g., your name, e-mail address, etc.) in any public areas on this Site (such as a message board or comments section for an article) – that information, along with any information disclosed in your communication, can be collected and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from third parties.  Such activities are beyond our control and this Policy does not apply to such information. Any submissions to public areas on this Site are accepted with the understanding that they are accessible to all third parties. If you do not want your comments to be viewed by third parties, you are advised not to make any public submissions.
Use Registration and Password
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password and/or account information.  To ensure the effectiveness of your password, we recommend that you do not disclose your user identification or password to anyone.  Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online.
Security
Stivers will take reasonable steps to protect the personal data in its possession from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, and will take useful precautions with regard to the nature of the data and the risks of the processing, to preserve the security of the data and, in particular, prevent its alteration and damage or access by non-authorized third parties. Stivers has put in place appropriate technical, physical, and organizational procedures and security measures to safeguard and secure the personal data from destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized access or disclosure, or other forms of unauthorized or unlawful processing commensurate with the risks posed by the particular type of processing, the nature of the personal data and in accordance with applicable law and applicable guidelines, and taking into consideration the cost of implementing such measures.
Accuracy
It is your responsibility to provide Stivers with accurate personal data.  Except as otherwise set forth in this Policy, Stivers shall only use personal data in ways that are compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently authorized by you.  To the extent necessary for these purposes, Stivers shall take reasonable steps to ensure that personal data is accurate, complete, current and relevant to its intended use.
Access
Upon request by you, Stivers will grant you reasonable access to your personal data.  Except where your rights are limited by applicable law (e.g., where necessary to safeguard national security, defense, or public security, for the prevention and detection of crime, or to safeguard an important economic or financial interest of the nation in which you reside, the employee, or the rights and freedoms of others, for the purpose of scientific research or statistical purposes, provided that the data is not used for making decisions that relate to a particular individual), such access will include: (1) confirmation as to whether or not your personal data is being processed and, if so, information as to the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data processed, and the recipients (or categories of recipients) of the personal data; (2) communication in intelligible form of the personal data undergoing processing and information as to its source; and (3) details of the logic involved in any automatic processing of the personal data.  Stivers will permit you to correct, amend or delete inaccurate or incomplete personal data, except where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the privacy of the individual in the case in question or where the rights of persons other than the individual would be violated.
Subject to the above, you may change any of the personal data you have provided to us on this by writing us at:
TalentLaunch Marketing c/o Stivers, 6161 Oak Tree Blvd, St 130,  Independence, OH 44131, Attention: Privacy Officer, or by e-mail at marketing@mytalentlaunch.com. Please include your name, address, and/or e-mail address when you contact us.
You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of past transactions, you cannot delete information associated with past transactions on this Site.  In addition, it may be impossible to completely delete your information without some residual information because of backups.
Compliance
Stivers will use a self-assessment approach to verify compliance with this Policy and periodically verify that the Policy is accurate, comprehensive for the information intended to be covered, prominently displayed, implemented and accessible.
If you believe that your personal data has been processed or disclosed in violation of this Policy, Stivers encourages you to raise any concerns using the contact information provided in this Policy.  Stivers will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal data.
Changes to this Policy
This Policy may be amended from time to time, consistent with the requirements of applicable law. A notice will be posted by Stivers on this Site when this Policy is changed.
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience. The cookies law requires us to let you know that we use cookies for personalization, website traffic analysis, 3rd party tracking, and website functionality. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.I AcceptNo, Thanks