https://stmediagroupintl.com/about/privacy-policy/
Home
About
Our Team
History
Press Releases
Careers
Privacy Policy
Brands
Big Picture
BXP
Screen Printing magazine
Signs of the Times
VMSD
Events
BXP Live!
IRDC
Books
Advertise
Marketing Planners
FTP Instructions
Advertising Specifications
Contact
Customer Service
Reprints
Pay an Invoice
Privacy Policy
Home/About/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policyadmin2018-10-17T11:40:51+00:00
ST Media Group International Privacy Policy
Last updated October 17, 2018
About ST Media Group International
ST Media Group International, known as STMG, is the owner and provider of business-to-business content and services in the United States. Through content and services—such as magazines, newsletters, conferences, trade fairs, websites—we connect buyers and sellers in the visual communications, packaging design, and hospitality design markets.
Information Collection and Use
We collect and control personally identifiable information that you choose to provide to us when you register for a trade fair or conference, subscribe to a magazine or newsletter, participate in a contest or research surveys. During these processes we may request certain contact information and demographic information about you or your company such as your name, postal address, email address, primary business, number of employees, type of work, and job function. If you choose to purchase a magazine subscription or register for a conference or trade fair, you may also be asked to provide your credit card information.
This is done to help us provide our customers with the best service and valuable information regarding relevant products and services from STMG and appropriate, relevant, and trusted third parties.
We may store the personal details we hold about you for as long as needed, which may be indefinitely. If you are located outside of the United States and voluntarily submit personally identifiable information to us, you hereby consent to the use of such information as provided in this privacy policy and to the transfer of that information to and storage and processing of that information in the United States.
Service Providers
We employ data processors and third party companies in the United States to provide our services (e.g., payment processing, data collection, data storage and processing, analysis, research, auditing, marketing). These third parties may have limited access to your personal information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated to STMG not to disclose or use your personal information for other purposes.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Data may be used to update and improve our publications and other products; as well as to inform you of important industry news, events, services, and/or products. Occasionally, we may release the data that you provide to trusted partners, such as trade fair exhibitors, that wish to market products/services that may be of interest to you.
We have procedures in place to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, data security, and correct use of the information we collect online. We will not sell, share, or rent any financial information collected from you, except as necessary to fulfill your order.
The views expressed in any STMG communication channel (example: website, magazine, blog, bulletin board, enewsletter, social media), are those of the individual author, are not to be attributed to STMG, or of any person or organization affiliated with or otherwise doing business with STMG.
Cookies
STMG may employ cookies to recognize registered users and their access privileges, as well as to track site usage and maintain security of the user’s account. In some cases, visitors who do not accept cookies may not be able to access privileged areas of our websites.
We may issue a cookie which may be stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. We use this information for the following purposes:
Assisting you in navigation on the website
Improving the functionality of the website
Store login details for our secure sites
System administration
Reporting information for research purposes
Assisting with our promotional and marketing efforts
Providing you with personalized content, advertising and messages
We may also collect information about your computer and your visits to this Site such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, domain names, referring website addresses, access times, length of visit and number of page views. We may use this information in the administration of this Site, to improve the Site’s usability, to provide better service, to send you newsletters, updates, marketing communications, and other information or that may be of interest to you. We also use outside services such Google Analytics to gather data about our Site visitors. We may sometimes permit our authorized service providers to have access to aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, usage and related information.
Our website uses first and third-party cookies for technical, analytical and advertising purposes. First party cookies refer to cookies that are issued by our site, we are the only ones with access to this information. But third party cookies allow other third parties to have access to the information collected. Not all cookies are necessary to navigate this site. Cookies used for analytical and advertising purposes such as site Analytics and Advertising cookies (non-essential cookies) are not necessary to navigate our site. You have the choice not to accept or delete them anytime, and carry on browsing normally.
Restricting cookies may impact the functionality of this website. Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. (For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”,” “Internet Options”,” “Privacy”,” and selecting “Block all cookies”) But this will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
Cookies and information captured through this site is stored for a certain retention period, however you can eliminate these cookies any time before the expiration date.
Email Opt-out Features
You will have opportunities to opt-out of receiving information from third parties not affiliated with STMG. Any email communication that is sent to you will provide the opportunity to opt-out of future communications of the same type. Occasionally, information provided by you (including postal address, telephone/mobile, e-mail address and/or title or company name) will be used to send offers from STMG publications, products, or services relevant to your industry. Your information will also be used to send renewal requests from STMG publications and products to which you currently subscribe.
California Residents
California law permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of your personally identifiable information to third parties for their marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@stmediagroup.com and include “California Customer Choice Notice” in the subject line.
EU Residents
GDPR law permits EU residents to know what personal data has been collected and how such data has been processed in addition to requesting this data be “erased.”  To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@stmediagroup.com and include “GDPR” in the subject line.
If you need assistance in updating the information you have provided to STMG or you have questions or comments about these policies, contact our Data Protection & Privacy Officer at privacy@stmediagroup.com.
STMG will review this privacy policy as needed and may update it periodically. By continued use of STMG products, you consent to the collection and use of your information by STMG and accept any changes to this policy.
STMG
Attn: Data Protection & Privacy Officer
11262 Cornell Park Drive
Cincinnati, Ohio 45242
U.S.A.