http://stockblocks.com/privacy_statement.htm
December 11, 2020
Stock Blocks Privacy Statement
Stock Blocks, Inc® is committed to protecting your privacy. This Stock
Blocks Statement of Privacy applies to the personal information you provide
upon purchase of Insider TA, the stockblocks.com website, and data transmitted
by Insider TA™ during license check-ins and Internet Update sessions.
Data Collection
During your periodic Insider TA license check-ins and Internet Update
sessions, the software will transmit license-specific data that uniquely
identifies the Insider TA client site. The data originates exclusively
from the registration data that we configured in the setup package that
we ship to you. Absolutely no personal information stored in
your
computer, nor any other software, is transmitted.
Stock Blocks does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third
parties.
Stock Blocks may access and/or disclose your personal information only if
required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action
is necessary to protect and defend the rights and/or intellectual property
of Stock Blocks, in particular the Insider TA™ software.
We anonymously track visitor usage of our site for general marketing
purposes, such as determining what information is of most (and least)
interest to visitors, and for other purposes such as determining the
site's technical design specifications and identifying system performance
or problem areas. We track this activity utilizing Google Analytics.
Data Security
Stock Blocks is committed to protecting the security of your personal
information. We use PayPal for payment processing. Your credit card information
is encrypted and transmitted privately and directly to PayPal. Stock Blocks, Inc.
does not hold any information regarding your payment method.
Stockblocks.com is secured with a GoDaddy Standard SSL Certificate
with up to 256-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption.
If you receive a warning message, you can choose to continue despite
the warning. You can also choose to download and install the Starfield
/ ValiCert Root Certificate from their site. To view and install
the Starfield Technologies Root certificate, please go to https://certificates.starfieldtech.com/Repository.go.
You will want to click on both of the Root Certificates (valicert_class2_root.crt & sf_issuing.crt)
to install them.
Use of Cookies
Stock Blocks may at times use "cookies" to assist in the tracking of
users who respond to our advertised promotions.
When implemented, we never collect personally identifiable information,
nor do we track user activity on
sites outside of the stockblocks.com website. Stock Blocks also
contracts out to 3rd party Internet services (Google analytics, StarfieldTech.com),
as well as being an active affiliate to a variety of stock data providers.
Following our links to those respective sites may result in additional
cookies to be stored on the user's computer.
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web server.
Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server
in the domain that issued the cookie to you. You have the ability to
accept or decline cookies. Most browsers automatically accept cookies,
but you can usually modify your browser setting or firewall software
to decline cookies, if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies,
you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the
websites that you visit.
Contact Information
Stock Blocks welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that Stock Blocks has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact us by telephone, e-mail, or postal mail.
Stock Blocks, Inc.
P.O. Box 416
North Stonington, CT 06359
USA
(860) 889-6398
Last updated November 14, 2018
Home Page
Privacy Statement
Order
Update
Support
What's This? Map
Data Compatibility
Feedback
FAQ's
Demo
Quickstart
Std vs Pro
P.O. Box 416, North Stonington CT 06359
USA
Copyright ©1995-2020 Stock Blocks, Inc.®
Stock Blocks is a registered trademark of Stock Blocks, Inc.