https://stoller.com.au/privacy-policy/
Phone: 1800 337 845Phone: 1800 337 845|
Login
Toggle navigation
ABOUT US
Stoller Australia
Stoller Group
Testimonials
PRODUCTS
STOLLER SOLUTIONS
RESOURCES
Managing Salinity
Root Health
Pollination & Fruit Set
Increase Pollination
In Furrow Fertilizers
Hibernation
Foliar Fertilizers
Liquid Fertilizer
Seed Treatments
Post Harvest
Stress Programs
Stoller’s Recovery Program – Frost
BLOG
SIGN UP
CONTACT US
PRIVACY POLICY
Scope
It is the objective of this Privacy Policy to detail how Stoller Australia Pty Ltd (Stoller) intends to abide by the APPs (Australian Privacy Principals).
Our obligations
Thank you for dealing with Stoller Australia Pty Ltd, whose Head Office is located in Adelaide, SA. We respect and protect the privacy of our users. This privacy policy tells you how we collect
and use information. (APP 1) Stoller is bound by the provisions of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), including the Australian Privacy Principles.
Personal information
The term “Personal Information” in this privacy policy means any information from which your identity is apparent or can be reasonably ascertained.
Stoller collects personal information which is reasonably necessary to:
consider account and credit applications
maintain your account and contact details
process transactions to which you are a party
advertise, promote and provide you with products or services distributed by Stoller
improve our website and web services
You can communicate with us without telling us who you are or revealing other Personal Information. If you send us a contact or feedback form you do not need to identify yourself or use your real name (APP 2). If you contact us we will collect the email address you nominate and any other identifying information you provide, such as a name or phone number (APP 3).
If Stoller happens to receive personal information about you from a source other than you, or it is information provided by you which we did not request, Stoller undertakes to determine, within a reasonable period, if we could have requested such personal information under APP 3. If this is the case we may then use, and treat, that information in the same manner as if we had collected it under APP 3. If Stoller determines that we could not have collected the information under APP 3, we will undertake to destroy or de-identify that information, within a reasonable period. (APP 4) When Stoller is collecting personal information about you, we will make it clear to you, either at or before the time, or as soon as practicable afterwards, why we are collecting such information. This is particularly relevant if we are collecting personal information about you from someone other than yourself. We will also make it clear to you if we are required to collect such information by reason of a law or some other legal instrument; why we are collecting such information and any potential consequences for you if we do not collect such information. (APP5).
Please do not give us other personal or sensitive information.
Other than circumstances such as unlawful activity or serious threats to health and safety, we do not share Personal Information with other agencies. If you ask us about an issue that needs to be dealt with by another agency, we will provide you with the necessary details to make contact yourself. Stoller collects personal information from you for a specific reason. This is referred to as the primary purpose. Stoller agrees to not use or disclose this information for a secondary purpose unless you consent to us doing so, or under the circumstances involved we believe you would reasonably expect Stoller to use or disclose the information for a secondary purpose and that
that secondary purpose is related to the primary purpose. (APP 6) Stoller will only use any personal information we hold on you for the purpose of direct marketing if:
We collected the information involved
We believe you would reasonably expect us to use or disclose the information for direct marketing
We provide an option for you to request that we do not use the information for direct marketing – and you have not utilised this offer.
We will provide you with a simple means by which you may request not to receive direct marketing communications from Stoller. You may opt out of further contact from us at any time. (APP 7) Stoller will take all steps reasonable in the circumstances to ensure that the personal information we collect from you is accurate, up to date and complete. Where we collect information from you directly, we rely on you to supply accurate information and we may not consider that further steps are required (APP 10).
How we protect your Personal Information
Our website is hosted in Australia in secure facilities. To help protect the privacy of data and personal information we collect and hold, we maintain physical, technical and administrative safeguards. We update and test our security technology on an ongoing basis. Stoller will take all steps reasonable under the circumstances to protect your personal information from misuse, interference, loss; and unauthorised access, modification or
disclosure. If we no longer require to hold such personal information, we will take all reasonable steps under the circumstances to destroy or de-identify the information. (APP 11) We train our employees about the importance of confidentiality and maintaining the privacy and security of your information. Access to your Personal Information is restricted to employees who need it to provide benefits or services to you.
How we deal with complaints and requests
You may request access to Personal Information about you that we hold (APP 12) and you may ask us to correct your Personal Information if you find that it is not accurate, up-to-date or complete. (APP 13) You may also make a complaint about our handling of your Personal Information. These services are free of charge (APP 1). To protect your privacy and the privacy of others, we will need evidence of your identity before
we can grant you access to information about you or change it. You can contact us by email, or send your request or complaint to the postal address below. We undertake to respond within 30 days. If the request or complaint will take longer to resolve, we will provide you with a date by which we expect to respond (APP 1).
Website analytics
To improve your experience on Stoller’s website, we may use ‘cookies’. Cookies are an industry standard and most major web sites use them. A cookie is a small text file that our site may place on your computer as a tool to remember your preferences. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of Stoller’s website.
Our website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. When you go to other websites from here, we advise you to be aware and read their privacy policy.
Our website uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner
described in Google’s Privacy Policy and for the purposes set out above.
You can opt out of Google Analytics if you disable or refuse the cookie, disable JavaScript, or use the opt-out service provided by Google.
Stoller also uses interfaces with social media sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and others. If you choose to “like” or “share” information from this website through these services, you should review the privacy policy of that service. If you are a member of a social media site, the interfaces may allow the social media site to connect your visits to this site with other Personal Information
Contact us
Contact us by email to stoller@stoller.com.au Alternatively, you can write to us at:
Stoller Australia Pty Ltd
1 Creswell Road, Largs Bay South Australia 5016.
Phone: 1800 337 845Phone: 1800 337 845|Email: info@stoller.com.au
#WeAreStoller
Webmail
Privacy
Terms & conditions
© 2020 Stoller Europe | All rights reserved