http://stores.automationpartswarehouse.com/privacy-statement/
Loading... Please wait...
My Account
Order Status
Wish Lists
Cart
Sign in or Create an account
Search
Advanced Search |
Search Tips
Call: 1-623-204-2091
Home
About Us
Policies
Warranty
Asset Recovery
Customer Service
Contact Us
Special Offers
Categories
Andover
Siemens
Siemens PXC Series
Siemens MBC Parts
Siemens SCU Parts
Siemens RCU Parts
Siemens TEC Parts
Siemens UC Parts
Siemens FLN Controllers
Siemens MEC Parts
Siemens DPU/MPU
Siemens Trunk Interface
Siemens Valves & Actuators
Automated Logic
Modicon
ABB MOD 300
Alerton
Allen Bradley
GE Fanuc
Honeywell
Johnson Controls
Landis & Staefa
Setra Sensors
Field Devices
Siemens Texas Instruments
Security & Access Control
Vaisala
Clearance Items
HomePrivacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Automation Parts Warehouse is strongly committed to safeguarding your online privacy, and has taken steps to protect the information you share with us. APW ensures the integrity of all credit card transactions between you and APW with the most secure encryption technologies available. APW will make a sincere effort to respond to your requests to correct personal information inaccuracies in a timely manner. In accordance with standard practices, we highly recommend that you keep your username and password confidential.To provide you with a more personal and customized experience, APW collects certain personal information from you. Some personal information is gathered when you register. At other times, we may ask you for information so you may participate in special offers and promotions. If you would rather not receive this information, please send us an email to opt out. We do not sell or rent personal information to third parties and it is our policy to only share it with outside organizations who work on our behalf and agree to maintain your privacy.APW reserves the right to change this statement at any time by posting revisions on the APW web site. This privacy policy is not intended to, and does not, create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
Home  |
About Us  |
Policies  |
Warranty  |
Asset Recovery  |
Customer Service  |
Contact Us  |
Clearance Items  |
Special Offers
PO Box 6659, Glendale, AZ
85312-6659 | (623) 204-2091 | Sales@AutomationPartsWarehouse.com | Privacy Statement
All prices are in USD
Copyright 2020 Automation Parts Warehouse® is a trademark of Automation Parts Warehouse, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Sitemap |
Shopping Cart Software by BigCommerce