http://store.yahoo.com/privacypolicy.html
< Terms of Service CenterTerms of ServiceThis website and the Yahoo Small Business services and products offered are provided by Aabaco Small Business, LLC and its subsidiaries (the "Company") subject to the following Terms of Service ("Terms"), which may be updated from time to time without notice to the user ("You", "Your", or "Merchant"). By accessing and using this website and the services and products offered on it, You accept and agree to be bound by the Terms. In addition, when using this website, the services, or products, You will be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services, which may be posted and modified from time to time. All such guidelines and rules, including the Privacy Policy , the Site Guidelines , and certain third party agreements as described below, are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms (all together, the "Agreement"). THE SERVICES PROVIDED PURSUANT TO THESE TERMS ARE INTENDED FOR BUSINESS CUSTOMERS ONLY. BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU WILL USE THE SERVICE FOR BUSINESS PURPOSES, AND NOT FOR PERSONAL, HOUSEHOLD OR FAMILY PURPOSES.OVERVIEW The Agreement constitutes a legal document that details Your rights and obligations as a customer of the Company, Your use and access of the Company's websites, and Your use of services and products made available by the Company and all new features, tools, services or products that are added to the current services and products (each a "Service" and collectively, the "Services"). You agree that You have received, read and understand the Privacy Policy, the Site Guidelines and all other terms and policies applicable to any Service, including Business Mail, You access or use (each a "Policy," and collectively, the "Policies"). The current versions of the Policies are available in the Terms of Service Center.The Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove all or part of this Agreement, including any applicable fee, Policy, or guideline, at any time without notice or acceptance by You. Regardless of whether the Company has provided You individual notice, Your continued use of any Service following the Company's notice or posting of changed terms will constitute Your acceptance of such changes. It is Your responsibility to check regularly for changes to the Agreement. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT AND AGREE TO THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ANY POLICY, DO NOT USE THE SERVICES.Certain Services that You purchase or receive from the Company may be provided by one or more third-party vendors, contractors, or affiliates ("Third Party Vendor") selected by the Company or by You, and You are subject to additional terms between You and such Third Party Vendor for Your use of their services. It is Your responsibility to regularly review the terms between You and such Third Party Vendor and Your breach of such terms will be deemed a breach of this Agreement. You agree that the Company makes such services available "as is" and the Company has no liability arising from or relating to Your use of services provided by a Third Party Vendor. The Company does not endorse, authorize, or sponsor any Third Party Vendor, such Third Party Vendor’s website, content, information, products or services.By signing up for or using the Services You: (i) agree to be bound by this Agreement; (ii) represent and warrant that, if You are an individual, You are 18 years old or older or, if You are signing up for Services on behalf of an entity, that You have the legal authority to bind that entity and that such entity is a corporation, partnership, or other legal entity duly formed (and incorporated if applicable) in good standing where required to do business with all legal authority and power to accept this Agreement; (iii) agree to provide accurate, current, and complete information in the registration form, including billing and payment-related information (all together, the "Account Information"), and agree to maintain and update all Account Information to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete; (iv) agree that if You are signing up for Services on behalf of Your employer, Your employer will be the Account Owner; and (v) represent and warrant that You have the power and authority to enter into and perform under this Agreement. If You are a third party accessing an account(s) on behalf of an Account Owner (e.g., as an administrator, consultant, analyst, etc.), You agree that these Terms apply to Your activities on behalf of such Account Owner. Notwithstanding the foregoing, You are fully responsible for all activities under Your account, whether authorized by You or not. You hereby waive any applicable rights to require an original, non-electronic, signature or delivery or retention of non-electronic records, to the extent not prohibited under applicable law.The Company reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Services (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that the Company shall not be liable to You or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of any Service.INTELLECTUAL PROPERTYExcept for the rights expressly granted herein, this Agreement does not transfer from the Company to You any technology developed, licensed, or owned by the Company, and all rights, title, and interest in and to such technology will remain solely with the Company. The Company and You each agree that neither we nor You will, directly or indirectly, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to derive source code or other trade secrets from the other party.Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, You will not attempt to prohibit or enjoin the Company at any time from utilizing any skills or knowledge of a general nature acquired during the course of providing the Services, including from information publicly known or available or that could reasonably be acquired in similar work performed for another customer of the Company.You will not use the Company's name, trademarks, brand names, or any language, pictures, or symbols that could, in our sole discretion, imply the Company's identity in any (i) written or oral advertising or presentation, or (ii) brochure, newsletter, or other written material, without the Company's prior written consent. You agree that all press releases and other public announcements related to this Agreement and the Services, including the method and timing of such announcements, must be approved in advance by us in writing. Any violation of this Section 2 will be a material breach of this Agreement.OWNERSHIP AND SECURITYYou are required to create a password to access and use the Services, and You agree to keep Your password confidential. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the security of Your account, and You are fully responsible for all activities that occur under Your account and password, and any other actions taken in connection with any Service You use, access or allow others to use or access. You agree to immediately notify the Company of any unauthorized use of the Service or any other breach of security. The Company cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage from Your failure to comply with this security obligation. You agree that under no circumstances will the Company be liable, in any way, for any acts or omissions by You or any user of Your Service to whom You gave access, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.PAYMENT TERMSYou will pay all fees due according to the prices and terms applicable to Your Services, including all optional or additional features that You select. All setup fees and non-recurring charges, along with the recurring charges for the Initial Term, are due and payable upon initiation of the Service. Thereafter, recurring fees will be charged in advance to Your selected payment method. If Your selected payment method is invalid or You are otherwise past due in Your payments for any reason, the Service and other Services in the same order may be terminated without notice. Reactivation of the Service, if possible, after termination or cancellation for any reason will require the payment of additional fees. If You fail to pay fees when due, the Company may assign unpaid late balances to a collection agency for appropriate action. If legal action is necessary to collect on fees due, You agree to reimburse the Company for all expenses to recover fees due, including attorneys' fees and other legal expenses and all current charges for the Services as well as taxes and fees assessed against You or the Company on the charges and all late payments, interest, or other fees stated on Your bill. The Company may modify its billing practices or late payment charges by providing You with prior written notice (email sufficient) of the modification. The Company, in its discretion, may offer discounts or special offers from time to time.The Company will calculate all fees. See the Company's website(s) to find current pricing for each Service. If You are an existing customer, log in to Your account to see Your fees and payment schedule. The Company may, upon notice required by applicable laws, at any time change the amount of, or basis for, determining any fee or charge or institute new fees or charges with respect to the Services. Upon renewal of the Term of the Services, the prices charged may be changed without notice to the then prevailing price for the Services.You will be charged the applicable fees for the Service(s) You select.If You are a Merchant Solutions or Stores customer, You will be charged, as applicable, (1) a one-time setup fee, (2) a subscription fee, and (3) transaction fees equal to a percentage of the Total Revenue, with payments due the next month after the calendar month to which the transaction fee applies. "Total Revenue" means the total dollar amount, excluding shipping and handling charges and any applicable taxes, of all transactions conducted through Your Store. You may be entitled to exclude from Total Revenue those transactions conducted through Your Store that are canceled or for which no products are shipped to the purchaser ("Excluded Transactions"), except that You must identify a transaction as an Excluded Transaction within 90 days from the date on which the transaction was originally conducted in order for it be eligible for exclusion. The Company is entitled to audit Your records relating to Total Revenue, including Excluded Transactions, including by contacting the purchaser to confirm that a transaction is an Excluded Transaction.If You are a Website Design customer, You will be charged (1) a one-time set-up fee, and (2)
a monthly management fee in six-month increments which will recur and be charged every six months, with the first charge occurring at the same time as the one-time set-up fee.
Because of the nature of this product, customer understands and agrees that no refunds shall be offered for this product for the initial 6-month term.With the exception of Website Design customers who are still in the initial 6-month term, You can upgrade or downgrade between Services at any time. Upgrades and downgrades will take effect immediately. You will be automatically charged, via the payment method You provided, all fees based upon Your upgrade or downgrade. If You are due a refund, the amounts will be credited and refunded to You. If You change from one Service with a non-annual term to another with a non-annual term, Your payment method will be charged a pro-rata amount for the upgraded Service and credited a pro-rata amount for the unused previous Service. If You change from a Service with a non-annual term to a Service with an annual or multi-year term, Your payment method will be charged for the entire new term and credited a pro-rata amount for the unused non-annual Service. Both the refund and charge will be based on the number of days remaining in Your Term. The Term and anniversary date may change if You change from a non-annual Service to an annual or multi-year Service, or from an annual or multi-year Service to a non-annual Service. You may also be charged, as applicable, an upgrade or downgrade fee. Fees may not be credited towards other Services.To modify the frequency for recurring payment for any Service (e.g., convert from annual to monthly recurring fee), sign in to Your account, go to the "My Services" tab, and click on "Change Plan."You shall pay or be responsible for all federal, state, or local sales, use, excise, value added, gross receipts, municipal fees, transfer, transaction, property, or similar taxes, fees, or surcharges ("Tax") imposed on, or with respect to, the Services under this Agreement. In addition, You are responsible for charging and collecting from Your end-user customers all applicable taxes. You and not the Company are liable for any uncollected tax and any interest and penalty assessed thereon.Account Updater.
As a convenience to its users, Company may subscribe to a third party service that can attempt to refresh expired credit card or debit card numbers with the numbers of replacement cards so that any of your Services do not lapse because the payment method initially on file with Company has expired (“Account Updater”). By registering for any Service, you consent to this third party service and to that service’s use of applicable information from you solely in connection with the Account Updater. You also consent to Company’s receipt and use of updated credit card or debit card account information from your financial institution in connection with the provision of any Service as provided in these Terms, the Privacy Policy, and any additional Company policy, as applicable.TERMTerm.
The initial term of Your Services starts on the first date that You register with the Company or use any Service, including by visiting any of our websites, and will remain in effect for the period of time corresponding to the plan You selected ("Initial Term"). At the end of the Initial Term, Your Service will automatically renew on a recurring basis for the same period of time as the Initial Term (a "Renewal Term") unless You cancel in accordance with Section 5(b). The "Term" means the Initial Term and all Renewal Terms, if any. If You do not cancel prior to the start of a Renewal Term, You agree to renew Your subscription for the Renewal Term, and Your Service will be renewed at the then-current rates and fees. Except as set forth in this Agreement, neither party will be liable to the other for any termination or expiration of any Service or this Agreement in accordance with its terms.Cancellation/Termination by You.
You may cancel Your Service and terminate this Agreement at any time
at My Services at https://www.yahoosmallbusiness.com/services or by calling 800-761-4651 (USA) or 509-797-6375 (international). After the Initial Term, Your Service will automatically renew at the then current renewal rate, plus any applicable taxes and fees, on an automatic-renewal basis until you cancel. You also acknowledge that to avoid being charged at the full rate, you must cancel your subscription before any applicable discount or promotional period ends. An early termination fee may apply. Any cancellation must be done at least 30 days prior to the end of the then-current Term and will be effective at the end of the then-current Term, and You remain responsible for all fees accrued on Your account until such time. No refund will be provided for any payments You have made for any Service. After cancellation is effective, You will no longer have access to Your Services and all information and Content contained therein may be deleted by the Company.
If You are using a Commerce Central Service, You may terminate Your use of any "app" by going to Your Dashboard or the "app" settings. U.S. mail, voicemail, email, or other notification will NOT be accepted for Commerce Central app cancellation.Termination by the Company.
We may terminate this Agreement or any of the Services at any time, for any reason, upon notice to You. The Company may, but has no duty to, immediately suspend or terminate Your Service, terminate Your access and password, remove Your Service from the Company's servers, or remove any information or data within the Service, if the Company concludes, in its sole discretion, that You (a) have breached this Agreement, or any applicable law or regulation; (b) have provided false information as part of Your registration; (c) have failed to keep Your account information complete, true, and accurate; (d) are engaged in fraudulent or illegal activities or the sale of illegal or harmful goods or services; (e) are engaged in activities or sales that may damage the rights or reputation of the Company or others; (f) have caused a significant number of complaints for failing to be reasonably accessible to customers or timely fulfill customer orders; or (g) have become the subject of a government complaint or investigation (each "Termination for Cause"). Any Termination for Cause by the Company will take effect immediately, and You expressly agree that You will not have any opportunity to cure. If the Oath ID associated with Your Business Mail Services is terminated by Oath for any reason, this Agreement and Your access to the other Services may also be terminated. If You registered a new domain name in conjunction with Your Service, and the Company terminates Your Service due to a Termination for Cause, then the Company reserves the right to request the domain name provider to remove the domain name from the domain name registry and/or transfer the domain name from You to the Company. You acknowledge that if the Company transfers such domain name to the Company, the Company will hold all rights of the registered domain name holder in respect of that domain name, including the right to sell the domain name to a third party.Termination: Legal Event.
If a ruling, regulation, or order issued by a judicial, legislative, or regulatory body causes the Company to believe that this Agreement and/or any Service may be in conflict with such rules, regulations, and/or orders, the Company may suspend or terminate the Service or this Agreement without liability.Effect of Termination of Services.
Upon any cancellation or termination of a Service, including for past due payments, the Company reserves the right to permanently delete from its servers all information and Content contained in Your account or Service, including order processing information, mailing lists, files, email, and any websites generated by You or the Service. The Company accepts no liability for such deleted information or Content. Upon termination of the Service, You are solely responsible for all domain name renewals, ongoing fees, and removing the Company as the billing, technical contact, and name server in connection with Your domain name, unless the Company notifies You otherwise. If You do not redelegate or transfer Your domain after any cancellation or termination of Your Service, Your domain registration will expire and the Company may, at our discretion, assume the domain registration for our own account, delete it, or sell it to a third party. You agree that Your right and interest in a domain name ceases upon its expiration, and that any expired domain name may be made available for registration by a third party. All sections of the Agreement which by their nature should survive termination will survive termination, including warranty disclaimers and limitations of liability.Responsibility for Fees.
If the Company suspends a portion of Your Services due to a violation by You of this Agreement or any law, regulation, or Policy, You will remain liable for all fees applicable to the Service as a whole. If the Company terminates Your Services, You are liable for the payment of all fees applicable to the Services up to the date of termination, in addition to any early termination fees.Waiver.
You expressly waive any statutory or other legal protection in conflict with the provisions of this Section 5.POLICIESRepresentations and Warranties.
You represent and warrant that:You have full power and authority under all relevant laws and regulations: (a) to offer and sell the goods, products and services You offer or make available via the Services, including holding all necessary licenses from all applicable jurisdictions to engage in the advertising and sale of such goods, products, and services; (b) to copy and display the Content You use or display on, in or through the Services; and (c) to provide for credit card payment and delivery of such goods, products, or services;You are solely responsible for all goods, products, and services offered at and sold through or in connection with Your use of the Services and all Content used or displayed by You in or through the Services, and all acts or omissions that occur at, on or in connection with Your use of the Services, including all customer service, order fulfillment, and returns;in connection with the Services You use, You will display, and update as necessary, Your contact information, including Your company name, address, telephone number, fax number, and email address;You will comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, and orders;You will comply with the export, re-export, and import laws and regulations of the United States and other applicable countries where You operate or do business, including the United States Export Administration Regulations, the antiboycott rules, and the Office of Foreign Assets Control regulations;You will not use the Services to directly or indirectly conduct, promote, or facilitate business in countries and/or with nationals or members of governments that are subject to U.S. embargoes or trade sanctions (these embargoed and sanctioned countries are: Cuba, North Korea, Iran, Sudan, and Syria) and You are responsible for complying with any updates and revisions that the U.S. Government makes to this list of prohibited export destinations;You are not a party identified on any government export exclusion lists nor using the Services to conduct business with a party identified on such lists, including but not limited to the U.S. Denied Persons, Entity, and Specially Designated Nationals Lists; andYou will not use the Services to export items, Content, or materials to or for prohibited parties, countries, end users, or end uses, including to military, nuclear, missile, chemical, biological weaponry, and other prohibited activities, as identified in U.S. and other applicable export and import laws and regulations.Prohibited Uses.
You agree that You will not use the Services to, and shall not upload, post, transmit, email, store, sell, or otherwise make available any Content, information, or data on or through any of the Services which, in the sole judgment of the Company:is in violation of any local, state, federal, or foreign law or regulation;violates any copyright, trade secret, patent, or other intellectual property right of any person or entity;is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable;harms or depicts, describes or encourages harm to minors in any way;impersonates any person or entity, or host, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents Your affiliation with a person or entity;forges headers or otherwise manipulates identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted through the Service;You do not have a right to make available under any contractual or fiduciary relationship;any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other unauthorized form of solicitation;contains software viruses or any other code, files, or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any software or hardware;interferes with or disrupts the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobeys any requirements, procedures, policies, or regulations of networks connected to the Service;intentionally or unintentionally violates, attempts to violate, or avoids any applicable ICANN regulation or policy;provides material support or resources (or conceals or disguises the nature, location, source, or ownership of material support or resources) to any organization(s) designated by the United States government as a foreign terrorist organization;"stalks" or otherwise harasses a person or entity;collects, transmits, or stores personal or financial data about any person or entity, other than in accordance with this Agreement herein;promotes or provides instructional information about illegal activities, promotes physical harm or injury against any group or individual, or promotes any act of cruelty to animals;creates a home page (or directory) as storage for remote loading or as a door or signpost to another home page; orcollects, transmits, or stores any type of adult, mature, or sexually explicit content.The Company reserves the right to investigate You, Your business, and/or Your owners, officers, directors, managers, and other principals, Your websites, and the materials comprising such websites at any time to ensure Your compliance with this Agreement.Abusive User Behavior.
The Company uses certain confidential internal and third-party tools and techniques to protect users from abusive and other harmful behavior on the Internet and on the Company's servers. The Company reserves the right to take any action it deems necessary in its sole discretion, including terminating or suspending the Services and Your account, to protect against such abusive or harmful behavior. The Company updates these tools, techniques, and practices from time to time as the abusive practices and industry standards change. The Company is not responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred by You, or any third party, as the result of the Company taking or not taking any actions in response to any actual or perceived abusive user behavior.Content and Licenses to the Company.You understand that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, goods, products, services, links to other websites or resources, and other materials including Your name, trade names, trademarks, and Service marks ("Content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from which such Content originated. This means that You, and not the Company, are entirely responsible for all Content that You upload, post, transmit, or otherwise make available via the Service. The Content must comply with this Agreement, including the Policies, and all applicable laws and regulations.The Company does not claim ownership of the Content You place on, or submit to or through, the Services. By displaying Content on or submitting Content to the Company for inclusion on the Services, You grant the Company, its affiliates, Third Party Vendors, contractors and each of their successors and assignees, a worldwide, royalty-free, paid-up, transferable, perpetual, irrevocable and nonexclusive right and license to use, distribute, display, reproduce, publish, perform, syndicate, sublicense, and create derivative works from such Content in connection with Your use of the Services and in any and all media and display in any manner, including for promoting and redistributing all or part of the Company's websites and Services. You acknowledge that the Company does not prescreen Content, but that the Company and its affiliates, Third Party Vendors and each of their designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to display, publish, distribute, syndicate or remove any Content that is available via the Service. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company and its affiliates, Third Party Vendors, and each of their designees shall have the right to remove any Content that violates this Agreement, including any applicable Policy or Third Party Vendor’s terms or agreement, is illegal, or is otherwise objectionable as determined in, as applicable, the Company's or its affiliates or Third Party Vendor’s sole discretion. You agree that You must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content.The Company maintains information about You and the Services You use and access on the Company’s servers, including Your Account Information, Your customer order information, sales information, and clickstream data ("Merchant Information"). You grant to the Company an irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, transferable, perpetual license to use Merchant Information in aggregate form (i.e., in a form that is not individually attributable to You) (1) for research, marketing, and other promotional purposes; (2) for the Service to function; and (3) to conform to the technical requirements of connecting networks, the Services or other, similar requirements. You agree that the Company may disclose Merchant Information in the good faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary: (a) to comply with the law, legal process or inquiries; (b) to enforce this Agreement; or (c) to protect the rights or interests of the Company or others. You agree that the Company may delete customer credit card information from the Company's servers 14 days after You retrieve such information, and may delete all other Merchant Information from the Company's servers at the end of each calendar year. You also agree that the Company may access Your account and its contents as necessary to identify or resolve technical problems or respond to complaints about the Service.The Services may display, or contain links to, third-party products, services, and websites. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information that constitutes part of the content expressed, authored, or made available by third parties on, or accessible through, the Services (collectively, "Third Party Content") are those of the such third party and not the Company. The Company does not control Third Party Content and does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality of such Third Party Content. It is Your responsibility to evaluate the information, opinion, advice, or other content available in and through such Third Party Content.Consent to Receive Calls and Text Messages.By providing your telephone number(s), including your mobile phone number, to the Company, You expressly consent to receive marketing and non-marketing calls and text messages from the Company and others calling or texting on its behalf, including but not limited to, calls and text messages made with an autodialer or prerecorded voice, at the telephone number(s) that You provide. Such calls and text messages may include, for example, marketing messages, password reminders, authentication messages, account- or service-related alerts and reminders, customer service communications, satisfaction surveys, and other types of calls and text messages. You may opt-out of these communications, except for communications regarding Your account, Services, and the security of Your account, at any time by signing in to Your account and going to Your "Profile."You agree to notify the Company promptly of any changes to the telephone number(s) that You provide. You also agree to indemnify Company and its vendors, service providers, and parties calling or texting on its behalf in full for all claims, expenses, and damages related to or caused in whole or in part by your failure to notify Company if you change your telephone number, including but not limited to all claims, expenses, and damages related to or arising under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act.Your Privacy Policy.
You agree (a) to post a privacy policy in Your Store, or on Your website if You sell or promote products and services from Your website, that, at a minimum, (i) complies with all applicable federal, provincial and state privacy laws and regulations and (ii) discloses all uses of personal information that You collect from users; (b) to disclose in Your privacy policy that the Company may access and use Your customer's personal information and to include therein a link to the Privacy Policy; (c) to provide a link to Your privacy policy on the homepage of Your Store or Your website and on all pages where You collect personal information from users, including all checkout pages; and (d) to use Your customer’s personal information only as expressly permitted by Your privacy policy. You agree to indemnify and defend the Company from and against all claims stemming from Your failure to comply with this provision and/or Your failure or refusal to abide by the terms and provisions of the Privacy Policy.Provisions for Use and Security of Cardholder DataFor purposes of this Section, the term "Cardholder Data" refers to the information stored on the magnetic stripe or chip of a credit or debit card, including the number assigned by the card issuer that identifies the cardholder's account or other cardholder personal information.This Section applies to any Merchant that either itself, or through a processor or other agent, stores, processes, handles, or transmits Cardholder Data in any manner. Merchant shall at all times comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard ("PCI DSS") requirements for Cardholder Data that are prescribed by the PCI Security Standards Council, as they may be amended from time to time (collectively, the "PCI DSS"). Copies of the most current PCI DSS and related documentation are available on the PCI Security Standards Council website. Merchant agrees that Cardholder Data may be used only for completing a card transaction, for fraud control services, for loyalty programs, or as specifically agreed to by the applicable payment card association rules, the PCI DSS, or as required by applicable law. In the event of a breach or unauthorized access to Cardholder Data stored at or for Merchant, Merchant shall fully comply with all applicable federal and state laws immediately notify the card issuer in the manner required in the PCI DSS, and provide the payment card associations and the acquiring financial institution and their respective designee access to Merchant's facilities and all pertinent records to conduct a review of Merchant's compliance with the PCI DSS. Merchant shall fully cooperate with any such review. Merchant shall maintain appropriate business continuity procedures and systems to ensure security of Cardholder Data in the event of a disruption, disaster, or failure of Merchant's primary data systems. If Merchant or its successors and assigns continue to store Cardholder Data after the termination of this Agreement, it shall comply with the PCI DSS after termination of this Agreement.The ecommerce Services are compliant with the PCI DSS and are listed as a VISA CISP-compliant service provider. The Company will conduct periodic audits as required to maintain compliance with the PCI DSS as a service provider.Proprietary RightsYou agree that the Services and any necessary software used in connection with the Service contains proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. You further agree that Content available from the Company for the Services, contained in advertisements, or information presented to You through the Services, is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, or other proprietary rights and laws and You will not remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notices (including copyright and trademark notices) on any portion of the Services or Content. Except as expressly authorized by the Company, You agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based on such Content or the Services, in whole or in part.The Company grants to You a limited, personal, nontransferable, and nonexclusive license to use the Services; provided that You do not and do not attempt to (and do not allow any third party to or to attempt to) reproduce, duplicate, copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble, attempt to discover any source code, sell, resell, distribute, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in, or otherwise transfer any right in or exploit the Services. You agree not to modify the Services in any manner or form, or to use modified versions of the Services. You agree not to access the Service by any means other than through the interface that is provided or authorized by the Company.You may not use websites or any page thereof generated by means of the Services, other than Content that originates from and is proprietary to You, on any server other than the servers controlled by the Company without the Company's express written agreement. You also agree that the Services are intended for access and use by means of web browsing software, and that the Company does not commit to support any particular browsing platform or version thereof. The Company reserves the right at any time to revise and modify the Services, release subsequent versions thereof and to alter features, specifications, capabilities, functions, and other characteristics of the Services, without notice to You. If any revision or modification to the Services materially changes Your ability to conduct business, Your sole remedy is to cancel Your Service.Limitations.
The Services are a multi-tenant, shared service, which means a number of customers' Services are hosted from the same server. To ensure that the Company is reliable and available for the greatest number of users, Your usage cannot adversely affect the performance of other customers’ Services. Using an account as an online storage space for archiving electronic files is prohibited. You agree that if, in the Company's sole discretion, You are deemed to have violated this section, or if the Company, in its sole discretion, deems it necessary due to excessive burden or potential adverse impact on the Company's systems, potential adverse impact on other users, server processing power, server memory, abuse controls, or other reasons, the Company may suspend or terminate Your account without notice to You and with no liability to the Company.RESERVATION OF RIGHTS Company reserves the right to cancel, terminate, suspend, lock, deny or modify access to (or control of) any Account or Service at any time for any reason as determined by Company in its sole and absolute discretion, including but not limited to the following:to assist with our fraud and abuse detection and prevention efforts,to correct mistakes made by Company in offering or delivering any Service (including any domain name registration),to protect the integrity and stability of, and correct mistakes made by, any domain name registry or registrar,to comply with court orders against You and/or Your domain name or website and applicable local, state, national and international laws, rules and regulations,to comply with requests of law enforcement, including subpoena requests,to comply with any dispute resolution process,to defend any legal action or threatened legal action without consideration for whether such legal action or threatened legal action is eventually determined to be with or without merit,to avoid any civil or criminal liability on the part of Company, its officers, directors, employees and agents, as well a Company's parent companies and affiliates, including, but not limited to, instances where You have sued or threatened to sue Company, orto respond to an excessive amount of complaints related in any way to Your Account, domain name(s), or content on Your website that could result in damage to Company’s business, operations, reputation or shareholders. Company also expressly reserves the right to terminate, without notice to You, any and all Services where, in Company's sole discretion, You are harassing or threatening Company and/or any of Company's employees or agents.BUSINESS MAIL SERVICESAll Business Mail users must have an Oath ID and in addition to this Agreement, Your use and access of Business Mail are subject to the Oath Terms of Service , and the Oath Privacy Policy (collectively, with this Agreement, the "Business Mail Terms").If You use Business Mail (not Custom Mailbox) You may create email sub-accounts for certain users ("Sub-Account Users") so that they may send and receive email with selected email addresses. You expressly agree that any violation of this Agreement, any Policy or any applicable Third Party Vendor agreement may result in termination of any and all email accounts, as determined in the Company's sole discretion.If You are a Sub-Account User, You agree that Your use of Your Business Mail sub-account is subject to the Business Mail Terms and the Business Mail Sub-Account User Terms of Service , and that Your violation of any of the foregoing, or any applicable Third Party Vendor terms of service may result in termination of Your sub-account, or the Account Owner’s Services, as determined in the Company's sole discretion. All information and data, including all emails, contact information, calendar entries, and all notepad data, residing in a Sub-Account User's sub-account may be accessed and controlled by the Account Owner.COMMERCE CENTRAL SERVICESMarketing Services. If You use any of the Commerce Central marketing Services Your use of such Services is subject to the terms below:Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby appoint the Company, and the Company hereby agrees to provide marketing and promotional services to You, in connection with the development and execution of advertising and promotional programs for You or Your products or services ("Customer Products"), using methods and forms of media as chosen by us in our sole discretion, in order to promote and advertise Customer Products.The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to select and implement advertising and promotional methods that it believes will be effective. The Company makes no guarantees regarding the success of the Services, or of any particular method or campaign. The Company will not be liable to You for the failure of any third party, including any media or suppliers, to fulfill its commitments to the Company or You. You acknowledge that some advertising and promotional methods may require the approval of third parties, which have sole discretion regarding such approval. The Company makes no guarantee that any particular advertising or promotional method will be used.You hereby grant the Company the authority to track the behavior of, and otherwise to collect information regarding, users of the Customer Products, including by placing (or permitting others to place) pixel tags and other objects in advertisements and other Content that is displayed on the Customer Products, and by placing (or permitting others to place) cookies on the browsers of users of the Customer Products. You agree that the Company and certain third parties may use the information described in the preceding sentence to provide the Services to You, and may also use and disclose such information for other purposes (e.g., improving products and services) in accordance with the Privacy Policy and, in the case of third parties, their own privacy policies, if any.Linking to the Services. You may not link to the Services, without the Company's approval and only as contemplated by the nature of the particular Service. Any deep linking to internal parts of our Services, framing of the Services within or as part of any third-party services, or any other manner of incorporating parts of the Services as part of another website or service, is not permitted without our prior written consent.DOMAIN SERVICE New Domains.
If You register a new domain name in conjunction with any Service, the following terms apply:Tucows Inc. (via its OpenSRS registrar) ("Tucows"), an ICANN accredited registrar, provides domain name registration services for the Company. You authorize the Company to acquire Your selected domain name from Tucows. You acknowledge that the Company cannot guarantee the availability of the domain name You select until the Company receives confirmation of its order from Tucows, which may take several business days. In order to receive a domain name, You must agree to Tucows's terms and conditions, as may be amended (currently available here). The Company is the "Reseller" under Tucow’s terms and conditions. By using the domain name Services, and agreeing to Tucow’s terms and conditions, You explicitly authorize Tucows to act as Your Designated Agent, as stipulated by the ICANN Transfer Policy, to approve a Change of Registrant on Your behalf. You understand that You are creating a separate contractual relationship between You and Tucows, and that You, and not the Company, are responsible for all fees, liability, and obligations in connection with that relationship. Until the Service is canceled or otherwise terminated, the Company will pay on Your behalf the domain registration/renewal fees as part of the Service.You agree that Your obligations to indemnify under "Indemnity" in this Agreement includes any claim or demand associated with Your domain name, any domain name pre-registration services provided through the Service, or the Tucows terms and conditions.You will be listed in the Whois directory as the registrant and administrative contact in connection with Your domain name, unless You choose another registrant and administrative contact. If You choose a registrant and administrative contact other than Yourself, such person(s) must enter into an agreement directly with Tucows and will also be bound by this Agreement. Domain expiration notices will be sent by email to the registrant and administrative contact prior to the domain name's expiry date.You authorize the Company to list the Company as the billing contact, technical contact, and name server in connection with Your domain name and to take any actions the Company deems appropriate in those capacities and to immediately cease acting in those capacities upon termination of Your Services. The Company reserves the right to transfer Your account to Tucows for collection of past-due amounts. In the event of such transfer, You authorize Tucows to serve as the billing contact, technical contact, and name server in connection with Your domain name, and to take any action Tucows deems appropriate in those capacities.For more information about domains and ICANN’s policies see ICANN's Registrant Education Materials at http://www.icann.org/en/registrars/registrant-rights-responsibilities-en.htm, ICANN's Registrant Rights and Benefits page at http://www.icann.org/en/resources/registrars/registrant-rights/benefits, and ICANN’s Transfer Policy at https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/transfer-policy-2016-06- 01-en.Existing Domains.
If You have previously registered a domain name with another provider and want to use it with the Service, You must request that the existing registrar change the nameservers for the domain name as designated by the Company. THE EXISTING REGISTRAR WILL CONTINUE TO BE THE REGISTRAR FOR THAT DOMAIN, AND YOU WILL CONTINUE TO BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL ONGOING FEES FOR THAT DOMAIN NAME WITH THE EXISTING REGISTRAR, INCLUDING RENEWAL FEES. THE FEES PAYABLE TO THE COMPANY FOR THE SERVICE DO NOT INCLUDE REGISTRATION OR RENEWAL FEES OWED BY YOU TO YOUR EXISTING REGISTRAR.Registrar.
Tucows is the Company's current registrar of record, and You agree to and are subject to Tucows’ terms and conditions currently available here: https://opensrs.com/wp-content/uploads/Tucows_ExhibitA.html.
By agreeing to Tucow’s terms and conditions, You explicitly authorize Tucows to act as Your Designated Agent, as stipulated by the ICANN Transfer Policy, to approve a Change of Registrant on Your behalf. The Company may change registrars or become a registrar at any time. If the Company does so, the Company may request in writing that You transfer the domain name registered for the Service to the new registrar of record. If You do not agree to this request within 30 days, You agree that the Company will continue to provide the Service to You, but, in its sole discretion, may either:require You to pay an additional fee to the Company for the Service in order to renew and maintain Your domain name with the prior registrar of record; orrequire You to be responsible for all fees, including any renewal fees, directly with the prior registrar of record, in which case You authorize the Company to cease to pay for the domain name fees as part of the Service, and change the billing contact details for the domain name from the Company to You by providing Your applicable Account Information to the prior registrar of record.Verifying Your Domain Name Information.
In compliance with ICANN regulations and the applicable registrar’s terms and conditions, and in order to minimize the risk of fraud, the Company may at any time request You to verify any information required to be supplied by a registrant ("Required Information"). If You fail to respond to any such request or fail to verify any Required Information to the Company's reasonable satisfaction, within 15 days of any such request from the Company, the Company may, in its sole discretion, immediately terminate Your Service and remove any of Your Content, including Your domain name, from the Company's servers.Private Domain Registration.
If You choose to register a domain name using the Private Domain Registration feature of the Service, which will substitute certain information relating to the registration of the Domain Name, such as the name, postal address, email address, telephone number, and fax number of the administrative contact, technical contact, and billing contact, and where applicable, the postal address, telephone number, and fax number of the registrant contact ("Contact Details"), but not the organization name, the following terms also apply:The Company has chosen Tucows, to provide the Private Domain Registration features of the Service. With respect to all matters concerning the Private Domain Registration feature of the Service, You agree with all of the terms and conditions of the Registration Agreement between You and Tucows, which is located at the following link: https://opensrs.com/wp-content/uploads/Tucows_ExhibitA.html.You agree to keep all information provided to the Company and Tucows complete, true, and accurate at all times.You understand that Your billing and contact information must be complete, true, and accurate at all times.You will not use or attempt to use the Private Domain Registration feature to avoid legal obligations, including any requirement to register Yourself or any entity with the appropriate governmental organizations, or to avoid, resist, or make more difficult the service of legal process on You, or any legal entity.You will respond in a timely manner to all communications from the Company, Tucows and all communications from a third party forwarded to You by Tucows.YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT ANY CANCELLATION, FAILURE TO RENEW, TERMINATION, OR DESELECTION OF PRIVATE DOMAIN REGISTRATION FEATURES BY EITHER YOU OR THE COMPANY WILL RESULT IN THE REGISTRATION INFORMATION OF THE ASSOCIATED DOMAIN(S) BEING MADE PUBLICLY AVAILABLE AND BEING PUBLISHED IN THE PUBLIC WHOIS DATABASE.YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT THE COMPANY AND/OR TUCOWS MAY DISCLOSE THE CONTACT DETAILS REGARDING THE RELEVANT DOMAIN NAME WITHOUT ANY LIABILITY TO YOU, IF THE COMPANY OR TUCOWS CONSIDERS, IN THEIR SOLE DISCRETION, THAT DISCLOSURE IS NECESSARY OR DESIRABLE TO COMPLY WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OR DIRECTIONS OF ANY GOVERNMENT AGENCY OR REGISTRY, ANY APPLICABLE LAW, REGULATION OR RULE, SUBPOENA, COURT ORDER, OR ENFORCEMENT AGENCY REQUEST; OR IF ANY THIRD PARTY INSTITUTES OR THREATENS TO INSTITUTE PROCEEDINGS AGAINST THE COMPANY OR TUCOWS, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WITH RESPECT TO THE RELEVANT DOMAIN NAME.Dormant Domains.
The Company runs advertisements and promotions on Dormant Domains. A "Dormant Domain" is any domain name that uses the Company's name servers and is not being used by You to display Your content. A domain may become dormant if (i) You do not set up the starter website offered as part of the Services, (ii) You do not modify the default "Under Construction" webpage of the Services, or (iii) Your Service is canceled or expires and You do not redelegate or transfer the domain to another provider. By allowing Your domain to become a Dormant Domain, You agree that the Company has the right to run advertisements and promotions on such domains. If You would like the Company to cease running advertisements and promotions on Your Dormant Domain You must contact us. Your interaction with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or through a Dormant Domain are solely between You and such advertiser. The Company is not responsible or liable for any loss or damage incurred as the result of such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on a Dormant Domain.DISPUTES REGARDING ACCOUNT OR DOMAIN OWNERSHIPThe "Account Owner" of an account created for use of the Services or a Domain is deemed to be the party that is financially responsible for such Services or Domain. Any changes to or questions relating to any Service or account will only be addressed with the Account Owner. Should the Account Owner desire to designate a representative to act on his/her/its behalf, he/she/it must do so in writing to the Company. If a dispute arises regarding ownership of any account or Domain, the Company is not obligated to, and will not resolve any such dispute.If multiple individuals contact the Company claiming ownership of an account or Domain, the Company will reasonably attempt to notify all involved parties. In order for the Company to take any action, a court order from a court of competent jurisdiction or joint directive executed by all concerned parties including the seal of a licensed notary must be received. The joint directive or court order must contain explicit directive and clear instruction to the Company on rightful ownership. The joint directive or court order must also contain an explicit directive to the Company requiring the Company to facilitate the transfer within a specified timeframe.Send all documents noted above to Aabaco Small Business, LLC at 701 First Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94089. Please allow ten to fifteen business days from receipt for review and processing of documents received in relation to any dispute.Please note that the Company may suspend all access to the disputed account, Domain or other Services during any dispute process. The account and/or Services may remain suspended until such time as the dispute has been successfully resolved. The Company will not be responsible for any loss of data, files or Content during the dispute process. All fees that are due and owing will be charged accordingly during any suspension and if such fees are unable to be collected during suspension, then payment of all outstanding fees become due immediately upon reactivation of the Service or account.WEBSITE DESIGN SERVICEYou understand and agree that Company’s Website Design Service is provided by Company and a third-party and per Company’s Privacy Policy, Your personal information may be shared with such third party to provide You the Website Design Service. Such third-party has agreed to comply with Company’s Privacy Policy (and other applicable policies) to ensure that Your personal information is only used as stated in these Terms of Service and in Company’s Privacy Policy.You also understand and agree that your administrator access will be shared with Company and/or its third-party provider in order to provide you with the Website Design Service and any maintenance or updates. This may be done manually or via an automated process, and if via an automated process, You will be able to extend such access in periodic increments after the initial 6 months. Also, edit access to the Website Design Service will be shared with You and You will be able to set the password once Your Website is live.BUSINESS MAKER LEGAL PACKAGEThe Business Maker Legal Package, business formation services, EIN, business license report, and Registered Agent service products are provided by Legalinc Corporate Services, Inc. ("Legalinc"), a third party vendor and their sub-providers. By accepting our TOCs, you are also accepting the Legalinc Terms and Conditions, available at https://legalinc.com/terms-and-conditions/ .Please review these terms carefully as they require the use of arbitration on an individual basis to resolve disputes, rather than jury trials or class actions, and also limit the remedies available to you in the event of a dispute.In purchasing Registered Agent services, you acknowledge and agree that Legalinc may work with third-party providers and sub-providers of their choice to fulfill these services (each a, "Registered Agent"). In the event that you choose to cancel or terminate your Registered Agent services, you are responsible for assigning another registered agent prior to your cancellation/termination. Where lawful, you may choose to appoint yourself as registered agent. You are responsible for paying all fees related to changing your agent (including appointment and/or registration fees.) Should you fail to assign an alternative registration agent, you agree and authorize your Registered Agent to resign at Legalinc's sole discretion.BUSINESS MAKER POINT OF SALE Supplemental Terms of ServiceGeneralIn addition to the Yahoo Small Business Terms of Service (“Terms”) applicable to the Company’s Services generally, these Yahoo Small Business Mobile Point of Sale Supplemental Terms (“Supplemental Terms”) are also applicable to Your access and use of Yahoo Small Business’s Mobile Point of Sale (“POS”). The Terms and these Supplemental Terms (collectively, “Combined Terms”) are effective as of the earlier of the date You accept these Combined Terms online or begin using the POS. The POS services offered by the Company, which are governed by these Combined Terms, include products and services that are designed to help You accept credit cards, debit cards and other payment types when You sell goods and services to buyers in person (“Point of Sale Services” or “POS Services”). POS is available in the fifty United States and the District of Columbia only with payment in US Dollars.You agree to use the POS Services in accordance with all procedures that may be provided by the Company and/or third-party vendors from time to time. You will be subject to any posted Company and/or third-party vendor guidelines or rules applicable to such services and products, which may be posted and modified from time to time without notice to You. In addition, all such guidelines and rules, including certain third-party agreements, are hereby incorporated by reference into these Combined Terms and made a part hereof (all together, the "POS Agreement").You must use the POS Services in a lawful manner, and must obey all laws, rules, and regulations (“Laws”) applicable to Your use of the POS Services and to transactions. As applicable, this may include compliance with Laws related to the use or provision of financial services, notification and consumer protection, unfair competition, privacy, and false advertising, and any other Laws relevant to transactions. This may also include compliance with any rule, policy, guideline, or bylaw of any of the card networks. (e.g., Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover) or of third-party vendors.The POS Services are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis, and Your use of the POS Services is at Your sole risk. In particular, it is Your sole responsibility to ensure that Your use of the POS Services complies with any laws or regulations applicable to You and Your business, and allows You to meet any legal obligations You might have. Such laws might include requirements regarding the retention and/or storage location or accounting, taxation and/or transaction records. The Company makes no representation or warranty regarding Your ability to comply with laws applicable to You when You use the POS Services.The Company does not warrant that (a) the POS Services will meet Your specific requirements; (b) the POS Services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free; (c) the POS Services will be accurate or reliable; (d) the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by You through the POS Services will meet Your expectations; (e) that the POS Services will be available at any particular time or location; or (f) any error in the POS Services will be corrected.You acknowledge that the Company may use third-party vendors to provide hardware, software, payment processing, networking, connectivity, storage and other technology in order to provide the POS Services. The acts and omissions of those third-party vendors are outside of the Company’s control, and the Company does not accept any liability for any loss or damage suffered as a result of any act or omission of any third-party vendor.On behalf of itself and such third-party vendors, the Company excludes other warranties that may be implied or otherwise apply under statute or other applicable law, to the maximum extent permitted by law.You acknowledge and agree that the Company may amend or restate these Combined Terms at any time by posting the relevant amended terms on the POS Program Dashboard. Such amendments are effective as of the date of posting. If a significant change is made, in the Company’s sole discretion, the Company will provide reasonable notice by email, posting a notice on the Company’s Blog at https://yahoosmallbusiness.tumblr.com and/or on the POS Program Dashboard. Your continued use of the POS Services after the sending of the notice by email, or after the notice is posted on the Company’s Blog, or to the Company’s POS Program Dashboard constitutes Your agreement to, and acceptance of, the amended and/or restated terms. If You do not agree to such changes to the Combined Terms, You must terminate Your POS Services by terminating Your account. It is Your responsibility to check regularly for changes to the Combined Terms.The Company may decide to cease providing all or some of the POS Services at any time, and nothing in these Combined Terms is to be taken as a guarantee that any POS Services, including the POS Application (“POS App”) will also be available, either in its current form or at all, or that the Company will support, maintain or continue to offer the POS Services, the POS App, or any version of them.The Company may work with a number of partners, third-party vendors and other third parties to promote, market and integrate other products and services with the POS Services. In some cases, we may receive referral fees from these partners, third-party vendors and other third parties for referring our customers to them, or the Company may pay a referral fee to third parties where customers are referred to us.If any inconsistency exists between the terms of the Terms and these Supplemental Terms, then these Supplemental Terms shall control Your use of POS Services. Except as amended by these Supplemental Terms, all terms and conditions of the Terms shall continue and remain in full force and effect.Description of POS Services and UseThe POS Services include the POS, third-party POS hardware and firmware (collectively, “POS Device”), programs, website, documentation, apps, tools, internet-based services and components, and any updates thereto provided to You by the Company and/or third-party vendors. Any new features or tools which are added to the current POS Services shall also be subject to these Combined Terms. Payment processing services are provided by third-party vendors.To use the POS Services, You must (a) create a Business Maker account on the Yahoo Small Business website; (b) select a POS Device, if You don’t have one already; (c) install the POS App on a compatible mobile device; (d) log in and pair the POS Device with the POS App, if You have not already done so; and (e) pay for the POS in accordance with the "Fee" Section below in these Supplemental Terms. You must either (1) download the POS App from the Apple Inc. (“Apple”) App Store® online store and accept Apple’s Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and any other Apple agreement applicable to devices using the iOS operating system; or (2) download the POS App from the Google Play™ store and accept Google LLC’s (“Google”) Play Terms of Service, the Android Market Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and any other Google and Android agreement applicable to devices using the Android operating system. For Credit Card Services Only: In order to process credit card payments using the POS app for Android, the payment processor requires that You enable location services in order to mitigate instances of fraud, reduce risk and minimize payment disputes. IF YOU DO NOT ENABLE LOCATION SERVICES ON YOUR POS DEVICE, YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PROCESS CREDIT CARD PAYMENTS. YOU WILL STILL BE ABLE TO ACCESS THE POS APP FOR ANDROID FOR CASH TRANSACTIONS. There is no fee to download the POS App from either the Apple App Store or the Google Play store.It is Your responsibility to ensure that users of Your account (“Your Users”) comply with these Combined Terms, and any terms and conditions provided by third-party vendors. You agree that You are at all times liable for the actions or omissions of Your Users, and that You will indemnify and hold the Company harmless from the actions or inactions of Your Users in connection with their use of the POS Services and/or POS Device.Once You are approved for POS Services by the Company, and have ordered Your POS Device, Your POS Device order will be fulfilled by the Company. The Company will mail Your POS Device to You at the address You provided after sign up.The Company may reject Your application for an Account for any reason in its sole discretion without liability.Receiving and Using Your POS DeviceThe POS Device is purchased, not leased. The POS Device is subject to the legal agreements provided by the third-party vendor and/or the Company. Upon payment (if any) by You to the Company for the POS Device, and confirmation to You of shipment of the POS Device by the Company, You will acquire ownership of the hardware components of the Device. The POS Firmware installed in the Device (and any updates thereto), will be licensed to You by a third-party vendor, and is subject to that third-party vendor’s terms of use and/or other agreements, which generally can be found on that third-party vendor’s website.The POS Device must be used with a compatible mobile device. For a current list of compatible mobile devices, please visit https://help.smallbusiness.yahoo.net/s/article/SLN29496 The Company does not warrant that the POS Services will be compatible with Your mobile device or Your carrier. Your use of the POS Services may be subject to the terms of Your agreements with Your mobile device manufacturer and/or Your carrier.If Your mobile device was modified contrary to the manufacturer’s software or hardware guidelines, including but not limited to “jailbreaking,” which means disablement of the device’s hardware or software security controls, then Your use of the POS Services may be affected.Returning or Replacing Your POS DeviceReturning Your POS Device is not permitted. If Your POS Device does not work, please contact Yahoo Small Business Customer Support at 800-351-4165 (US toll-free number) or email us throughhttps://help.smallbusiness.yahoo.net/s/contactsupport. The Company may limit the number of POS Devices You can receive at any time, including the number of replacement POS Devices You may ever receive. For warranty information regarding the POS Device, please see the third-party vendor’s warranty, generally provided on the website of the third-party vendor.Using the POS AppIf You are using the POS App, You may need to install a new or updated version before You can receive the benefit of those changes.You agree that any transactions that You submit through the POS App shall have an accurate and true description of the goods and services being purchased. You also agree to comply with any instructions provided to You for accessing and using the POS App.License GrantThe Company grants You a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use the POS Services, including the POS App, in accordance with these Combined Terms and documentation. This license grant includes all updates, upgrades, new versions and replacement software, inclusive of the POS App. The Company may make updates to the POS Services available to You via the POS App, which You agree to install to continue using the POS Services. Any such updates to the POS App may be subject to additional terms made known to You at that time.You may not rent, lease or otherwise transfer Your license to use the POS Services, including the POS App, to a third party. You agree not to alter, reproduce, adapt, distribute, display, publish, reverse engineer, translate, disassemble, decompile or otherwise attempt to create any source code which is derived for the POS App. You acknowledge that all rights, title and interest to the POS Services, as between You and the Company, and the POS App are owned by the Company.Any third-party software, applications, hardware and/or firmware You use in connection with the POS App is subject to the license You agreed to with the third party, including third-party vendors, that provides You with the software, applications, hardware and/or firmware. The Company does not own, control nor have any responsibility or liability for any third-party software, applications, hardware and/or firmware You elect to use in connection with the POS Services.You grant the Company a royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual license to use for the Company’s business purposes (including for product improvement, research and development, data analytics and other commercial purposes) information and/or data collected by the Company or its third-party vendors through Your use of the POS Services.You may provide the Company with comments, feedback or suggestions regarding the POS Services, and You agree that the Company will be free to use, modify and incorporate such suggestions without any obligation to You.FeesYou will be charged the applicable fees for the POS Services and the Card Reader You select. The fees charged for use of the POS Services are set out on the Company’s website (or as notified to You in the case of some exclusive plans) (“Fees”) and are subject to change. Fees are charged in advance on a monthly, annually or two-year basis (pre-paid) and are non-refundable, including if You only use part of a month, year or two-year subscription for POS Services. The Company will not provide refunds in connection with the POS Services, unless required by applicable law. A valid credit card number is required for paying all Fees.If You participate in a free trial of the POS Services (as offered on the Company’s website or the POS App), the free trial will begin on the day that Your account is opened for one month. If You wish to continue to use the POS Services at the end of the free trial period, You will need to upgrade Your free trial to a paid subscription on the Company’s Business Maker website and provide valid credit card information. If You choose not to continue with the POS Services, then Your account (and all data associated with it) will be deleted after 90 days following the end of Your free trial, unless the Company is required to retain it for a longer period under applicable law. No credit card is required by the Company for Your participation in the free trial. The Company reserves the right to discontinue any free trial of the POS Services at any time in its sole discretion.If You participate in a free trial of the POS Services (as offered on the Company’s website or the POS App) and choose to continue Your POS Services at the end of the free trial period as set forth in the immediately preceding Section, You may choose at the time of Your upgrade to a paid subscription on the Company’s Business Maker website to also choose an upgraded POS Device for a fee. The fees charged for an upgraded POS Device are set out on the Company’s website (or as notified to You in the case of some exclusive plans) (“POS Fees”) and are subject to change. The credit card that You submitted when You upgraded to a paid subscription will be charged for the upgraded POS Device should You choose an upgraded POS Device. You will only be allowed to choose an upgraded POS Device at the same time as You upgrade from the free trial to a paid subscription. Any POS Device you received as part of Your free trial (if any) is Yours to keep.The Company reserves the right to change the Fees and/or POS Fees, and/or introduce new pricing packages and terms, at any time by giving You 30 days’ prior notice by email to the email address You gave after sign-up, posting a notice on the Company’s Blog at https://yahoosmallbusiness.tumblr.com and/or by displaying a message on the POS Program Dashboard. The new Fees, POS Fees and/or pricing/package terms will apply to You as of the date of sending of the email and/or posting of the Company’s Blog and/or POS Program Dashboard, unless You choose to cancel Your account before the changes take effect. The new Fees will apply to You immediately if You choose to reactivate Your POS account after cancellation.All Fees are exclusive of all taxes, and You are responsible for any taxes that may arise. You agree to indemnify and hold the Company and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, co-branders, third-party vendors, partner, officers, shareholders, employees, contractors and/or agents harmless against all claims by any tax authority for any underpayment of any sales, use, goods and services, value-added or other tax or levy, and any penalties and/or interest.You may change Your account (for example, from monthly billing to annual billing) at any time by following the prompts when You are logged in to Your account. The change to Your account will become effective immediately. If You downgrade Your account (from example, from annual billing to monthly billing), no refunds will be paid with respect to any unused portion of any higher account offering, unless required by applicable law. If You upgrade your account (for example, from monthly billing to annual billing), the balance already paid for the rest of the monthly term will be credited to Your account. The Company will then immediately charge Your credit card for any net amount due as a result of the upgrade and Your account renewal data will be reset. Downgrading Your account may cause the loss of content, features, or capacity of Your account and/or may reduce the number of registers, POS Devices, users and/or transactions You can use or process. If You choose to downgrade Your account, the Company will not be liable for any resulting loss of data, content, features or capacity.Payment Processing by Third-party VendorsPayment processing will be provided by third-party vendors. While the POS Services use encryption technology, and the law generally prohibits third parties from monitoring transmission, the Company cannot guarantee security with respect to the connection to the POS Services, the POS App or the POS Device, and the Company will not be liable for any unauthorized access to or use of data transmitted via the POS Services, the POS App or the POS Device.You will be billed by the third-party vendor separately for charges for its payment processing services. Further information regarding current payment processing fees charged by third-party venders are generally available on the third-party vendor’s website.Protective ActionsIn order to determine the risk associated with Your Account and/or use of the POS Services, the Company may request at any time, and You agree to provide, any information about Your business, operations or financial condition. The Company reserves the right to reassess Your eligibility for the POS Services if Your business is materially different from the information You provided in Your application.The Company may terminate Your Account or suspend Your POS Services if any of the following occurs: (a) the Company is required by a payment network association, a bank, or an order from a regulatory body to cease providing POS Services to You or to limited POS Services to You; (b) the Company believes that You have breached these Combined Terms, or are likely to do so; (c) the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that Your use of the POS Services carries an unacceptable amount of risk, including credit or fraud risk, to the Company, third-party vendors or to any third party; (d) the Company decides to withdraw the POS Services from Your territory or jurisdiction; or (e) any other legal, reputational, or risk-based reason exists, in the Company’s sole discretion. In the event that the Company must terminate Your Account, we will work with third-party vendors to provide You with notice as soon as reasonably practicable.The Company reserves the right to suspend or restrict Your account, Your use of the POS Services, or disable any third-party integrations You have made to Your POS, where the Company believes that Your use isn’t fair or reasonable, or that it may cause degradation of the POS Services to other users. This includes circumstances where Your use (or integration of Your account with a third-party) is creating a security or availability risk for the Company and/or our other customers, is impacting (or may impact) the stability or performance of our systems, or is requiring disproportionate resources to deliver (e.g., in terms or storage or processing requirements, support requests or help desk inquiries)If the Company suspects or knows that You are using or have used the POS Services, the POS App and/or POS Device for unauthorized, fraudulent, or illegal purposes, in addition to terminating Your account, we may share any information related to such activity with the appropriate financial institution, regulatory authority, or law enforcement agency consistent with the Company’s legal obligations. This information may include information about You, Your account, Your customers, and transactions made through Your use of the POS Services.Cancellation by YouYou may cancel Your POS Services without terminating Your Business Maker account or any other Services You subscribe to at any time. In such case, You will continue to be billed, and will pay for, the Your Business Maker services (other than the terminated POS Services). If You cancel Your Account before the end of Your current paid-up month, year or two-year subscription period, Your cancellation will take effect immediately and you will not be entitled to any refund of Fees paid in advance, unless otherwise required by law. You will, however, be able to use Your POS Services until the end of Your pre-paid subscription period.Effect of Termination by the Company or Cancellation by YouIf Your account is cancelled by You or terminated by the Company, You shall no longer have access to, and shall cease all use of the POS Services. Your account will be deactivated and all of Your rights granted under these Combined Terms will immediately end (except to the extent that it is necessary for them to continue with respect to the Company’s ongoing storage of Your data up to the date of permanent deletion). Your account (and all data associated with it) will be deleted after 90 days following the termination or cancellation of Your account, unless the Company is required to retain it for a longer period under applicable law.Termination or cancellation of Your account does not relieve You of any obligations to pay any fees, costs, penalties, chargebacks or any other amounts owed by You to the Company under these Combined Terms, whether accrued prior to or after termination or cancellation.The Company will not be liable for any loss or damage following, or as a result of the cancellation or termination of Your account. It is Your responsibility to ensure that any content or data which You require is exported, backed-up or replicated before cancellation or termination.Obligations to Your CustomersYou are solely responsible for, and the Company disclaims any liability for the provision of goods or services sold to Your customers or users as part of Your use of the POS Services and any obligations You may owe to Your customers or users as part of Your use of the POS Services. The Company is not responsible for Your obligations to Your customers, including but not limited to properly describe and deliver the goods or services being sold to Your customers through the online catalog or in person. You are solely responsible for, and the Company expressly disclaims all liability for, Your compliance with applicable Laws and obligations related to Your provisions of the goods or services to Your customers. This may include providing the applicability of sales tax, customer service, notification and handling of refunds or consumer complaints, failure of Your customer to receive Your goods/services, provision of receipts, registering Your legal entity, or other actions. You agree to indemnify and hold the Company harmless for any losses we incur based on Your failure to property describe or deliver goods or services, or comply with Your legal or contractual obligations to Your customers or users.The Company is not responsible for any amounts owed to You by Your customers, including amounts for payment transactions that were authorized by the issuer or provider of the payment method but that were subsequently rejected or reversed, or for any amounts owed to You by third-parties or third-party vendors.Commercial Marketing CommunicationsBy accepting these Combined Terms, You agree to receive commercial marketing and promotional communications from the Company. You acknowledge that the Company and/or the Company’s third-party vendors may use the email address and the telephone number provided by You after sign up for Your account or update of the contact information associated with Your Account as the primary methods of communication. Such communications may include, but are not limited to, requests for secondary authentication, receipts, reminders, notifications regarding updates to Your account or account support, and marketing or promotional communications. You acknowledge that You are not required to consent to receive commercial marketing or promotional texts or calls as a condition of using the POS Services. Call and text message communications may be generated by automatic telephone dialing systems. Standard message and data rates applied by Your carrier may apply to the text messages the Company and/or third-party vendors send to You.You may opt-out of receiving commercial marketing or promotional email communications by following the “Unsubscribe” options on such emails. You may opt-out of any commercial marketing or promotional phone calls by informing the caller that You would not like to receive future commercial marketing or promotional calls. You may only opt-out of commercial marketing or promotional text messages by replying “STOP.” If You opt-out of commercial marketing or promotional communications, You will still receive important transactional or relationship messages from the Company and/or third-party vendors. You acknowledge that opting out of receiving communications may impact Your use of the POS Services.Intellectual PropertyYou agree that, as between You and the Company, the Company owns all of the intellectual property rights existing in the POS Services. You agree not to challenge or do anything inconsistent with such ownership. All rights not expressly granted to You in these Combined Terms are reserved by the Company.You agree that You will not purchase or register search engine or other pay-per-click keywords (such as Google AdWords), trademarks or domain names that use the Company’s name, trademarks, brand names or the intellectual property of any other related entity, or any variations or misspellings thereof that may be deceptively or confusingly similar to the Company’s names, trademarks, or brand names, or the names, trademarks or brand names of any related entity.Information SecurityYou are fully responsible for the security of data in Your possession or control as a result of using the POS Services. You agree to comply with all applicable laws and rules in connection with Your collection, security and dissemination of any personal, financial, credit or debit card, or transaction information (collectively, “Customer Data”).Unless You receive the express consent of Your customer, You may not retain, track, monitor, store or otherwise use Customer Data beyond the scope of the specific transaction. Further, unless You get the express consent of the Company, You agree that You will not use nor disclose the credit or debit card data (“Cardholder Data” as that term is defined in the Terms of Service) for any purpose other than to support payment for Your goods and services. Cardholder Data must be completely removed from Your systems, and any other place where You store Cardholder Data, within 24 hours after You receive an authorization decision unless You have received the express consent of Your customer to retain the Cardholder Data for the sole purpose of processing recurring payments. To the extent that Cardholder Data resides on Your systems and other storage locations, it should do so only for the express purpose of processing Your transactions. All Customer Data, Cardholder Data and other information provided to You by the Company and/or third-party vendors in relationship to the POS Services will remain the property of the Company, the Company’s third-party vendors and their banks, or the card companies, as appropriate.The Company’s Use of InformationYou authorize the Company to provide information about Your business and individual card transactions to third parties for the purpose of facilitating the acceptance and settlement of Your card transactions and in connection with items, including chargebacks, refunds, disputes, adjustments, and other inquires.The Company shall have the right (a) to use the information it receives from You as necessary to perform the POS Services; (b) to collect and process the information subject to applicable law to use internally for record keeping, internal reporting, analytics, fraud detection and support purposes; (c) to compile and disclose information in the aggregate where Your individual or customer/user information is not identifiable, including calculating merchant averages by state, region or industry; and (d) to provide the information as required by the credit card companies, the acquiring banks, law or court order, or to defend the Company’s or a third party supplier’s rights in a legal dispute.You understand and agree that the Company will share certain information about You, including but not limited to Your Account, Your transactions with Your customers, if location services are enabled, certain location information, and any other information (“collectively, the “Content”) necessary to facilitate Your use of the POS Services, and/or our provision and/or third-party vendors’ provision of the POS Services in connection with Your Account. Where a third-party vendor receives such Content, the Company will use such Content in accordance with that third-party vendor’s Privacy Policy.Additional Terms for the Apple App Store® Online Store Downloads. If You have downloaded the POS App from the Apple App Store® , the following additional terms and conditions apply:These Combined Terms are solely between You and the Company, and not with Apple. The Company (and not Apple) is solely responsible for the POS App and its content (subject to these Combined Terms). You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation to furnish any maintenance or support services to You in connection with the POS App.In the event of any failure of the POS App to conform to any warranty that might be contained or implied into these Combined Terms, You may notify Apple, and Apple shall refund the purchase price (if any) for the POS App. Except for the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the POS App.Any claim in connection with the POS App related to product liability, a failure to conform to applicable legal or regulatory requirements, claims under consumer protection or similar legislation or intellectual property infringement are governed by these Combined Terms, and Apple is not responsible for such claims.You must comply with the Apple App Store® Terms of Use, including the Usage Rules, and any other applicable agreements.Apple and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries to these Combined Terms and, upon Your acceptance of them, Apple will have the right to enforce these Combined Terms against You.All other terms and conditions of these Combined Terms apply to Your use of the POS App.Additional Terms for the Google Play™ Store Downloads. If You have downloaded the POS App from the Google Play™ store, the following additional terms and conditions apply:FOR CREDIT CARD SERVICES ONLY:In order to process credit card payments using the POS app for Android, the payment processor requires that You enable location services in order to mitigate instances of fraud, reduce risk and minimize payment disputes.IF YOU DO NOT ENABLE LOCATION SERVICES ON YOUR POS DEVICE, YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PROCESS CREDIT CARD PAYMENTS. YOU WILL STILL BE ABLE TO ACCESS THE POS APP FOR ANDROID FOR CASH TRANSACTIONS.These Combined Terms are solely between You and the Company, and not with Google. The Company (and not Google) is solely responsible for the POS App and its content (subject to these Combined Terms). You acknowledge that Google has no obligation to furnish any maintenance or support services to You in connection with the POS App.In the event of any failure of the POS App to conform to any warranty that might be contained or implied into these Combined Terms, You may notify Google, and Google may refund the purchase price (if any) for the POS App in accordance with the Google Play™ Refund Policy at https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/2479637?p=play_refund&hl=en Except for the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Google will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the POS App.Any claim in connection with the POS App related to product liability, a failure to conform to applicable legal or regulatory requirements, claims under consumer protection or similar legislation or intellectual property infringement are governed by these Combined Terms, and Google is not responsible for such claims.You must comply with the Google Play™ Terms of Service, Android Market Terms of Services and any other Google and/or Android applicable agreements.Each member of the group of companies comprising Google LLC are third party beneficiaries of these Combined Terms and, upon Your acceptance of them, Google will have the right to enforce these Combined Terms against You.All other terms and conditions of these Combined Terms apply to Your use of the POS App.INDEMNITYYou agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, co-branders, Third Party Vendors, officers, directors, shareholders, employees, contractors and agents (the "Indemnified Parties"), from any claim, demand, or investigation, including reasonable attorneys fees, made by any third party, including any tax authority, due to or arising out of Your Content, Your use of the Services, the goods, products or services offered or sold by You through the Services, any actual or alleged violation of this Agreement, including any applicable Policies, law, or regulation, or any alleged violation of any rights of another, including due to Your use of any content, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrighted or patented material, or other intellectual property in connection with the Services. The Company reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by You, but doing so shall not excuse or reduce Your obligations.DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIESYOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT:THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. THE COMPANY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT;YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, AND ANY CONTENT AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICES, IS AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF SUCH CONTENT AND/OR DATA;THE SECURITY MECHANISMS IN THE SERVICES HAVE INHERENT LIMITATIONS, AND YOU MUST DETERMINE WHETHER THEY ADEQUATELY ADDRESS YOUR NEEDS AND ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE IF THEY DO NOT;THE COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT (i) THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (ii) THE QUALITY OF THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS, AND (iv) ANY ERROR IN THE SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED;NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS;THE COMPANY ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE TIMELINESS, DELETION, MISDELIVERY, OR FAILURE TO STORE ANY USER COMMUNICATIONS OR PERSONALIZATION SETTINGS OR FOR THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, OR MISDELIVERY OF ANY THIRD-PARTY DATA;IF YOU UTILIZE ANY THIRD PARTY TOOLS (SUCH AS WORDPRESS) IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES, AND THE COMPANY DEEMS IT NECESSARY TO UPGRADE THE VERSION OF SUCH THIRD PARTY TOOL YOU ARE THEN USING, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE COMPANY HAVE ANY LIABILITY WHATSOEVER IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUCH UPGRADE, INCLUDING LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO DATA LOSS, DATABASE CORRUPTION, PLUG-INS, CACHING, OR CUSTOM DESIGN.LIMITATION OF LIABILITYTO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE COMPANY AND ITS PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, CO-BRANDERS, THIRD PARTY VENDORS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS AND AGENTS, SHALL NOT BE LIABLE, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES OR LEGAL THEORIES WHATSOEVER, FOR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF THE COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES).THE COMPANY'S LIABILITY TO YOU SHALL NOT, FOR ANY REASON, EXCEED THE AGGREGATE PAYMENTS ACTUALLY MADE BY YOU TO THE COMPANY OVER THE COURSE OF THE THEN CURRENT TERM. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE COMPANY HAS SET ITS PRICES IN RELIANCE UPON THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY AND THE DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES SET FORTH HEREIN, AND THAT THE SAME FORM AN ESSENTIAL BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE PARTIES. YOU AGREE THAT THE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS OF LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMERS SPECIFIED IN THESE TERMS WILL SURVIVE AND APPLY EVEN IF FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF THEIR ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.COPYRIGHTS AND COPYRIGHT AGENTSReporting Claims of InfringementThe Company respects the intellectual property of others, and we expect that You do the same. If You believe that Your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or Your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please follow the instructions below.If You believe that work residing or accessible on or through the Services infringes a copyright, please send a notice of copyright infringement to the Company's Agent for Notice with the following information (Your "Notice"):Identification of the work or material that You claim has been infringed. If this material exists online, please provide a URL.Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing, including its location on the Services, with sufficient detail so that the Company is capable of finding the material and verifying its existence (e.g., the URL).Contact information, including Your name, address, telephone number, and email address.A statement by You that You have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or law.A statement by You that the above information in Your Notice is accurate and that, under penalty of perjury, You are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.A physical or electronic signature of the owner of the copyright that has been allegedly infringed or a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner.If You are asserting infringement of a trademark please follow the same procedure above for a Notice, and, if applicable, include Your registration and/or application number(s) pertaining to Your trademark.If Your complaint relates to counterfeit activity, please follow the same procedure above for a Notice and in addition include:A statement that declares You have examined the item(s) to determine its authenticity.A statement that provides the reasons You believe the item to be counterfeit.The Company may forward a copy of a Notice including name and email address to the Account Owner in order to notify the Account Owner. Any Account Owner may ask for a copy of any Notice, although the Company may delete irrelevant or personally identifiable information.The Company's Agent for Notice is:Copyright AgentAabaco Small Business, LLC701 First AvenueSunnyvale, CA 94089Counter NotificationIf You have received an infringement warning and believe that Your Content was identified as infringing or removed due to a mistake or misidentification or that Your use of the Content in question constitutes "fair use" and that You have not infringed the copyright holder’s copyright, You may file a counter notification and send such notification to the Company's Agent for Notice.To be effective within the meaning of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), a counter notification must be in writing and include the following:Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, including the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;A statement under penalty of perjury that You have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification;Your name, address and telephone number, and a statement that You consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address provided by You is located (or if the address provided by You is outside the United States, You consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for any judicial district in which the Company may be found), and that You will accept service of process from the person who provided the notice or an agent of such person; andYour physical or electronic signature on the counter notification. To satisfy the signature requirement please designate the electronic signature by typing a forward slash before and after Your name (e.g., /Jane Doe/). This format is intended to represent a signature and typed name as is customarily found within the signature block of business correspondence transmitted in hard copy.Send the counter notification to:Copyright AgentAabaco Small Business, LLC701 First AvenueSunnyvale, CA 94089Once an effective counter notification is provided, we will forward a copy of it with all of Your provided contact information to the copyright holder, advising them that the Company intends to replace or re-enable access to the Content in question in ten to fourteen (10-14) business days following the date of the counter notification, unless the Company's Copyright Agent receives notice that the copyright holder has filed a court action against You to restrain You from reposting the material.Repeat Infringers.
The Company may, in its sole discretion, terminate Your Services for actual or apparent infringement of any intellectual property right. In addition, the Company will, under appropriate circumstances, terminate the Services and account of users who are repeat copyright infringers.If You knowingly make a material misrepresentation that material or activity is infringing a copyright or was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification, You may be held liable for damages under the DMCA.NOTICENotices under this Agreement shall be by electronic mail or in writing and shall be deemed delivered upon receipt to the party to whom such communication is directed, at the addresses specified below. If to the Company, such notices shall be sent to Aabaco Small Business, LLC, 701 First Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94089, USA. If to You, such notices shall be addressed to the electronic or mailing address specified when You opened Your account, or such other address as either party may give the other by notice as provided above. The Company may also provide notices of changes to this Agreement or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices to You generally on the Service.CHOICE OF LAW AND FORUM (LOCATION OF LAWSUIT)The Agreement and the relationship between You and the Company shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions, and specifically excluding from application to this Agreement that law known as the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods. You and the Company agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of Santa Clara, California. The failure of the Company to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.FORCE MAJEUREThe Company will not be liable for any failure or delay in its performance under this Agreement due to any cause beyond its reasonable control, including, but not limited to, acts of war, acts of terrorists, acts of God, earthquake, flood, embargo, riot, sabotage, labor shortage or dispute, governmental act, or failure of the Internet.ASSIGNMENTYou may not assign Your rights or delegate Your duties under this Agreement either in whole or in part without the prior written consent of the Company, and any attempted assignment or delegation without such consent will be void. The Company may assign this Agreement, and all rights granted to it hereunder, in whole or part. The Company also may delegate the performance of Services to third parties, including affiliates and Third Party Vendors. This Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of each party's successors and permitted assigns.Notwithstanding the foregoing, You are permitted to sell Your Store to a third party, provided that all of the following occur: (a) You assign all rights and obligations under this Agreement to such third party receiving the Store, (b) You give prior written notice to the Company, (c) You provide the Company evidence, in the form and manner requested by the Company, that such third party has agreed to and has accepted all obligations under this Agreement, and (d) such third-party assignee has provided the Company with all information requested by the Company, and such information is complete and accurate. Should You attempt to sell a Store or assign this Agreement in violation of this Agreement, such attempt will be null and void, and You will remain responsible for all obligations and liabilities under this Agreement, Your Store, and the Services.RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES; NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIESThis Agreement will not establish any relationship of partnership, joint venture, employment, franchise, or agency between the Company and You. Neither the Company nor You will have the power to bind the other or incur obligations on the other's behalf without the other's prior written consent, except as otherwise expressly provided herein. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, there shall be no third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement.INTEGRATION; SEVERABILITY; TIMELINESS OF CLAIMS; TITLES AND HEADINGSThis Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between You and the Company and governs Your use of the Services. If any provision of this Agreement or incorporated documents is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the other provisions of this Agreement remain in full force and effect to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or this Agreement must be filed within one year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. The section titles and headings in the Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.Effective date: March 25, 2019Need help with something?Call us 24/7 at 1-866-781-9246