https://store.strategies-u.com/terms-conditions/
Home
More
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Strategies Unlimited® provides this website for the convenience of persons or entities (Purchaser) interested in the products and services offered by Strategies Unlimited. By using this site, you agree to the provisions of these Terms of Service. You may print out a copy of these terms for your records if you wish. These Terms and Conditions may be changed by Strategies Unlimited® from time to time in the manner indicated below.
Due to the nature of these products, no refunds and no returns are accepted.
Right to Change Terms and Conditions
Strategies Unlimited® reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions. Such change will be effective upon posting on this website, except that no such change will apply to any purchase already made or consulting services already contracted at the time of such change in terms.
Website and Page Copyright
Except as otherwise specifically disclosed, Strategies Unlimited® owns the copyright on all of the information, graphics, arrangements of information and content on the various pages of this website. Such information, graphics, arrangements and content are subject to applicable copyright laws.
Content Copyright
Except as otherwise specifically disclosed, either in the materials to be sold or on this website, Strategies Unlimited® owns the copyright on all of the various reports and other materials offered for sale. Such materials are protected by applicable copyright laws.
Products
Strategies Unlimited® reserves the right to withdraw any product from its range at any time or to withdraw any quotation prior to order without notice. Strategies Unlimited® reserves the right to increase the current rates from time to time prior to the placement of an order.
Use of Purchased Reports
The report is copyright protected and as such, any unauthorized copying, electronically or mechanically, or distribution is prohibited by U.S. and international law. Federal copyright law (Title 17 of the U.S. Code) makes it illegal to reproduce part or all of Strategies Unlimited®’s publications without written permission. The entity, its employees or agents or individual is purchasing a license to gain access to one or more of Strategies Unlimited® reports. The Purchaser must specify which type of license you require. The terms of specific license and License Agreement are included within these Terms and Conditions. For avoidance of doubt, acceptance of these Terms and Conditions constitutes acceptance of the terms of the License Agreement. The Purchaser (and if applicable all employees of his or her company) of this or any other license agrees to restrict its usage of it according to the provisions of the following license agreement. Should the company wish to upgrade the User License, please contact Strategies Unlimited®. These terms and conditions shall apply to every sale of report by Strategies Unlimited®. The placing of an order shall be deemed to constitute an unqualified acceptance of these Terms and Conditions.
Assignability
This license is non-transferable. Purchaser agrees to limit its usage to employees of its company. Under no circumstances may the report be shared with outside entities including (but not limited to) suppliers, customers, partners, affiliates, investors or firms that would be deemed competitive to Strategies Unlimited®. This license is also not transferable in the event of a sale of the purchaser or its assets. This license is non-refundable. Given the highly consumable nature of this product, Strategies Unlimited® does not provide refunds for reports after they have been shipped to the report purchaser. If you are not a licensed purchaser or user of this product then you have no rights to use or be in possession of this report.
Terms of Usage
Strategies Unlimited® recognizes that the Purchaser will want to make “fair use” of information from this website and from the reports purchased from Strategies Unlimited®, as such is permitted by applicable copyright law and by your agreement at the time of purchase. Strategies Unlimited® has stated the purchase prices and use allowances depending upon the number of persons and or devices that Purchaser may wish to have regular access to a report. No report may be posted on a company website or intranet unless you purchase an “Enterprise License.” Of course, no material may be excerpted and used as your own work except as permitted by applicable copyright laws. Fair use – Paraphrasing of materials and specific quotations may be used in connection with internal reports with appropriate attribution, as would be the case with written materials.
License Options
Single User License
By purchasing a Single User License of the report, you and your company agree that one individual will have access to the report as an electronic copy and must not be shared with other employees within or without the same company. The access to or storage of the document shall be limited to one registered computer. You and your company agree that the report will not be posted on a company website or intranet. User will have permission to print one copy of the report for personal use but may not be reproduced for distribution.
Multi-User License
By purchasing an Enterprise License of the report, you and your company agree that the version will be resident on one of your computers or your intranet site and accessible only by employees who have proper access to such computer or site. The Enterprise Licenses grants access to a specific report to a company wide audience. This excludes subsidiary companies or other companies within a group of companies. In the event of a purchase of Single or Department Licenses, purchaser will supply Strategies Unlimited® with details of defined users including name, office location and email address. For more information about your license, please email us at: strategies-u@endeavorb2b.com.
Refunds, Exchanges and Cancellation
Given the highly consumable nature of our information products Strategies Unlimited® does not provide refunds or exchanges once the purchased product has been shipped to the customer. Once a report has been accepted and read the value of the product has been realized.
Delivery
Strategies Unlimited® ships electronically to the purchaser or their designated assignee at the time of sale. At no point will Strategies Unlimited® ship a product without confirmed receipt of payment. At no time will Strategies Unlimited® ship to a third party without prior approval by both purchaser and Strategies Unlimited®.
Formats
Statistical Tables are provided in Excel Format. Reports are provided in PDF Format. Surveys are provided in Excel Format. They are created as ZIP files and will need to be unzipped. Online Databases and Training will require separate validation to the host site.
Account Information
It is up to you to maintain the privacy of your account information on your computer and in your personal records. Account information with Strategies Unlimited® is maintained as confidential to the extent possible with respect to its business needs.
Tax Information
Taxes will be applied to orders from the following:
Alabama
Arizona
California
Colorado
District of Colombia
Georgia
Illinois
Kansas
Louisiana
Maryland
Massachusettes
Minnesota
Missouri
Nebraska
New Jersey
Nevada
New York
Ohio
Oklahoma
Pennsylvania
South Carolina
Texas
Utah
Virginia
West Virginia
Wyomming
Canada
Privacy Policy
Strategies Unlimited® accumulates only such information about you as is needed for the purpose of maintaining an account relationship. Strategies Unlimited® does not sell or provide any customer information or account information to other parties except as may be necessary or appropriate: (i) to complete a transaction, such as by transmitting credit card or similar information to a card processing service and by providing necessary information to a shipper; (ii) to protect the rights of Strategies Unlimited®; (iii) to comply with applicable laws, regulations and court orders; and (iv) to permit processing of the various books and records of Strategies Unlimited®. Customer information is strictly for Strategies Unlimited®s own use and the customer’s benefit.
Liability
The following provisions set out the entire financial liability of Strategies Unlimited® (including any liability for the acts or omissions of its employees, agents, subsidiaries and subcontractors) to the Purchaser in respect of any breach of the contract; or any representation, statement or tortious act or omission, including negligence arising under or in connection with the contract.
Strategies Unlimited®’s total liability for direct loss or damage in contract, tort (including negligence or breach of statutory duty), misrepresentation, restitution or otherwise, arising in connection with the performance of or failure to perform the contract shall be limited to the total price paid by Purchaser under the terms and conditions.
Strategies Unlimited® shall not be liable to the Purchaser for any pure economic loss, loss of profit, loss of business, depletion of goodwill or otherwise (in each case whether direct, indirect or consequential), or for any costs, expenses or other claims for consequential compensation whatsoever (howsoever caused) which arise out of or in connection with its purchase of Strategies Unlimited® reports or services.
Strategies Unlimited® shall not be liable to a website user for any pure economic loss, loss of profit, loss of business, depletion of goodwill or otherwise (in each case whether direct, indirect or consequential), or for any costs, expenses or other claims for consequential compensation whatsoever (howsoever caused) which arise out of or in connection with the use of the Strategies Unlimited® website. To the maximum extent permitted by law,
Strategies Unlimited® or any of its employees, or its subsidiaries or any of its subsidiary’s employees shall not be liable for any loss, injury, claim, liability, or damage of any kind resulting in any way from: any errors in or omissions from the Material (including, but not limited to website and report content, images, graphs) available or not included therein; the unavailability or interruption to the supply of the Material or any features thereof or any Material; your use of any equipment in connection with the Material; the content of Material; any delay or failure in performance beyond the reasonable control of Strategies Unlimited®, or; any negligence of Strategies Unlimited® or its employees in connection with the performance of our obligations under this Agreement.
Strategies Unlimited®’s liability to Purchaser for breach of any condition or warranty implied under any law which cannot be lawfully modified or excluded by this agreement shall, to the extent permitted by law, be limited at our option to supplying the Material again or paying for their re-supply.
Strategies Unlimited®’s liability to Purchaser for loss or damage of any kind (including loss or damage caused by negligence) is reduced to the extent that Purchaser caused or contributed to that loss or damage. The aggregate liability of Strategies Unlimited® in connection with any other claim arising out of or relating to the Material purchased shall not exceed the total price payable under the Terms and Conditions for the supply of Material or report.
Strategies Unlimited® shall not be liable for any special, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages of any kind whatsoever (including, without limitation, legal fees) in any way due to, resulting from, or arising in connection with the Material purchased, or the failure of Strategies Unlimited® to perform its obligations, regardless of any negligence of Strategies Unlimited®. The Material, reports purchased or website information is provided for reference purposes only and are not intended, nor should they be used, as a substitute for professional advice or judgment. Whilst reasonable efforts are made to keep the Material, reports and website information up to date, you should obtain independent verification or advice before relying upon any piece of information in circumstances where loss or damage may result. Nothing in Strategies Unlimited®’s reports constitutes or should be taken as investment advice.
While Strategies Unlimited® makes every effort to ensure accuracy of the information on its website and in its report, this information may be inaccurate or out-of-date. Strategies Unlimited® assumes no responsibility regarding the accuracy of the information that is provided on the Strategies Unlimited® website or in Strategies Unlimited® reports and use of such information is at your own risk. Strategies Unlimited® shall not be responsible for any failure to remove, or delay in removing, harmful, inaccurate, unlawful, or otherwise objectionable content within the Strategies Unlimited® website. Content on the Strategies Unlimited® website or in its reports may be changed, updated, or deleted without notice for any reason at Strategies Unlimited®’s sole discretion.
Limited Warranty
The information contained in the material purchased and on this website is believed to be reliable but cannot be guaranteed to be correct, complete or free from errors. If the Material’s electronic delivery format is defective, Purchaser shall notify Strategies Unlimited® via email at: strategies-u@endeavorb2b.com. Strategies Unlimited® will replace the Material in question at no additional charge, only if notified of the defective formatting within 7 days from the date of the original receipt of the Material.
Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Oklahoma, USA, without regard to any conflict of law principals. All claims, if any, arising under these terms and conditions shall be brought only in the courts located in Tulsa, Oklahoma, USA, and you agree to the jurisdiction and venue of such courts. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is determined to be unenforceable, such will not affect the other provisions of these terms of service.
Dispute Resolution
Purchaser and Strategies Unlimited® will attempt in good faith to resolve any dispute or claim arising out of or relating to the purchase of a report or any of these terms and conditions, promptly, through negotiation between the respective parties. If the matter is not resolved through negotiation, the parties will attempt in good faith to resolve the dispute or claim by arbitration conducted according to the procedures of the American Arbitration Association by a single arbitrator chosen by Strategies Unlimited® and agreeable to you.
The arbitration will be held in Tulsa, Oklahoma, USA, and any action to enforce any decision of an arbitrator or concerning any use of this website, or Strategies Unlimited® reports or the Terms and Conditions will be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction in Tulsa, Oklahoma. This arbitration provision will not require Strategies Unlimited® to submit to arbitration any claim for infringement of copyright, trademarks or other intellectual property rights, with respect to which the right to invoke applicable statutory enforcement provisions is retained. In addition to any other relief which may be properly awarded, the party substantially prevailing on the merits with respect to any such claim will be entitled to be awarded reasonable attorney’s fees and costs.
×
OK
Newsletter Signup
Email Address