http://storytheater.net/privacy-policy/
Doug Stevenson
Using the Power of Story to Engage,Inspire and Produce Results
Home
|
Articles
|
Newsletter  |
Videos  |
About  |
Contact
Keynotes & Training
Coaching/TED & Retreats
Webinars & eLearning
Events & Registration
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This website belongs to Doug Stevenson, president of Doug Stevenson’s Story Theater International, Doug Stevenson Unlimited, Cornelia Press, and creator of The Story Theater Method and The Dynamite Speech System.
Our postal address is:
11418 N. Adobe Village Place, Marana, AZ 85658
We can be reached via email at Deborah@dougstevenson.com
Or you can reach us by telephone at 1-719-310-8586.
Summary of Our Privacy Policy
We honor your privacy and do not share your information with any third party for any reason. If you no longer want to receive information from us, we will honor your requests in as timely a manner as possible. If you ever have any problems with us in this area, call us or email us and explain the problem. We will take care of it as soon as possible because we honor your privacy!
Details of Our Privacy Policy
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer’s domain name and email address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the email address of visitors to our web page, the email addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations and the email addresses of people requesting our autoresponders or newsletters.
We never sell, rent or give away any of our lists.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site and used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes.
If you do not want to receive email or newsletters from us in the future, please let us know by sending email to us at the above address or calling us at the above telephone number or writing to us at the above address and telling us that you do not want to receive the newsletter or that you do not want to receive other notification emails or that you do not want to receive any kind of emails from our company.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending email to us at the above address or calling us at the above telephone number or writing to us at the above address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line or inquires they have posted. They also may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending email to us at the above address or calling us at the above telephone number or writing to us at the above address. Please provide us with your correct phone number.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email, phone or mail. See contact information above.
x
Subscribe to the Newsletter
Doug Stevenson
About Us
Testimonials
Client List
Hire Doug
Home
Keynotes & Training
Coaching/TED & Retreats
Webinars & eLearning
Events & Reg
Shop
Articles
About
Contact
Newsletter
Story Theater International
11418 N. Adobe Village Place
Marana, AZ 85658
1-719-310-8586
Privacy Policy  |
Contact Us