https://stowood.com/terms/
Time of payment is the essence of every contract.
Payment: Due payment: All the Company’s invoices must be paid in full within 30 days of the date of the invoice except where otherwise agreed in writing by the Company. Late Payment Act 1998: On failing to make full and prompt payment, the purchaser shall (without prejudice to any other rights of the Company) become liable to pay to the Company interest on the amount due at 8 (eight) per cent per annum above the base rate from time to time calculated from the date of due payment until the date of actual payment before and after (and as a separate continuing obligation not merging with) any judgement.
Delivery: Goods and services will be despatched by courier or online for digital goods within four weeks of receipt of purchase order from the customer unless the customer is otherwise notified.
Refunds and cancellations: SSI does not normally offer refunds or accept cancellation of orders but in the interest of goodwill SSI will entertain requests for a credit note for unused goods in their original packaging or for order cancellations depending on individual circumstances. This does not affect customer’s ordinary statutory rights and may incur a restocking fee.
Exemption forms for VAT exempt orders must be provided with the purchase order. We cannot be held responsible for forms sent after the goods have shipped.
All bank charges must be paid by overseas purchasers.
Card payments are not accepted.
Short/non-deliveries must be notified within 14 days of invoice date.
Privacy policy: We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties. Any data we have will be for contacting you for technical support, to contact you with details of other products/offers/ services/competitions/ we provide.
Contact us
+44 (0)1865 358860
sales@stowood.com
Contact us
FacebookLinkedInTwitter
Home
About Stowood
All Products
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OKPrivacy