https://strategicaccounts.org/en/privacy-policy/
Login
Toggle navigation
Membership
Corporate Membership
Individual Membership
SAMA Corporate Members
Events
2020 SAMA Annual Conference
2021 SAMA Annual Conferences
2020 Pan-European Conference
SAMA Academy
Webinars
Excellence Awards
Executive Symposia
SAMA Sleeves Up
Training + Certification
SAMA Academy Training
Certification Program
Customized Training & Consulting
Account Management for Sales
Knowledge + Research
VELOCITY®
Webinars
Blog
Tools
Program Assessment
Individual Competency Assessment
The Facilitator™
Global Technology Partners
About
SAMA Fundamentals
SAMA Board
Contact us
Resource Library
SAMA PRIVACY POLICY
Strategic Account Management Association (SAMA)
Privacy Policy on Personal Data
Strategic Account Management Association (“SAMA,” “we,” “us,” “our”) enforces the following standards when gathering, using, sharing, and protecting personal data. This Privacy Policy also describes the choices you can make about how we collect and use certain information.
Types of Personal Data Collected
SAMA gathers personal data given by individuals to our organization.  Specifically, SAMA collects contact details to help us communicate our knowledge and offerings effectively.  Types of contact details gathered and stored are:
First name
Last name
Job title
Employer name
Employer address
Work-related email address
Office phone
Mobile phone
As part of the account registration process, we collect personal information, which we use for the following purposes:
To tell you about SAMA and our offerings that you have opted to receive;
To contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information;
To confirm that our personal data records are correct; and
To ensure that you remain satisfied with SAMA via surveys.
Through our individual competency tool hosted by Qualtrics, we collect personal data when individuals use the tool to self-assess their job performance and competencies. In addition, individuals can invite their colleagues or managers to assess their performance, in which case personal data about the individual will be collected from his or her colleagues or managers. Our customers use this tool to manage the assessment process and create reports of the findings. Personal assessment data that we collect includes:
First name
Last name
Job title
Employer name
Employer address
Work-related email address
Office phone
Mobile phone
We also regularly conduct research studies on the practice of Strategic Account Management through Qualtrics. We may contact you to invite you to participate in the studies, and we will collect any personal data you provide to us in the surveys we send you, including but not limited to:
First name
Last name
Job title
Employer name
Employer address
Work-related email address
Office phone
Mobile phone
We collect additional profiling information related to individuals’ professional role to improve SAMA’s ability to provide tailored communications and offerings to individuals based on their profiles. Additional profiling data collected include:
A user’s corporate role - we offer a selection of defined roles
Their level of experience within that role - we offer a selection of periods of time
Their organization’s industry classification - we offer a selection of industries
Their organization’s structure - we offer a selection of structures
Their organization’s experience within their selection structure - we offer a selection of periods of time
Finally, we record activity and interactions between users and SAMA. We capture this information to gauge how successful our communications have been and to improve them through better targeting. User activity with SAMA that we capture includes:
A record of participation with SAMA and at our events – we offer a selection of events;
SAMA website navigation activity - we capture visits and locations on our website; and
SAMA email transmission activity.
SAMA makes no effort to gather “sensitive” personal data. We have no interest in capturing and storing data unrelated to our professional relationship.
Personal Data-Gathering Methods
SAMA gathers personal data via various methods and locations, including:
SAMA Registration web forms for SAMA events and activities;
SAMA website web form for more information and access to our resources – we require double opt-in consent;
SAMA members provide contact lists of their employees and colleagues;
Our competency assessment tool hosted by Qualtrics for use by individuals or their managers and colleagues;
Our surveys for researching the practice of Strategic Account Management; and
Our third-party contracted service providers share contact lists that they have gathered via outreach on SAMA’s behalf.
SAMA also uses cookies and other tracking technologies third party service providers (“Service Providers”) to collect device information and user activities. Please see “Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies” below.
Personal Data Protections and Storage
The storage and transmission of personal data over the internet is not always secure; thus, SAMA cannot guarantee the security of data transferred over the internet.
SAMA maintains administrative, technical and physical safeguards that are intended to appropriately protect personal data in our possession against loss, alteration, misuse, unlawful processing or unauthorized access to personal data, whether accidental or purposely destructive.
The location of all data storage servers is in the United States of America.
Personal Data Sharing
SAMA does not resell any personal data to other third parties. We do not rent or trade email lists with other organizations or businesses.
SAMA shares collected personal data as provided under our agreements with Service Providers.  These Service Providers provide the following services to SAMA:
Academic research to improve our mission;
Representing SAMA in geographic territories where we are not located to promote and deliver our capabilities;
Outreach to promote sales and expansion of SAMA; and
Software as a Service (SaaS) providers who may gather and store information for our access within their own data security structures. The SaaS services that SAMA contracts with is:
Qualtrics
Topyx
Aventri
Mailchimp
Cybersource
Salesforce
JotForm
If you are an individual that utilizes our competency assessment tool hosted by Qualtrics, we may share your assessment data with your employer.
We employ the services of these organizations to improve SAMA’s operations and capabilities. For example, we use a Mailchimp to deliver our email communications and content links. Their service provides statistics related to email activities using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our communications, including whether our emails are opened and whether ads within the emails are clicked on. For more information about Mailchimp, please see Mailchimp’s Privacy Policy.
We may also disclose personal information:
if we are required to do so by law, legal process, statute, rule, regulation, or professional standard, or to respond to a subpoena, search warrant, or other government official requests;
when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss;
in connection with an investigation of a complaint, security threat, or suspected or actual illegal activity;
in connection with an internal audit; or
in the event that SAMA is subject to mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, sales of assets, reorganizations, dissolutions, bankruptcies, liquidations, or other types of business transactions.
In these types of transactions, personal information may be shared, sold, or transferred, and it may be used subsequently by a third party.
USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
We use cookies and other tracking technologies on our website to provide users with personalized access to website services, enhance website functionality, and to provide offers and services tailored to user’s interests.
We use third-party services for analytics and interest-based advertising purposes. These service providers and ad partners may use cookies alone or in conjunction with unique identifiers, beacons, and other tracking technologies to collect information about users when they use our website, open our emails, or interact with our ads.
For example, we use Google Analytics to help us analyze how visitors use our websites and mobile applications. The information generated by the cookie, including your IP address, is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and mobile applications and to compile statistical reports on website activity for us. If you do not want any information to be collected and used by Google Analytics, you can install an opt-out in your web browser.
For information on the cookies we use, please see our Cookie List.
CHOICES REGARDING PERSONAL DATA COLLECTION AND USE
We offer certain choices about how we communicate with you and what personal information we obtain about you and share with others, described below.
Information Provided by You
Depending on the activity, some of the information we ask you to provide is mandatory and some is voluntary. Whether or not to provide such information is completely your own choice. But if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to purchase products, or access certain services, offers and content on our website as a guest.
Mailings
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive information from us please let us know by sending your written request via email to info@strategicaccounts.org , or via postal mail to:
Strategic Account Management Association
200 W. Madison St
Suite 1040
Chicago, IL 60602
Phone: 312.251.3131
Fax: 312.251.3132
Please provide your full name, mailing address, email address, and phone number when making this request. Include your email address, full name, and specifically what information you do not want to receive.
You may also may also visit DMAChoice.org, a tool offered by the Data & Marketing Association, which lets you remove your name and address from a number of marketing lists as well as unsubscribe from entire categories of mail, including advertisements.
Email
You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing us at info@strategicaccounts.org.
Cookie Choices
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser’s settings to disable all or certain cookies if you wish. For more information on how to manage browser cookies, see http://www.allaboutcookies.org. Click on the links below to learn how to manage cookies on these browsers:
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Opera
Apple Safari
Please note that by disabling or deleting cookies, you may not be able to access the full functionality of our website. Disabling or clearing cookies also may affect cookie-based opt-outs by either preventing you from using such cookie-based opt-outs or clearing opt-outs that you previously set.
You may control your advertising preferences or opt-out of certain Google advertising products by visiting the Google Ads Preferences Manager, currently available at https://google.com/ads/preferences or by vising NAI’s online resources at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
Some of the third parties that we may work with may participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance’s self-regulatory program, which provides consumers tools to opt-out of receiving interest-based advertising. Click here to learn more about the DAA’s WebChoices tool. To help control or block certain ads in mobile applications, you may choose to download and utilize the DAA mobile app by clicking here.
You also can learn more about opting out of third parties’ use of cookies used to tailor ads and other content by visiting http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and http://www.aboutads.info/choices. In the E.U., visit http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.
For mobile users, you also have numerous controls in your Operating System that enable you to choose whether to allow cookies or to share your advertising ID with third parties. For some information on controlling your mobile choices, click here. To help control or block certain ads in mobile applications, you may choose to download and utilize the Digital Advertising Alliance’s mobile app by clicking here. We do not guarantee that all of the third parties we work with will honor the elections you make using any of these options.
Do Not Track
Because there currently is not an industry or legal standard for recognizing or honoring Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals, we do not respond to them at this time.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
Please be aware that our site may contain links to other sites hosted by third parties. SAMA does not control, and is thus not responsible for, the content or privacy practices and policies of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that they visit.
CHILDREN
Minors under the age of 18 may not use the website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18, and no part of the Website is designed to attract anyone under the age of 18. We do not sell products for purchase by children.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident, you have the right to request information regarding the disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year. You may make one request each year by emailing us at info@strategicaccounts.org or writing to us at:
Strategic Account Management Association
200 W. Madison St
Suite 1040
Chicago, IL 60602
Pursuant to applicable California law, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), we make the following disclosures regarding the personal information we collect and/or sell:
Category of Personal Information
Identifiers. Examples - real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Information in Customer Records. Examples - name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, financial information, medical information, health insurance information.
Category of Source from Which Data is Collected
SAMA Registration web forms for SAMA events and activities;
SAMA website web form for more information and access to our resources – we require double opt-in consent;
SAMA members provide contact lists of their employees and colleagues;
Our competency assessment tool hosted by Qualtrics for use by individuals or their managers and colleagues;
Our surveys for researching the practice of Strategic Account Management; and
Our third-party contracted service providers share contact lists that they have gathered via outreach on SAMA’s behalf.
Purpose of Collection
To tell you about SAMA and our offerings that you have opted to receive;
To contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information;
To confirm that our personal data records are correct; and
To ensure that you remain satisfied with SAMA via surveys.
Category of Third Parties to Whom Data is Disclosed
Service Providers. SAMA shares collected personal data as provided under our agreements with Service Providers. These Service Providers provide the following services to SAMA:
Academic research to improve our mission;
Representing SAMA in geographic territories where we are not located to promote and deliver our capabilities;
Outreach to promote sales and expansion of SAMA; and
Software as a Service (SaaS) providers who may gather and store information for our access within their own data security structures.
Category of Third Parties to Whom Data is Sold
SAMA does not resell any personal data to other third parties. We do not rent or trade email lists with other organizations or businesses.
If you are a California resident, pursuant to the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA), you have the right to request:
the categories of personal information we have collected about you;
the categories of sources from which your personal information is collected;
the business or commercial purpose of collecting or selling your personal information;
the categories of third parties with whom we share your personal information;
the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
the categories of personal information that we have sold about you and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold, if applicable;
deletion of your personal information; and
an opt out of having your personal information disclosed or sold to third parties.
To submit a request, please contact us at info@strategicaccounts.org or 312.251.3131.
However, we will not be required to comply with your request to delete your personal information if it is necessary for us to maintain your personal information in order to:
complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us;
detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity;
debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;
comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act pursuant to Chapter 3.6 (commencing with Section 1546) of Title 12 of Part 2 of the Penal Code;
engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, if you have provided informed consent;
to enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us;
comply with a legal obligation; or
otherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
We will not discriminate against you in the event you exercise any of the aforementioned rights under CCPA, including, but not limited to, by:
denying goods or services to you;
charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;
providing a different level or quality of goods or services to you; or
suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Individuals Within the European Union
Controllers of Personal Data
Strategic Account Management Association
200 W. Madison St
Suite 1040
Chicago, IL 60602
Phone: 312.251.3131
Fax: 312.251.3132
is the data controller of the personal data processed through the website.
Legal Bases for Processing Personal Data
If you are an individual located in the European Union (EU), we collect and process personal data about you where we have a legal basis for doing so under applicable EU laws. This means we collect and process your data only when:
It is necessary for a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your individual privacy interests), such as preventing fraud, improving our website, and increasing the security of the website and network infrastructure;
You have consented to this collection and processing for a specific purpose;
It is necessary to fulfil our contractual obligations; or
It is necessary to comply with a legal obligation.
Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline consent at any time.  An example of where we rely on your consent to process your personal data includes sending you our newsletter and marketing emails. If you wish to withdraw your consent, please contact us at info@strategicaccounts.org.
Individual Rights
If you are located in the EU, you have certain rights under EU data protection law with respect to your personal data, including the right to request access to, correct, and delete your personal data. You may also have the right to receive a copy of your personal data in a commonly used and machine-readable format, and to transmit such data to another controller. You also may object to processing of your personal data, or ask that we restrict the processing of your personal data in certain instances. To request deletion of, access to, or to make changes to your personal data, or to otherwise any of the rights in this section, please contact us at  info@strategicaccounts.org. Please note that not all requests can be honored.
Some examples of our legitimate interests for processing personal data include:
Website and network security;
Customer support;
Marketing to current customers;
Fraud prevention; or
Improving our website.
Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal data, you may have the right to object. More information on exercising this right can be found in the Individual Rights section below.
If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal data, please contact us at info@strategicaccounts.org.
Transfers, Storage, and Processing
Our website is operated from and hosted on servers located in the United States. If you access and use our website from a location outside of the United States, any personal data you provide to us or that is otherwise collected may be transferred to and processed in the United States or any other jurisdiction in our sole discretion. Users of our website should be aware that the laws that apply to the use and protection of personal data in the United States or other countries or jurisdictions to which we transfer, or in which we process, personal data may differ from those of your country of residence. Users who access or use our website from jurisdictions outside of the United States do so at their own choice and risk, and are solely responsible for compliance with local law. While we take steps to safeguard your personal data, the United States has NOT been deemed to ensure an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission.  Accordingly, the level of protection provided in the United States or other non-EU countries and jurisdictions from which you may access our website may not be as stringent as that under EU data protection standards or the data protection laws of some other countries, possibly including your home jurisdiction.
Unresolved Complaints
If you are a resident of the EU and your inquiry with us has not been satisfactorily addressed, or if you believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law or this Privacy Policy, you may file a complaint with the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted to our website. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Strategic Account Management Association
200 W. Madison St
Suite 1040
Chicago, IL 60602
Phone: 312.251.3131
Fax: 312.251.3132
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Controllers of Personal Data
Social Media Providers.  We have presence on several social media platforms so that we can share information about our offers with users and provide a forum for SAMA community. Information collected by social media platforms when users interact with their services is governed by the social media platforms’ respective privacy policies.  For more information about how users can customize your privacy settings and how third-party social media websites handle users’ personal information, please refer to their privacy policies. Learn more about privacy practices of each platform by clicking on “Privacy Policy” next to the platform’s name below. Learn about their use of cookies by clicking on “Cookie Policy.”
Facebook – Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy
Twitter – Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy
LinkedIn – Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy
Analytics Providers and Advertising Networks. We allow certain analytics providers and online advertising networks and partners, such as those listed below, to set cookies during users’ visits to our website to collect information in order to provide tailored services and to personalize the ads shown to users when they visit other websites. They may also use cookies to promote our offers to users on other websites based on users’ activity on our website. Some of our partners will use users’ location to provide more relevant messaging. You can learn more about privacy practices of each provider by clicking on “Privacy Policy” next to each provider’s name below. If there is an opt-out option offered, users may click on “Opt-Out” to be taken to the provider’s opt-out page. Some providers also may provide opt-out options within their Privacy Policies.
Cookie Provider
Cookie Type
Privacy Policy and Opt Out Options
CloudFlare
Performance
Privacy Policy
DoubleClick (Google)
Targeting
Privacy Policy and Opt-Out
Google (Universal) Analytics
Performance
“How Google uses data when you use our partners' websites or apps”,  Google Analytics Browser Ad-On, Privacy Policy
Pinterest
Targeting
Privacy Policy
Twitter
Targeting
Privacy Policy
YouTube (Google)
Targeting
Privacy Policy
In addition to any management tools above, users can manage third-party advertising preferences for some of the third-party partners we work with to serve advertising across the Internet by utilizing the choices available at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and http://www.aboutads.info/choices. In the E.U., visit http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.
Mobile users also have numerous controls in your Operating System that enable users to choose whether to allow cookies or to share your advertising ID with third parties. For some information on controlling mobile choices, click here.  To help control or block certain ads in mobile applications, download and use the Digital Advertising Alliance’s mobile app by clicking here. We do not guarantee that all of the third parties we work with will honor the elections users make using any of these options.