https://strategicanalysis.ca/privacy/
Skip to content
1-877-214-5641info@strategicanalysis.caYouTube page opens in new windowTwitter page opens in new windowLinkedin page opens in new windowClient Login
Home Who We Are What is SVAWhat is SVA How it works How to Read an SVA Chart Inside the Market – Our Book Our Blog FANG FRIDAY
ServicesInvestment Research Discretionary Management Corporate Consulting
Pricing Contact
Privacy PolicyYou are here:HomePrivacy Policy
Our Privacy PolicyStrategic Analysis Corporation collects personal information from our customers in the regular course of doing business. We take our customer’s privacy very seriously and keep your information secure at all times. With the exception of payment transactions, we never sell or share this information with any other third party.What personal information do you collect about me?We collect the following information about you:
Name
Address
Postal Code
Phone Number
Email Address
Payment card number
Payment card expiry date
Product/service preferences
How do you use my personal information?The primary purpose of collecting your information is to process subscription transactions, purchases, and returns. We also use parts of your personal information to better understand our customers (customer relationship management), to resolve any complaints regarding our service, and for surveys by our marketing department.
If it’s a necessary part of any of these transactions, we may disclose your information to a courier company in order to deliver any correspondence, product, or marketing materials.What other information do you collect on me?When you visit our web site, we also collect:
information about your computer, including your IP address, the type of operating system and browser you use, and your computer’s location
what pages you visit on our site and what links you click on
what other sites you’ve visited recently
We also use this data to improve our service by observing aggregate logs of page histories on our website. These logs are anonymous and do not contain personally identifying information. In the event of a error or problem with our service, we may use personally identifying information to contact customers to notify them of a service outage, or diagnose a particular problem.Privacy, Security, and Internet-based ServicesWe provide our services via the Internet, which presents certain security and privacy risks. Customers should keep their login and password information secure at all times, and not share this information with anyone. We are also not responsible for the use of devices or web browsers that are unsecure or compromised in any way. There are many ways malicious actors may try to acquire your personal information – please use sound judgment and caution when using the Internet.Sharing of Personal Information with Third PartiesWe do not share your personal information with any third parties, nor do we acquire personal information about customers for our own purposes. Your personal information is yours, not ours.How do I opt-out?Your personal information allows us to enhance and improve our customer service and our product. However, we understand if you wish to keep this information private, and not to allow us to use any information other than that required to complete financial transactions.
You may opt out of the use of your personal information by Strategic Analysis Corporation by contacting us directly.