https://strix.com/terms-conditions/
Home
Company
Products
R-series
KeAi-series
KeAi-set
U11-Series
U12-Series
U16-series
U17-series
U18-series
U19-series
U67-series
U88-series
Stealth Coating
Turbo Toaster
Instant Flow Heater
Steam Boiler
Quality
Safety
Find Control Set
Terms and Conditions
This World Wide Website (www) (the “site”) is operated by “Strix Limited”, “us” or “we”). These conditions of use are governed by the laws of England and Wales and you agree that the Courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction in any dispute.
Please read our conditions of use carefully as by using the website you will be taken to have agreed to be bound by them. We reserve the right to vary the conditions of use at any time and will post any variations here. You are advised to review the conditions of use on a regular basis as you will be deemed to have accepted variations if you continue to use the website after they have been posted. Strix Limited takes every care and precaution to ensure that information published on this website is accurate when posted and regularly updated, but we cannot guarantee its accuracy and may change the information at any time without notice.
WE PUBLISH THE WEBSITE “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF OUR SITE, THE ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION OR THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES REFERRED TO ON THE WEBSITE (INSOFAR AS SUCH WARRANTIES MAY BE EXCLUDED UNDER ANY RELEVANT LAW) AND WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES THAT MAY RESULT FROM THE USE OF THEIR WEBSITE AS A CONSEQUENCE OF ANY INACCURACIES IN, OR ANY OMISSIONS FROM, THE INFORMATION WHICH IT MAY CONTAIN.
You are not required to register your details with us in order to browse the vast majority of our website. If you visit an area or page which requires a login you will be given information on how to register and access content, unless this is restricted content. Before registering your details please ensure you have read all legal documentation available on the site regarding data protection and policies.
Any registration details should be per user and not shared with multiple users or parties.
Intellectual property
The copyright notice which is displayed in this site indicates that all materials within the site are the intellectual property of Strix Limited. All materials, content and forms contained on this website are the intellectual property of Strix Limited and may not be copied, reproduced, distributed or displayed without Strix Limited express written permission. However, you may print complete pages of the site as hard copies for your own personal use.
Accuracy of information
Strix Limited uses reasonable endeavours to ensure that the contents of this site are accurate and up to date, it does not accept any liability for any information which may not be accurate. Strix Limited is reliant upon third parties for some of the information provided (see below) and reserves the right to change data, references and product specifications at any time.
The contents of this site are for general information and public relations purposes only and do not purport to provide advice, make any offer or otherwise create or lead to the creation of any legally enforceable relationship between Strix Limited and you. No reliance should be placed on any statements made on the site, whether for general purpose or otherwise. Strix Limited excludes to the fullest extent permitted by law all liability resulting from your access to the site including (without limitation) any loss (financial or otherwise) or damage resulting directly or indirectly from any such reliance.
Strix Limited does not guarantee that the website, or any content on it, will always be available or access to it will be uninterrupted. Access to the website is permitted on a temporary basis. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of the website without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason the website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the website.
You are also responsible for ensuring that any persons with access to the website through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use, and that they comply with them.
Certain hypertext links contained in this site will direct you to websites which are not under the control of Strix Limited.  Such links are included for your convenience and do not constitute an endorsement by Strix Limited of third-party products or services. Selection of a link will take you out of this site to other websites which Strix Limited has no control over and may represent views or opinions not held by Strix Limited. Strix Limited accepts no liability or responsibility whatsoever for any other websites which may be accessed through the Strix Limited website.
Privacy Summary
Introduction
Strix Limited respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. We have provided this summary of our full Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Summary”) to present the information in clear and straightforward language.
Our full Privacy Policy is available to view here: http://strix.com/app/uploads/2018/06/Privacy-Policy.pdf
Important information and who we are
Strix Limited is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as Strix Limited, the “Company”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this Privacy Summary).
If you have any questions about this Privacy Summary, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact us using the details set out below.
Contact details
The Data Privacy Officer
Strix Limited
Forrest House,
Ronaldsway
Isle of Man
IM9 2RG
Or e-mail:  gdpr@strix.com.
Purpose of this Privacy Summary
This Privacy Summary aims to give you information on how Strix Limited collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you fill out a contact form.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you, which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data includes first name and last name.
Contact Data includes company name and email address.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data includes your username or similar identifier and password, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing communication from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
Communications Data includes all communications we have with you whether by email, post, phone or otherwise.
How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity and Contact Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
Register for our email alerts;
Submit an enquiry to us via our Contact Us page.
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. Please see our cookie policy for further details.
Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below.
Technical Data from the following parties:
Analytics, storage, tools and media providers based in and outside the EU;
IP tracking service providers based in and outside the EU;
automated quality control tools based in and outside the EU;
automated security and compliance tools based outside the EU;
social media and media networks such as Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram, YouTube and Vimeo based outside the EU; and
email distribution and survey providers based outside the EU;
Identity and Contact data from providers of data feeds and hosting services provided in and outside the EU.
Identity and Contact data from providers of data feeds and hosting services provided in and outside the EU.
How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
To manage our relationship with you.
To process and deliver your order.
To register you as a new customer.
To administer and protect our business and this website.
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you.
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences.
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey.
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you.
Data retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. Please click on the links below to find out more about these rights:
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us.
Complaints
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the Isle of Man Supervisory Authority for data protection issues (www.inforights.im). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the Privacy Summary and your duty to inform us of changes
We may change this Privacy Summary by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This Privacy Summary is effective 25 May 2018.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.