https://stricklandmarineinsurance.com/agency-info/usage-terms.html
Terms of Use
These “Terms of Use” set forth the terms and conditions upon which this website may be used. By using this website or sending any information thereby, you indicate that you agree to the Terms of Use and affirm that you are the person, entity, or a duly authorized legal representative thereof, for whom any information or requests are being submitted by you, that all information is real, accurate, and correct, to the best of your knowledge, and that any quote requests, submittals, or other inquiries are for real insurance risks, not for deceptive or competitive purposes.
This website is owned and operated by Strickland Marine Insurance Agency, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “SMIA”), based at 125D Wappoo Creek Drive, Suite 3, Charleston, SC, 29412.  This website and its information, contents, images, forms, and other information are the property of Strickland Marine Insurance Agency, Inc. and may only be used for the purposes of conducting actual or prospective business with Strickland Marine Insurance Agency, Inc., or for directing potential customers to Strickland Marine Insurance Agency, Inc.  All rights are reserved. Links to this site for legitimate informational purposes in the insurance, news, or marine industries are also permitted.  Links to this site by persons or entities engaged in competition with Strickland Marine Insurance Agency, Inc. are not permitted without written authorization.
You may use this website for lawful, honest purposes only.  You may not use this website in any fraudulent manner, for any fraudulent or deceptive purpose, in any manner that may have a fraudulent effect, or in any manner that breaches any applicable law or regulation or that constitutes defamation, identity theft, or any other violation of any party’s civil rights.
“Strickland Marine”, “Strickland Marine Insurance”, and “Strickland Marine Insurance Agency” are references to, and/or trade names of, Strickland Marine Insurance Agency, Inc.  “We” and “us” are references to Strickland Marine Insurance Agency, Inc.  Strickland Marine Insurance Agency, Inc. is an S-Corporation, and all business conducted in relation to this website are conducted by and on behalf of Strickland Marine Insurance Agency, Inc.–and any applicable carriers and MGA’s–as a corporation and not by any individual or family, regardless of any similarities of name or other factors or references. Strickland Marine Insurance Agency, Inc. is a separate and independent entity from Strickland Marine Insurance, Inc. and Strickland Marine Agency, Inc. Strickland Marine Insurance Agency, Inc. is an independent insurance agency and is not an insurance company, insurer, or carrier.  SMIA may render advice and consultations to the customer in the process of selling policies insured by insurance companies. In some cases, SMIA may act as a broker.  Terms such as “coverage”, “cover”, “offer”, “insure”, “serve”, “provide”, “handle”, “round”, “advise”, “help”, “insurance”, and any other reference to the products, services, actions, or responsibilities of SMIA are references exclusively to the act of the selling of insurance policies by SMIA on behalf of, and insured solely by, the respective insurance companies (AKA “carriers” or “insurers”) that underwrite such policies; SMIA acts solely as the agent and does not insure, cover, or pay risk, policy, or claim itself.
Any legal matters arising from this website, information or services provided on by the website, or the operations of Strickland Marine Insurance Agency, Inc. shall be governed by the laws of the state of South Carolina and settled in a court of law in the County of Charleston, South Carolina.
We are committed to protecting your privacy as a visitor to this Web site and as our customer. Strickland Marine Insurance Agency, Inc. is the owner of all information collected on this web site. We will not sell, disseminate, disclose, trade, transmit, transfer, share, lease or rent any personally identifiable information to any third party not specifically authorized by you to receive your information except as a routine and necessary part of our quoting, placing, endorsing, servicing, or procuring insurance products or services for you, or as we have otherwise disclosed to you in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection
We will ask you to provide your personal information to us when you enroll for coverage and when you purchase an insurance policy from us. We will also ask you to provide your personal information to us when you send e-mail to us from this web site. When you enroll for an insurance policy with our agency, we will ask you to provide your name, home address, mailing address, telephone number and e-mail address, along with other information. This information will be provided to the pertinent insurance companies when you obtain a quote or purchase an insurance policy so they can process a quotation or establish you as a policyholder. We will maintain a record of your information at our offices so we can provide you with service. Our Customer Service Representatives are each required to sign and acknowledge a Confidentiality and Nondisclosure Agreement. Each employee has been instructed on maintaining the privacy of each customer and the importance of protecting the customer's personal information.
When you purchase an insurance policy through our agency, you will pay the premiums with your credit card, bank wire, electronic draft, or check. If you pay the premium using your personal check, we may keep a copy of your check in your file.
When you send us e-mail from this web site, you will provide us with certain personally identifiable information including your e-mail address.
Third Party Links
This web site may contain links to third-party web sites that are not controlled by Strickland Marine Insurance Agency, Inc. These third-party links are made available to you as a convenience, and you agree to use these links at your own risk. Please be aware that Strickland Marine Insurance Agency, Inc. is not responsible for the content, practices, or privacy policies of third-party web sites linked to our site. Our Privacy Policy only applies to information we collect from you while you are at, or actively in a session, with Strickland Marine Insurane Agency, Inc. If you should link to a third party web site from Strickland Marine Insurance Agency, inc., we strongly encourage you to review and become familiar with that Web site's privacy policy.
Changes In Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy without providing you with notice of our intent to make the changes.  If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us at info@stricklandmarineinsurance.com
Operating Hours –
8:30 AM - 5:00 PM  M-F Eastern
infoapples@orangesstrickwaterlanddock7marineliftinsurancemotor.com
Email Us At
SSL
Secured By
Home
Terms of Use
About Us
Who We Are
Employment
Customer Service
Customer-Service Inquiry
Report a Claim
Contact Us
FAQ
Products
Main Product Index
General Coverage Information
Boat Insurance
Yacht Insurance
Megayacht Insurance
Charter Insurance
Commercial Vessels
Marinas and Yacht Clubs
Boat Dealers, Yacht Brokers
Marine Contractors
Boat & Yacht Manufacturers
Aircraft Insurance
Get Quote
Agents & Brokers
800-446-1862 | 843-795-1000
125 D Wappoo Creek Drive, Charleston, SC  29412
Copyright Strickland Marine Insurance Agency, Inc., 2014
About Our Agency
Contact Us
Get Quote
Customer Service
Report a Claim
Employment
Agents & Brokers
Agency Info
Boat Insurance
Yacht Insurance
Megayacht Insurance
Commercial Vessels
Charter Boat Insurance
Marina Insurance
Boat Dealers & Brokers
Marine Contractors
Boatyards
Boat Manufacturers
Aircraft Insurance
Products
Terms of Use
FAQ
General Insurance Information
Additional Information
Strickland Marine Insurance
Agency, Inc.
125D Wappoo Creek Drive
Suite 3
Charleston, SC  29412
800.446.1862
843.795.1000