https://studiopros.com/terms-of-use.php
310-928-7776
My Account
Services +
Music Production
Mixing & Mastering
Drums & Percussion
Bass, Guitars & Keys
Vocalists
Live Strings & Horns
Video Editing Services
Songwriter Services
StudioPros Gift Card
Services
Music Production
Produce your song from start to finish.
Mixing & Mastering
Mixing, Mastering, Audio Editing, Vocal Tuning
Drums & Percussion
Live Drums, Programming, Percussion
Bass, Guitars & Keys
Bass, Guitars, Keyboards, Dobro, Pedal Steel, Lap Steel, Mandolin, Banjo
Vocalists
Male Vocalists, Female Vocalists
Live Strings & Horns
String Section, Horn Section, Flutes, Clarinet, Upright Bass, Fiddle
Video Editing Services
Custom Edit, After Effects, Fixed Frame Video
Songwriter Services
Music Charts, Lyric Editing, Lyric Translation
StudioPros Gift Card
Send a gift to a friend, or add credit to your own account.
|
My Account
Login to your account
Email :
Password :
Forgot Password?
Register a new account
|
310-928-7776
Terms of Use
STUDIO PROS, INC.
Terms of Use
By using the STUDIO PROS, INC. online recording service, you (“Customer”) agree and are bound by the following terms of service:
Work For Hire
STUDIO PROS, INC. agrees that all work performed for Customer shall be considered as “works made for hire” as contemplated and defined in Section 101 of the United States Copyright Act.
STUDIO PROS, INC. hereby grants to Customer all rights of every kind and nature in and to the results and proceeds of STUDIO PROS, INC.’s services and performances rendered hereunder, including, without limitation, all rights in and to the following Performances, Compositions and/or Masters, including the worldwide copyrights therein, (including the universal copyright and any and all renewal and extension rights) for all uses of whatsoever nature whether now known or hereafter devised, throughout the world and universe. Customer shall accordingly have the sole and exclusive right to copyright any Performances, Compositions and/or Masters embodying STUDIO PROS, INC.’s performances under Customer’s name as the sole owner and author thereof.
If for any reason we shall be deemed not to be the authors of the Performances, Compositions and/or Masters, then STUDIO PROS, INC. hereby assigns to Customer the entire right, title and interest throughout the universe, in and to the Performances, Compositions and/or Masters, STUDIO PROS, INC. acknowledges and agrees that Customer and its affiliates, assignees, licensees, etc. have the right to use, produce, reproduce, record, re-record, adapt, edit, delete from, add to, combine with other works, translate, print, publish, advertise, transmit, perform, broadcast, disseminate and otherwise exploit and authorize the exploitation of the Performances, Compositions and/or Masters by any and all means now known or hereafter devised.
STUDIO PROS, INC. hereby waives the benefit of any provision of law known as “moral rights” or any similar analogous provision of any treaty, statute, regulation or rule of law of any government or quasi-governmental body in any country of the world or throughout the universe.
Turnaround time
Our turnaround time is 48 business hours from order completion and receiving your files for each service.
* Mixing, mastering, horn and string sections turnaround time is 72 business hours.
** When ordering drum tracks sources please allow additional 48 hours after approving our preview for bouncing and uploading the source tracks.
Expedite process is available upon request. Click here for details.
If your order is missing important material/information, our turnaround time will be 48 business hours from receipt of the requested material/information.
In some very rare cases, we reserve the right to extend our turnaround time. In such case, you'll be notified in writing.
Modifications
We offer one free modification for each service you order. Additional modifications are
$50 each.
A modification defined as change of the recorded preview. (not a complete retake)
In addition, when the requested modification is more labor intensive, we reserve the right to charge more to perform it.
Modification requests must be provided within two weeks from receiving our preview.
Additional Takes/Layers
Get a complete new take/version for only 50% of the original cost.
Additional takes/layers must be requested within two weeks from receiving our preview.
Shipping
We encourage you to download our tracks from our server, avoiding a long wait for a CD to be mailed to you.
Shipping a CD takes about with 2-10 business days from your approval date if you live in the USA. However, if you live outside of the USA, it might be longer than that
Refund policy
We offer a risk-free, money-back guarantee on your first song.
After placing your order, we'll send you a high quality mp3 preview of
our recording. If you don't approve the preview, just tell us why and
we'll refund your money in full.
If your order includes several services for a song and you decide to
terminate the process, you'll get a full refund for the services you
didn't approve.
The money back guarantee is valid for 60 days from the date of purchase.
Your Response:
If you fail to respond to an order within two weeks, the order will be automatically approved.
Your Warranty to Us:
Customer is the rightful owner of the Master Recording and/or Composition and all elements contained therein and warrants that it does not violate any law or infringe upon or violate the rights, including without limitation all copyright rights, of any individual or entity.
If Customer is not the rightful owner then they warrant to STUDIO PROS, INC. that they have the necessary and required permission/license from the rightful owner to re-record, edit and/or modify the Master Recording and/or Composition.
Customer agrees to indemnify STUDIO PROS, INC. its agents or assignees and hold them free and harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, costs, losses, damages or expenses, including but not limited to, reasonable attorney fees and court costs, arising out of any failure or breach by Customer with respect to its warranties as set forth in this Agreement.
Song Storage:
STUDIO PROS, INC. only maintains your tracks for a period of three months following the completion of each project.
It is your responsibility to purchase, download and store the source tracks of the master within that time period. You may extend the storage period by purchasing a
'song storage plan'.
Responsibility:
STUDIO PROS, INC.
is not responsible for loss or damages caused by using its services.
The customer waives the right to bring any legal action(s) against STUDIO PROS, INC. and/or its staff due to any damages or loss, financial or otherwise, resulting from customer’s use of our recording, tracking, mixing, editing, mastering or consulting services.STUDIO PROS, INC. reserves the right to refuse service at its discretion and/or terminate service at any time.
The privacy of our customers and their songs is very important to us. Click here to read our privacy policy.
These Terms of Service may be amended at any time without notice.
Vocalists:
Vocalists names and images have been changed to protect their privacy.
Mediation and Arbitration:
If a dispute arises out of or relates to this contract or the breach thereof, or the services provided by (or to be provided by) Studio Pros, INC., and if the dispute cannot be settled through negotiation, the parties agree first to try in good faith to settle the dispute by mediation administered by the American Arbitration Association under its Commercial Mediation Procedures, venue in Los Angeles, CA, before resorting to arbitration, litigation, or some other dispute resolution procedure.
Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this contract, or the breach thereof, or the services provided by (or to be provided by) Studio Pros, INC., shall be settled by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association in accordance with its Commercial Arbitration Rules, venue in Los Angeles, CA, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
By using Studio Pros, INC.’s services, you are waiving any right to file or participate in a class action, collective action, or other representative action against Studio Pros, INC., and is waiving any right to a jury trial, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
Notice And Procedure For Copyright Infringement Claim.
Pursuant to 17 U.S.C. Section 512, as amended by Title II of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the "Act"), Studio Pros, INC. reserves the right, but not the obligation, to terminate your right to use the Applications, the Sites or the Services if
Studio Pros, INC. determines in its sole and absolute discretion that you are involved in any activity that may be infringing, including alleged acts of infringement, regardless of whether the material or activity is ultimately determined to be infringing.
Studio Pros, INC. accommodates and does not interfere with standard technical measures used by copyright owners to protect their materials. In addition, pursuant to 17 U.S.C. Section 512(c), as amended,
Studio Pros, INC. has implemented or will implement procedures for receiving written notification of claimed infringements and for processing such claims in accordance with the Act.
If you believe that anything on the
Sites or the Services infringes upon any copyright which you own or control you may file a notification of such infringement and submit them via email or the postal mail as set bellow:
DMCA Complaints
Studio Pros, INC.
701 S. Carson St., Suite 200
Carson City, Nevada 89701
United Stated
For faster response, call us: 310-928-7776 or contact us by email.
Please see 17 U.S.C. §512(c)(3) for the requirements of a proper notification. You should note that if you knowingly misrepresent in your notification that the material or activity is infringing, you will be liable for any damages including, but not limited to, costs and attorneys' fees, incurred by us or the alleged infringer as the result of our relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing.
Studio Pros, INC. respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide the designated agent listed above with the following information: (i) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest; (ii) a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed; (iii) a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on
the Sites or the Services; (iv) your address, telephone number, and email address; (v) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (vi) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf.
About
Services
Demos
Employment
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Articles
Featured Projects
Recording Tips
Music Career Tips
Songwriting Tips
Press Reviews
Special Offers
Contact
Office Hours: Mon-Fri, 7am-5pm PST
Phone: 310-928-7776
Send us an email
Top
Copyright ©
2002 - 2020 StudioPros, Inc
Follow us:
max volume
repeat
repeat off
/* ------- increase google review form height ------- */