https://studiopros.com/privacy.php
310-928-7776
My Account
Services +
Music Production
Mixing & Mastering
Drums & Percussion
Bass, Guitars & Keys
Vocalists
Live Strings & Horns
Video Editing Services
Songwriter Services
StudioPros Gift Card
Services
Music Production
Produce your song from start to finish.
Mixing & Mastering
Mixing, Mastering, Audio Editing, Vocal Tuning
Drums & Percussion
Live Drums, Programming, Percussion
Bass, Guitars & Keys
Bass, Guitars, Keyboards, Dobro, Pedal Steel, Lap Steel, Mandolin, Banjo
Vocalists
Male Vocalists, Female Vocalists
Live Strings & Horns
String Section, Horn Section, Flutes, Clarinet, Upright Bass, Fiddle
Video Editing Services
Custom Edit, After Effects, Fixed Frame Video
Songwriter Services
Music Charts, Lyric Editing, Lyric Translation
StudioPros Gift Card
Send a gift to a friend, or add credit to your own account.
|
My Account
Login to your account
Email :
Password :
Forgot Password?
Register a new account
|
310-928-7776
Privacy Notice
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. We will not share any personally identifiable information with anyone for any reason without your explicit permission.
We are obligated to keep your material confidential. Your sketches will not be played for any other purpose except as needed to record tracks for your song and/or musical piece.
Exception to our privacy policy
We reserve the right to wave our privacy policy in the case of sexual harassment towards any of Studio Pros' staff member. We will treat these cases severely and report the material we've received, including all contact information to the police. We have a zero tolerance policy against such cases.
How We Use Your Information
When ordering, you will create a personal account. Through this account, you provide certain types of information such as physical address, telephone number, email address, credit card number and expiration date. Without this information, an order cannot be shipped and/or billed. An email may be sent to you, or a phone call made if there is any trouble processing your order. Personal demographic data, such as age, gender, and income are optional. They are not required to browse the site, create an account, or to order from us. This information is stored and viewed collectively. The data allows us to better understand your interests, and provide better service and more appropriate product offerings. We may at times share aggregated demographic information with carefully selected partners and advertisers. This data is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. We use various shipping companies to deliver your order, and a credit card processing company to bill you for those goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store nor use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. This site may at times make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. Caution should be exercised when deciding to disclose personal information. We will not sell, share, nor rent this information to any third party marketer without your express knowledge and consent as outlined in this statement. As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or buy stores or assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. At that time, information may be shared with the parent, subsidiary or merger partner involved in the transaction. We also reserve the right to sell our interest in membership information as a separate asset of the corporation in the event of a major restructuring or similar corporate event.
This website uses Google AdWords
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the StudioPros.com website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings.
Correcting & Updating Your Information
If there is a change to be made to your personally identifiable information - such as a zip code, email address, or area code changes - such editing may be done by accessing My Account and clicking on Edit.
Security
We take every precaution to protect your privacy. When you submit sensitive information via the website, the information is protected both online and offline. When sensitive information such as a credit card number is required, that information is transmitted with the most advanced encryption software in the industry - SSL. All personal information is protected offline as well in our restricted offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, a billing specialist or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers on which information is stored are kept in a secure and closely monitored environment.
If you have any questions about the security of our website, or your privacy, please contact us.
About
Services
Demos
Employment
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Articles
Featured Projects
Recording Tips
Music Career Tips
Songwriting Tips
Press Reviews
Special Offers
Contact
Office Hours: Mon-Fri, 7am-5pm PST
Phone: 310-928-7776
Send us an email
Top
Copyright ©
2002 - 2020 StudioPros, Inc
Follow us:
max volume
repeat
repeat off
/* ------- increase google review form height ------- */