https://styrene.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content Skip to footer
Last updated April 30, 2020
The Styrene Information and Research Center, Inc. (“SIRC,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) respects the privacy of our members and other users of our websites and services (“user” or “you”). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit the website operated by SIRC where the Privacy Policy is posted (the “Site”), and when you contact or interact with SIRC online or offline. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not access the Site. Your use of the Site is also subject to the separate Terms and Conditions.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by, at a minimum, posting the updated Privacy Policy here. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Privacy Policy on the Site.
You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Site after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.
You can skip to a specific section of this Privacy Policy by clicking on the links below.
COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
USE OF COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
OPTIONS REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
ADDITIONAL RIGHTS FOR EU RESIDENTS
CONTACT US
COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We collect information from and about you when you access and use the Site and when you contact or interact with SIRC. This includes information about an identified or identifiable natural person (referred to in this Privacy Policy as “personal information” or “personal data”) and non-personal information. The information we collect includes information you voluntarily provide, technical and device information collected automatically through your use of the Site, and information we obtain from third parties. SIRC may combine the information we collect from and about you, and we may combine information collected online with information collected offline. You are under no obligation to provide us with personal information of any kind, however your refusal to do so may prevent you from using certain features of the Site or obtaining certain services.
We may collect the following types of information:
Personal Contact Information that allows SIRC to contact individuals directly, such as your first and last name, physical address, email address, and telephone number.
Professional Information, such as your company name and title.
Login Information for SIRC members to register and login to their accounts. Login Information typically includes an email address and password.
Contents of Your Communications with us.
Technical and Device Information collected automatically when you access the Site and use the Site and features. Such information typically includes your IP address, mobile device ID, browser type, operating system, access times, and the pages you have viewed directly before and after accessing the Site.
Information From Third Parties. If you register for a SIRC event using a designated third party service, such as Eventbrite, the service collects personal information, including Personal Contact Information and payment information, in accordance with its own policies and terms. SIRC collects certain personal information to manage your registration and communicate with you about the event, but SIRC does not collect or process any payment information.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may use information collected from and about you to:
Create and manage your account.Register you for and deliver e-mail updates, newsletters, and other information.Register you for and communicate with you about our events.Communicate with you and respond to your inquiries and requests.Provide membership services.Provide members with access to information. Conduct surveys and request feedback.Personalize your experience.Administer and facilitate use of the Site and our services.Monitor and analyze usage and trends to enhance and improve the Site and user experience.Protect our legal rights and the rights of others, maintain Site security, and conduct investigations.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share information we have collected from or about you in certain situations. Your information may be shared with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf, including Site hosting, database and server maintenance and security, file sharing, data analytics, event registration and communications, email delivery, customer service, and marketing assistance.
SIRC may also disclose your information (1) to safeguard our Site, intellectual property, users, or the rights of third parties, (2) to investigate violations of the Site Terms and Conditions, (3) as required or permitted by law or in response to a court order or legal request, or (4) in connection with a merger, acquisition, or transfer of assets of SIRC. SIRC will not otherwise share your information without your consent.
USE OF COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
We and our analytics providers use cookies or similar technologies, such as web beacons, on the Site to help customize the Site, facilitate Site navigation, perform analytics, and improve your experience. Cookies are identifiers that facilitate the interaction between your computer or device and the Site. Different types of cookies, such as session and persistent cookies, are used for different purposes. Session cookies remain on your computer or device temporarily until you leave the Site, and persistent cookies remain on your computer or device for longer or until you manually delete them. Information collected through cookies and other technologies includes Technical and Device Information.
We and our analytics providers generally use the following types of cookies and other technologies, such as GIF files or web beacons:
Strictly Necessary. These cookies help make a website navigable by activating basic functions such as page navigation. Without these cookies, the Site would not be able to work properly.Functional. These cookies are used to recognize you when you use the Site and provide enhanced functionality and more personalized features.
Performance and Analytics. These cookies are used to understand and improve the Site and understand how you use the Site.  The Site uses cookies set by Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager for these purposes.
Most web browsers allow you to set preferences about cookies you wish to accept. To control cookies on a device, consult your browser settings and follow the instructions. For information on commonly used browsers, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html. Visit the Google Analytics website for information about how to opt out of Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager.
If you remove or block cookies, you may not be able to use or access certain features. You should be aware that accessing the Site from a different computer or device, using a different browser, upgrading an existing browser, or erasing or otherwise altering your browser’s cookies files may also clear certain opt-out cookies, plug-ins, or settings.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Site may contain links to third-party websites and applications of interest, including advertisements and external services, that are not affiliated with SIRC. Once you have used these links to leave the Site, any information you provide to these third parties is subject to the third parties’ privacy practices and policies. Before visiting and providing any information to any third party, you should inform yourself of the third party’s privacy policies and practices. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other sites, services, or applications that may be linked to or from the Site.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We strive to employ reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security of your personal information.
OPTIONS REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
Account Information
SIRC uses Citrix ShareFile to facilitate the sharing of information among SIRC and its members. If you are a SIRC member with an online account, you can use your Login Information to access your account, update or modify your account information or preferences, and request to terminate your account. You can also contact us using the contact information provided below. Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use, and/or comply with legal requirements.
Marketing Communications
You can unsubscribe from marketing e-mail messages using the unsubscribe link provided in our marketing communications. We may continue to send certain non-commercial communications from time to time, however.
ADDITIONAL RIGHTS FOR EU RESIDENTS
The Site is hosted in the United States, where SIRC is located. The data protection laws of some countries, such as the United States, may not offer a level of protection equivalent to that within the European Economic Area (EEA). By using the Site, you consent to the transfer of your personal data to the United States.
If you are a resident of the EEA, the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 requires that we inform you of the legal bases we rely on to process your personal data. The legal bases for processing are set forth below.
Consent. For example, we obtain your consent when you sign up to receive marketing e-mail updates from us. You can withdraw your consent at any time (for example, by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in our marketing communications).Our legitimate business interests. For example, to perform data analytics, maintain system security, communicate with members and other users of the Site and respond to their questions, comments, and requests, conduct surveys, protect our rights and the rights of others, and improve the Site or SIRC’s services.Performance of a contract with you. For example, to provide members with products, services, and benefits they are entitled to receive and register members for events.Compliance with laws. For example, to comply with legal and regulatory requirements or respond to a court order or legal request.
If you are a resident of the EEA, you have the following rights with respect to our processing of your personal data, subject to certain exceptions:
Request access to, or modification, correction, or erasure of, your personal data.Request that we restrict processing of your personal data (for example, where you believe that the personal data we hold about you is inaccurate or our processing is unlawful).Object to our processing of your personal data. Request the transfer of your personal data to another data controller.Lodge a complaint with a local data protection authority if you have concerns about our processing of your personal information. We request that you contact us first so that we can investigate, and hopefully resolve, your concerns.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the contact details below.  We will handle any request to exercise your rights in accordance with applicable laws and any relevant legal exceptions. Where permissible, we may charge for this service. We will respond to reasonable requests as soon as practicable and as required by law. To protect your privacy and security, we may take steps to verify your identity before responding to your request.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Styrene Information and Research Center, Inc.
400 E. Joppa Road, Suite 108
Towson, MD 21286
(202) 787-5996
sirc@styrene.org
Footer
Styrene Information & Research Center
400 E Joppa Road, Suite 108
Towson, MD 21286
202-787-5996
Search this website
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Member Login
For consumers, educators, the media, industry employees... Your reliable, one-stop source of information on styrene and styrene-based products.
Created for consumers, educators, the media, and industry employees, youknowstyrene.org is a reliable, one-stop source of information on styrene and styrene-based products.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions.Ok