http://styrene.org/online-terms-and-conditions/
Skip to main content Skip to footer
Last updated: April 30, 2020
This website (the “Service”) is owned by Styrene Information and Research Center, Inc. (“SIRC,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using the Service.
Acknowledgement
These are the Terms and Conditions governing the use of this Service and the agreement that operates between You and the Company. These Terms and Conditions set out the rights and obligations of all users regarding the use of the Service.
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions apply to all visitors, users, and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If You disagree with any part of these Terms and Conditions then you should not use the Service.
Your access to and use of the Service is also subject to the online Privacy Policy and other polices or guidelines we may post, which are incorporated herein by reference.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Except as otherwise indicated, SIRC owns the Service and SIRC owns (or uses with permission) all registered and unregistered trademarks, logos, wallpaper, icons, characters, artwork, images, audio clips, graphics, music, sound, information, text, data, comments, posting, submissions, pictures, videos, and other material and content on this site (collectively the “Content”), and the arrangement and selection of Content. Your unauthorized use of the Content may violate copyright, trademark, patent, privacy, and other U.S. and/or international laws, and may infringe upon the rights of SIRC and third parties not owned by or affiliated with SIRC. You are granted a limited, non-transferable, revocable license to access and use the Service, download material from the Service for your own personal use, and to make one machine-readable copy and/or one print copy that is limited to occasional articles of personal interest only. This individual license cannot be sublicensed or extended to others. You may not alter, archive, copy, reproduce, distribute, publish, transmit, modify, adapt, translate, display, distribute, sell, license, prepare derivative works based upon, or otherwise use or exploit the Content. You must not remove or modify any of the copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices. You may not use bots, data mining technology, or any other technique intended to extract data or information from the Service. Any attempt to interfere with the Service or impede the lawful enjoyment of the Content by anyone may be subject to civil and criminal penalties.
THIRD PARTY CONTENT
The Service may contain Content owned by third parties, including but not limited to SIRC’s promotional and business partners, licensors, licensees, sponsors, and advertisers. The use of the names or trademarks of such third parties and any references to their products or services on the Service does not constitute an endorsement by SIRC of such parties or their products or services. SIRC does not endorse or warrant the accuracy or reliability of, or assume any liability in connection with, any Content provided by third parties or any of their products or services.
Links to Other Websites
The Service may contain links to third party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by SIRC.
SIRC has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that SIRC shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods, or services available on or through any such third party websites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third party websites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend your access to the Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach these Terms and Conditions. Upon termination, your right to use the Service will cease immediately.
Limitation of Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall SIRC or its officers, directors, employees, members, or agents be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, loss of data or other information, for business interruption, for personal injury, third-party software and/or third-party hardware used with the Service, or otherwise in connection with these Terms and Conditions) nor shall they be liable for any damages whatsoever, even if SIRC or its officers, directors, employees, members, or agents have been advised of the possibility of such damages and even if the remedy fails of its essential purpose.
Some states do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, which means that some of the above limitations may not apply. In these states, each party’s liability will be limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
Disclaimer
The Service is provided to you “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” and with all faults and defects without warranty of any kind. To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, SIRC, on its own behalf and on behalf of its licensors and service providers, expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the Service, including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, and warranties that may arise out of course of dealing, course of performance, usage, or trade practice. Without limitation to the foregoing, SIRC provides no warranty or undertaking, and makes no representation of any kind that the Service will meet your requirements, achieve any intended results, be compatible or work with any other software, applications, systems, or services, operate without interruption, meet any performance or reliability standards, or be error free or that any errors or defects can or will be corrected.
Without limiting the foregoing, neither SIRC nor any of its providers make any representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied: (i) as to the operation or availability of the Service, or the information, content, and materials or products included thereon; (ii) that the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free; (iii) as to the accuracy, reliability, or currency of any information or content provided through the Service; or (iv) that the Service, its servers, the content, or e-mails sent from or on behalf of the Company are free of viruses, scripts, trojan horses, worms, malware, timebombs, or other harmful components.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain types of warranties or limitations on applicable statutory rights of a consumer, so some or all of the above exclusions and limitations may not apply to you. But in such a case the exclusions and limitations set forth in this section shall be applied to the greatest extent enforceable under applicable law.
Governing Law; jurisdiction
The laws of the District of Columbia, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern these Terms and Conditions and your use of the Service. You agree that the District of Columbia is a proper forum for resolving any claims or disputes arising out of these Terms and Conditions or your use of the Service. Those who choose to access the Service from outside the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for complying with local laws. By using the Services and Content, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country where use of the Service or Content is prohibited.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless SIRC and its officers, directors, members, employees, agents, representatives, business partners, licensors, and licensees from and against any and all actions, claims, damages, judgments, demands, liabilities, losses, costs, and expenses (including, without limitation, attorney’s fees) arising out of or relating to your violation of these Terms and Conditions.
Severability and Waiver
Severability
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is held to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision may be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.
Waiver
Except as provided herein, the failure to exercise a right or to require performance of an obligation under these Terms and Conditions shall not affect a party’s ability to exercise such right or require such performance at any time thereafter nor shall be the waiver of a breach constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach.
Changes to These Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms and Conditions at any time.
By continuing to access or use the Service after any such changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the updated Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to the new Terms and Conditions, in whole or in part, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, you can contact us:
Styrene Information and Research Center, Inc.
400 E. Joppa Road, Suite 108
Towson, MD 21286
(202) 787-5996
sirc@styrene.org
Footer
Styrene Information & Research Center
400 E Joppa Road, Suite 108
Towson, MD 21286
202-787-5996
Search this website
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Member Login
For consumers, educators, the media, industry employees... Your reliable, one-stop source of information on styrene and styrene-based products.
Created for consumers, educators, the media, and industry employees, youknowstyrene.org is a reliable, one-stop source of information on styrene and styrene-based products.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions.Ok