http://submersiblesystems.com/legal.html
Legal
Submersible Systems, LLC (SSLLC), its dealers, agents and services make no claims or guarantees to the accuracy of the information provided in this website.
Any information that is submitted to and then published on our website is copyrighted by Submersible System unless otherwise noted. Submersible Systems is not liable for and cannot guarantee the accuracy of any information published that is provided by outside sources including all online reporting sources.
All logos and descriptions from other organizations are the sole property of each company/organization listed. Submersible Systems does not claim any liability for the accuracy or credibility of the companies or organizations and the information they provide.
SSLLC cannot guarantee the complete protection of any personal information you provide, but will make every effort to keep all data secure. For more information, view our Privacy Statement below.
The Spare Air is registered #4996982 with the US Patent Office.
The Spare Air Xtreme Sport (aka Spare Air Extreme Sport) is registered #D515,786 with the US Patent Office.
The Spare Air Refill Adapter is registered 7,182,108 B2 with the US Patent Office.
SPARE AIR is a Registered Trademark of Submersible Systems, LLC
Control of Information as a Company Asset: The policy of Submersible Systems, LLC is to use personal data gathered from its customers for company use only, to the benefit of the customer, and is not to be distributed to outside organizations or companies. In the event that the ownership of Submersible Systems, LLC changes, the classification of this data may change to a “company asset” and the policies regarding privacy are subject to change without notice. Although Submersible Systems has every intention of keeping your data private, in the event a new owner acquires Submersible Systems, LLC, the current owners cannot guarantee that the policies regarding the privacy of this information will not change.
This website is designed and maintained by Creative Aerts, Incorporated, DBA Creative AeRTS Graphic Design. Creative AeRTS makes no claims regarding the accuracy of any information provided on this website. All graphics and copy is published with the approval of SSLLC. Creative AeRTS makes no claims of ownership or liability regarding any aspect of this website or the products presented within. The website and domain name, www.submersiblesystems.com is owned by and is copyrighted with all rights reserved by Submersible Systems, LLC, 7413 Slater Avenue, Huntington Beach, CA 92647.
Privacy Statement
Submersible Systems, LLC (SSLLC) is committed to safety, both, while you SCUBA Dive, and when gathering information about you on the internet. This privacy statement outlines our policy towards gathering and protecting your personal information.
Personal Data:
The personal data provided to our Warranty Registration, Shopping Cart and Survey forms, including your name, address, email address and phone number, is used to inform you about product announcements, promotions, changes or upgrades that we deem relevant to our customers and website users. Personal data is not distributed to organizations or businesses independent from SSLLC*.
To request that you not be contacted, please write to us or email us at info@submersiblesystems.com, telling us who you are and that you do not wish to be contacted. We will remove your personal information from our email and/or mailing lists.
All personal information is stored with protection of your personal information as a top priority. Personal Data, submitted to any part of our website, is collected and stored for legal protection only, and is not to be distributed unless required by law.
Personal data gathered from certain parts of our website may or may not be mixed or compared to other data gathered from another part of our website, or with data gathered from mail or other sources.
* Personal information may be considered an asset of the company. See our legal section for more information about Control of Information as a Company Asset.
© 2019 Submersible Systems, LLC - Legal/Privacy Statement