https://subroclaims.com/privacy/
Skip to Main Content
Privacy
Subroclaims™, is committed to respecting your privacy. We've structured our website so that you can visit Subroclaims on the Web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. Once you choose to provide us personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified), you can be assured that it will only be used to support your client relationship with Subroclaims. This statement regarding the privacy of the information you provide online covers five main areas: Awareness, Choice, Access & Accuracy, Security, and Oversight.
Awareness
Subroclaims provides this Online Privacy Statement to make you aware of our privacy policy and practices and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our home page and from the bottom of every Subroclaims.com webpage.
What we collect
Subroclaims uses payment software allowing you to pay your bills online. The types of personal information collected through this interface are contact and billing information, transaction, and credit card/bank information.
How we use it
Subroclaims only uses your information to help you complete a transaction, to communicate back to you, and to update you on services and benefits. Credit card/bank information is used only for payment processing and is securely encrypted in the software system.
From time to time, we may send you an email with information, specials or new service offerings we think would be of particular interest. At a minimum, we will always give you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving such direct marketing. We will also follow local requirements, such as allowing you to opt-in before receiving unsolicited contact, where applicable.
Who we share it with
Subroclaims will not sell, rent, or lease your personally identifiable information to others. Unless we have your permission or are required by law, we will only share the personal data you provide online with other Subroclaims entities and/or business partners who are acting on our behalf to complete the activities described above.
Choice
Subroclaims will not use or share your identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without letting you know and offering you a choice. As previously stated, we will also provide you the opportunity to let us know if you do not wish to receive unsolicited direct marketing materials from us and we will do everything we can to honor such requests. Your permission is always our first priority.
Access & Accuracy
Subroclaims strives to keep your personal information accurate. We will make every effort to provide you with online access to your data so that you may update or correct your information. To protect your privacy and security, our software system takes reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access or enabling you to make corrections.
Security
Subroclaims is committed to ensuring the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We use encryption when capturing or transferring credit card/bank information.
Oversight
If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, please send them to this e-mail address: info@subroclaims.com
Chat With UsContact UsChat with SubroclaimsRequest CallbackChat with Subroclaims
0
$0.00
My Cart
Empty Cart
Sub Total
$0.00
View Full Cart
Checkout