https://successrice.com/privacy-policy/
Success® Rice»Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
EFFECTIVE DATE: August 8, 2019
Highlights Here at Riviana Foods Inc. we know how much you value privacy, and we realize that you care about what happens to the information you provide us, so we have explained below how we use, share, and store your information.  If you are a California resident, click here for information about Your California Privacy Rights.
What information does this Privacy Statement apply to?
This Privacy Statement applies to customer information that we collect through our Websites as well as information you provide to us directly as well as information we collect from third parties.  For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Websites” includes social media platforms.
What information does Riviana Foods Inc. collect?
We collect the following types of information:
Contact information (such as name, address, city, state, zip code, email address and telephone number)
Information that you choose to provide when signing up for promotions, clubs, and taste tests (such as your birth date, household information, income, marital status, and education)
Product preferences
Content you provide (such as photographs, videos, reviews, articles, comments, or any information you provide to us about your use of our products and services or regarding your workplace)
Financial and payment information (such as payment card number, expiration date, delivery address, and billing address)
Employment and employment application information
Non-personal information about your interactions with our website, such as your browser information or IP address. We may collect data about your device or location as well. This information is collected from a variety of sources including information that you give us directly (for example during transactions, surveys, telephone calls, and Website registrations), information that we receive from our affiliated brands and other third party sources, and information automatically collected when you visit our Websites (such as via cookies or web beacons).
Read more about the information we collect.
How does Riviana Foods Inc. use my information? We use your information to provide you with products and services and to support our core business functions, such as order fulfillment, service requests, customer service, product safety and improvement, marketing, authentication, loss and fraud prevention, public safety, and legal functions.  We may combine all of the information that we collect and we may enhance data that we collect with data obtained from third parties.
Read more about how we use your information.
How does Riviana Foods Inc. share my information? We may share your information with affiliated companies and subsidiaries as well as with business partners for marketing purposes and when we believe that their products or services may be of interest to you.  We may also disclose your information to third party service providers or business partners who help us with our business functions.  We may share your personal information if necessary to protect the safety, property, or other rights of us, our customers, or employees, or when required by law.  We may also share your personal information with your consent.  Your information may be stored in databases maintained by Riviana Foods Inc. or third parties that are located within and outside the United States, including countries where privacy rules differ and may be less stringent than those of the country in which you reside.  If you visit our Website from a country other than the United States, you consent to such cross-border transfers of personal data to the United States.
Read more about how we share your information.
What choices do I have? We want to communicate with you about our brand and our products, but only in the ways that you agree to hear from us.  We will use a standard opt-out process for our marketing communications, meaning that you will receive marketing communications from us unless you tell us not to (for example, emails newsletters, special offers or discounts, or new product announcements).  We participate in interest-based or behavioral advertising.  This means that you may receive advertising on our Website or other websites that are tailored to how you browse or shop.
How does Riviana Foods Inc. use information from social media? We also collect information through social media.
Read more about social media privacy.
How can I contact Riviana Foods Inc. with questions or concerns? Please email us at info@riviana.com.
Full Statement
Riviana Foods Inc. respects your concerns about privacy and values the relationship we have with you. This Privacy Statement describes the types of information we collect about our customers, how we use the information, with whom we share it, and the choices available to our customers regarding our use of the information. We also describe the measures we take to protect the security of the information and how our customers can contact us about our privacy practices.
1.  What information does this Privacy Statement apply to?
This Privacy Statement applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of information from and about customers by Riviana Foods Inc. on this website, through social media platforms, and through telephone, email communications, and other sources.  This Privacy Statement does not apply to third party websites that may be accessible through hyperlinks on this Website, which have their own privacy policies that we encourage you to review.  Linking to a third party site does not mean that we endorse the site, any products or services described on the site, or any other material contained in a third party site.  To the extent any linked websites you visit are not owned or controlled by us, we are not responsible for the sites’ content, any use of the sites, or the privacy practices of the sites.  Please review the privacy policy on those other websites to see how they handle your personal and non-personal information.
If you choose to use our Website in any way, such as browsing or interacting, you agree with the terms of our current Privacy Statement as posted here. If you do not agree with this Privacy Statement, you should not use our Website.  We may update or modify this Privacy Statement from time to time at our sole discretion, and will note the date of last update on the top of this page.  We encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed, as your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes to these terms means that you consent to such changes.
2a. What information does Riviana Foods Inc. collect?
We may obtain personal information about you from various sources. We may collect this information when you provide it on our Website, our social media platforms, in telephone or email communication, in connection with our social networking, or at one of our events. When you visit the Website, we may also collect certain information about your device or usage by automated means or by using technologies such as cookies, web server logs, and web beacons.
2b. What types of personal information?
You may choose to provide personal information to us in a number of ways, such as when you participate in an offer or promotion, when you register on the Website, or when you make a purchase on our Websites.  The types of personal information you may provide to us include:
Contact information (such as name, address, city, state, ZIP code, email address and telephone number)
Information that you choose to provide when signing up for promotions, clubs, and taste tests (such as your birth date, household information, income, marital status, and education)
Product preferences
Content you provide (such as photographs, videos, reviews, articles, comments, or any information you provide to us about your use of our products and services or regarding your workplace)
Financial and payment information (such as payment card number, expiration date, delivery address, and billing address)
Employment and employment application information
If you choose to interact on the Website – such as by registering; applying for products or services; submitting orders on your own behalf or on the behalf of other recipients; completing product reviews, taste tests, questionnaires, surveys, service contacts, or requests for information; entering sweepstakes or contests; or using social media platforms – Riviana Foods Inc. will collect the personal information that you provide as well as information about your use of our products and services.  If you provide us with personal information regarding another individual, we will assume that you have that person’s consent to give us his or her personal information.
We may collect personal information about you that you provide through telephone or email communications.  In addition, we may collect information that is provided to us by social networks when you visit our social media platforms or use one of our social networking partner applications (such as your name, profile picture, likes, location, friend list and other information described in the social networking application sign-up page or your geo-location details).
2c. What other types of information?
When you visit this Website or our online advertisements, utilize our services, open an email that we send you, or interact with social networking applications, we may collect information about your usage or device by automated means or by using technologies such as cookies, web server logs and web beacons. As set forth in more detail below, we may also collect information about your usage and browsing habits using various web-based technologies.
Cookies: Cookies are small text files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in your browser. Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies and how to restrict or disable certain cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our Website. We use “cookies” to remember user preferences, to maximize the performance of our website and services, and to enhance your user experience. We may use cookies that are managed by Riviana Foods Inc. or by third parties for the purposes provided below, including session management, authentication, Website analytics, advertising (including affiliate marketing), content management, eCommerce, search, and social media integration.
Web server logs: In conjunction with obtaining information through cookies, our web servers may log details such as your operating system type, browser type, domain, and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone in which your device is located. The web server logs also may record information such as the address of the web page that linked you to our Website and the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet.
Web beacons & pixels: To control which web servers collect information described above, we may place tags on our Website or in emails called “web beacons” or “pixels.” These are computer instructions that link web pages to particular web servers and their cookies. Web beacons and pixels can be used to track the pages you view, links that you click, or other online behavior. These tools may also be used to measure the effectiveness of our email campaigns by identifying the individuals who open or act upon an email message, when an email message is opened, how many times an email message is forwarded, the type of software, device, operating system and browser used to deliver the email, and any URL accessed through our email message. Such tools are also used in connection with online advertisements on our Website and on third party websites to collect the same types of information with respect to individuals who click on advertisements.
Other: We may use other technology to collect information for the purposes listed below, including advertising, analytics, content management, social media integration, search, tag management, testing, and understanding our customers better.
Such technologies may permit collection of data elements such as demographic data, browser type, MAC address and other device information, IP address, pages visited, whether you have visited us before or are new to the Website, activities conducted on the page (such as search queries), geo-location information and the day and time of your visit.
At this time, we do not honor “do not track” signals from website browsers.  However, you may refuse or delete cookies.  If you refuse or delete cookies, some of the functionality of our Websites may be impaired.  If you turn off cookies, Web beacon and other technologies will still detect visits to our Websites, but the information they generate cannot be associated with other non-identifiable cookie information and are disregarded. Please refer to your browser Help instructions to learn more about how to manage cookies and the use of similar technologies.
3. How does Riviana Foods Inc. use my information?
We collect, maintain, and use your personal or non-personal information for the following purposes:
helping to establish and verify the identity and eligibility of users;
opening, maintaining, administering, managing, and servicing users profiles, accounts or memberships;
processing, servicing or enforcing transactions (including credit or debit card transactions or gift card transactions);
providing products, services, and support, such as order fulfillment and customer service;
conducting special events, sweepstakes, surveys, programs, taste tests, contests, and other offers (and communicating with you about such events);
analyzing and improving our products, services, or Website (including developing new products and services; improving safety; managing our communications; analyzing our products; performing market research; performing data analytics; and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions);
providing users with product, service, or company updates;
marketing and advertising our products or services as well as products and services of third parties (such as affiliates, subsidiaries, and business partners);
responding to your inquiries or comments, or contacting you as necessary;
operating and communicating with you about our social networking applications
maintaining the security and integrity of our systems;
conforming to legal requirements or industry standards, complying with legal process, defending our legal rights, or protecting others;
as part of a merger, acquisition, transfer, sale, corporate change, or any other transaction involving all or a portion of Riviana Foods Inc.’s assets
All information we collect may be aggregated together and merged or enhanced with data from other sources, such as third parties or our mobile application.  We may also collect and store information locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.
4. How does Riviana Foods Inc. share my information?
We may share your information with affiliated companies and subsidiaries as well as with business partners for marketing purposes and when we believe that their products or services may be of interest to you.  If you receive our services through your employer, we may share information about you or your use of our services with your employer.  We may also disclose your information to third parties who help us with our business functions, such as service providers or suppliers, and with business partners.  Such third parties are not authorized to use or disclose your information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. Examples of these service providers include entities that process credit card payments, fulfill orders, and provide web hosting and marketing services.
We may use third party web analytics services such as Google Analytics on this Website or on social medial platforms. The service providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies, web server logs and web beacons to help us analyze how visitors use the Website. The information collected through these means (including IP address) is disclosed to these service providers, who use the information to evaluate use of the Website.
We also may contract with third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other information through the use of cookies, web server logs and web beacons on our Websites and emails; on third-party websites and emails; and on our advertising placed on third-party websites. They use this information to provide advertisements about products and services tailored to your interests (including for companies not affiliated with us). You may see these advertisements on other websites. This process also helps us manage and track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
In addition, we may share your information if necessary to protect the safety, property, or other rights of us, our customers, or employees, or when otherwise required by law.  We may also share your personal information with your consent in certain circumstances.
We reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell, transfer, or engage in another transaction involving all or a portion of our business or assets, or undertake another form of corporate change.  Following such a sale, transfer, or transaction, or corporate change, you may contact the entity to which we transferred your personal information with any inquiries concerning the processing of that information.
Your information will be stored in Riviana Foods Inc. databases (including local storage), affiliated company databases, or databases managed by third party service providers, which are located within and outside of the United States.  Such data will be automatically transferred to these databases, which may be located in countries where privacy rules differ and may be less stringent than those of the other than the United States, you consent to such cross-border transfers of personal data to the United States.
5.  What about Riviana Foods Inc.’s social media platforms?
Our Websites’ web pages may embed plugs-ins, widgets or other apps of various social media platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Pinterest, Instagram, and YouTube.  An example of such a plug-in is Facebook’s “Like” button.  When you encounter those embedded objects, your internet browser may make a direct connection to the social media platform’s service and may share with the social media platforms information such as which of our Websites you have visited.  Our Websites may also be made available through third party social media platforms.
You may also be able to access your Riviana Foods Inc. account by signing on through various social media sites such as Facebook, Google, Twitter, etc. Your participation with the services provided on social media platforms is voluntary.  If you choose to sign on using this service, Riviana Foods Inc. will collect certain information from your social media account including your public profile, user name, email address, birthday, stated location city, contact lists, and other interactions on that social media platform (such as interests and likes). The information we may have access to will vary by social media platform and is controlled by privacy settings on that platform and your choices on that platform.  Your use of services on third party social media platforms are governed by the privacy statement and other terms of use for that third party social media platform, until such information is shared with us, and then such information is also subject to this Privacy Statement.
6. Is my information secure?
Riviana Foods Inc. will take reasonable precautions to protect your information from loss, misuse or alteration.  Please be aware, however, that any email or other transmission you send through the Internet cannot be completely protected against unauthorized interception.
7. Does Riviana Foods Inc. collect information from children?
Riviana Foods Inc. does not intentionally collect personal information from children under 13 years of age, and children under age 13 should not submit any personal information to us.  If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, or a parent or guardian of a child contacts us through the contact information provided below, we will use reasonable efforts to delete the child’s information from our databases.
8.  What choices do I Have? How can I contact Riviana Foods Inc.?
We want to communicate with you about our brand and our products, but only in the ways that you agree to hear from us.  You may “opt-out,” or unsubscribe from our newsletters, special offers or discounts, or other marketing communications by following the unsubscribe instructions in any e-mail or other communication you receive from us.  After doing so, you will not receive future promotional emails unless you open a new account, enter a contest, or sign up to receive newsletters or emails.  You may also continue to receive non-marketing communications about your account or purchases that you have made.  Please allow up to 2 weeks to process your request.
We also participate in interest-based or behavioral advertising.  This means that you may receive advertising on our website or other websites that are tailored to how you browse or shop.  Riviana Foods Inc. is committed to working with consumers to obtain a fair and rapid resolution of any queries, complaints, or disputes about privacy.
If you have submitted information to Riviana Foods Inc. and you would like to have it deleted from our databases or corrected, or if you have any other questions or comments regarding our privacy practices, please contact us via email from the applicable brand or website.
9.  I Live in California – What about my California Privacy Rights?
If you are a California resident, you have the right to request information from Riviana Foods Inc. regarding the manner in which Riviana Foods Inc. shares certain categories of your personal information with third parties, for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. California law provides that you have the right to submit a request to info@riviana.com and receive the following information:
The categories of information Riviana Foods Inc. disclosed to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year; and
The names and addresses of third parties that received such information, or if the nature of their business cannot be determined from the name, then examples of the products or services marketed.
You are entitled to receive a copy of this information in a standardized format and the information will not be specific to you individually. You may make such a request by emailing us using the contact information provided above.
Effective Date:  August 8, 2019