http://sugartech.co.za/legal/index.php
The Sugar Engineers
Home |
About us |
Engineering Guides |
Rapid Design |
Material Properties |
Whats New |
Contact |
sacoronavirus.co.za |
Copyright
Copyright © 1999 to 2020 by Wayne Jayes.
The material contained on this website (the work) and in any printed form hereof is subject to copyright under Berne Convention and South African Copyright Act No. 98 of 1978 and all amendments including Intellectual Property Laws Amendment Act No. 38 of 1997.
Furthermore in terms of the Berne Convention I, Wayne Jayes hereby assert my right to claim authorship of the work and to object to any distortion, mutilation or other modification of, or other derogatory action in relation to, the said work, which would be prejudicial to my honor or reputation
Subject to the disclaimer below this work is licensed under a Creative Commons License.
Machine readable license
Disclaimer
General Disclaimer
This website provides general information only and is not intended to serve as professional advice. Whilst every precaution is taken to ensure the accuracy of the information presented, the owner of the website shall not be liable to any person or company for inaccurate information or opinions contained herein. Nor shall the owner of the website be liable to any party for any direct, indirect or other consequential damages as a result of the
use of any information, data, or programmes on or from this website.
Free Software Downloads
Programs can be downloaded from the Sugar Engineers' Library, subject to the following conditions
Freeware is offered without guarantee.
no support on the program's function or operation is offered on free software.
no responsibility is taken for any loss or damage resulting from the use or abuse of any programs.
External Links
Additionally, the owner of the website does not make any representations regarding other web sites which may be accessed through this site and accordingly accepts no responsibility for the content or use of such sites.
Links from this web site, or any other web site(s) accessible from this web site, to any product, entity, service, or information, do not constitute a recommendation by the owner of the Sugar Engineers' Library website.
Furthermore nor does a link indicate any association with or endorsement by the linked site to the Sugar Engineers' Library.
The owner of the Sugar Engineers' Library website is not responsible for the contents of any other web site.
If you are the owner or webmaster of a site that has been linked to from this site; and you are unhappy with one or more links from this site to yours please e-mail the owner of this site stating which links you want removed, and we will gladly comply.
Privacy Policy
The owner of this web site agrees to notify you of:
What personally identifiable information of yours or third party personally identification is collected from you through the web site
The organization collecting the information
How the information is used
With whom the information may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Our privacy policy and practices are detailed below and we ask you to read them fully. The policy is derived from three pledges that we make to you, our users:
We pledge that we will not use information about you without your permission.
We pledge that we will provide the means for you to manage and control the information that you have provided to us.
We pledge that we will provide mechanisms for you to communicate your privacy concerns to us and that we will respond to them thoroughly and thoughtfully.
Registration
You can visit
and use all of our services without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself.
However, we may require registration for the use of certain services. During the registration process we may require you to complete certain fields, request that you complete other fields and ask you to select a user name and password. For example, we ask for user contact information (such as first and last name, email address, and zip code).
This contact information may be used to:
enable us to confirm or verify information you have submitted to the site
welcome you to the website.
Subscription
You may choose to subscribe to our irregular newsletter which we send from time to time to advise you of major changes to the site.
You may remove yourself from the email list at any time, or you may send a mail
Use of IP Addresses
An IP address is a set of numbers that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you log in to your internet service provider or through your company's LAN or WAN. Web servers - the big computers that provide web pages for viewing - automatically identify your computer by the IP address assigned to it during your session.
We may, through a third party, collect IP addresses for purposes of system administration, to report aggregate user information to our advertisers, and to audit the use of our site. We do not ordinarily link a user's IP address to anything personally identifiable to that user, which means that your session will be logged, but you remain anonymous to us. However, we can and will use IP addresses to identify users of our site when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our site's terms of use or terms of service, or to protect our service, site, or other users.
Spam
I hate spam and have encrypted all of the email address on this site, both my own and any that are submitted by users to the site.
This has been done to prevent robots from crawling through the site and harvesting email addresses.
However there appear to be sad souls in this universe that have nothing better to do than get email addresses by hand!
If you are one of these, consider going outside, get some fresh air in your lungs and some sunshine on your body... and leave my site alone.