https://summitchairs.co.uk/terms/privacy-policy/
Terms and policies
Privacy policy
Refine
Terms of use
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
We respect your data
We won’t collect any personally identifiable information without first acquiring your consent to do so. Where we do wish to collect information, we will be explicit in detailing the way your information will be used so you can decide if you are happy for us to do so. We will never supply any of your details to anyone else to use for any other reason.
Visitors to our website
When someone visits the Summit Chairs website we use a third party service, Google Analytics to collect standard internet log information. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to various parts of our website. This information is processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make and do not allow Google to make any attempt to find out the identities of the people visiting our website without your consent.
If you are happy for us to collect more specific information about your visit then by accepting our cookies and privacy policy you are giving us permission to do so. To see specific information about the type of cookies that are in use on this website and how we use them please read our cookies page. If you subsequently change your mind you can change your preferences on the cookies page at any time.
Newsletters
We use a third party email provider, Campaign Monitor, to deliver newsletters from time to time. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us improve and monitor our newsletter. For more information please see Campaign Monitors privacy notice.
Security
Summit Chairs use a third party service to help maintain the security and performance of our websites. To deliver this service it processes the IP address of visitors to the website. We will only use this information to maintain the security of our own website.
WordPress
We use a content management system, WordPress, to update and maintain the content of our website. As part of this standard installation we use a WordPress service to collect anonymous information about users’ activity on the site, for example the number of users viewing pages on the site, to monitor and report on the effectiveness of the site and help us improve it. WordPress requires visitors that want to post a comment to enter a name and email address. For more information about how WordPress processes data, please see Automattic’s privacy notice.
Email
We use Gmail as our email service provider. Gmail supports Transport Layer Security (TLS) to encrypt and protect email traffic. If your email service does not support TLS, you should be aware that any emails we send or receive may not be protected in transit. We will also monitor any emails sent to us, including file attachments, for viruses or malicious software. Please be aware that you have a responsibility to ensure that any email you send is within the bounds of the law.
Services
We keep the details of people who have subscribed to a service on our site as long as they require that service. For example if you subscribe to our email list we will keep your email address to provide you with information that you are interested in. When you unsubscribe we will remove you from this list and no longer contact you.
Access to personal information
Summit Chairs tries to be as open as it can be in terms of giving people access to their personal information. Individuals can find out if we hold any personal information by making a ‘subject access request’. If we do hold information we will: give you a description of it; tell you why we are holding it; tell you who it could be disclosed to; and let you have a copy of the information in an intelligible form.
To make a request for any personal information we may hold you need to put the request in writing to. Summit Chairs. c/o Data Processing Officer, Aintree Avenue, White Horse Business Park, Trowbridge, Wiltshire BA14 0XB
Erasure
Under Article 17 of the GDPR individuals have the right to have personal data erased. This is also known as the ‘right to be forgotten’. The right is not absolute and only applies in certain circumstances. When we are presented with an ‘erasure’ request we will evaluate each request individually with GDPR compliance in mind.
Breach Notifications
In the event of a Data Breach Summit Chairs will respond inline with GDPR regulations. A notification will be issued in all member states where a data breach is likely to “result in a risk for the rights and freedoms of individuals”. This will be done within 72 hours of first having become aware of the breach. We will also notify our customers without delay.
Amazon Web Servers / IT
Our website is hosted on a dedicated server with Amazon Web Servers (AWS). As well as giving customers a number of tools and services to build GDPR-compliant environments, AWS has achieved a number of internationally recognised certifications and accreditations. In the process, AWS has demonstrated compliance with third-party assurance frameworks such as ISO 27017 for cloud security, ISO 27018 for cloud privacy, PCI DSS Level 1, and SOC 1, SOC 2, and SOC 3. AWS also helps customers meet local security standards such as BSI’s Common Cloud Computing Controls Catalogue (C5) that is important in Germany. We will continue to pursue certifications and accreditations that are important to AWS customers. Find out more about Amazon’s policy regarding GDPR by clicking here.
Job Applications
Any information you provide during the job application process will only be used for the purpose of progressing your application, or to fulfil legal or regulatory requirements if necessary.
We will not share any of the information you provide during the recruitment process with any third parties for marketing purposes or store any of your information outside of the European Economic Area. The information you provide will be held securely by us and/or our data processors whether the information is in electronic or physical format.
We will use the contact details you provide to us to contact you to progress your application. We will use the other information you provide to assess your suitability for the role you have applied for.
Links to other websites
This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
Updates
We keep our privacy policy under regular review. Privacy policy last updated 24th of May 2018.
Enquiry
Compare
Your enquiry The dealer areais being updated The new dealer area is currently being updated, however in the meantime you can still access the old site where you will find all of your account info and order history.
Visit dealer area
Our newsletter Sign up to receive our latest news
Please leave this field empty.
Who are you?DealerArchitect / DesignerSales repPressOther
Your enquiry No products have been selected Before adding to your enquiry form, you should customise your products by selecting fabrics and additional options.
Continue shopping
Your enquiry COMPARE Please select at least two products to be able to use the comparison functionality.
Continue shopping
Search and hit enter
We use cookies to gather information about your visit and improve our website's performance.We can only do this with your permission, please read our Privacy and Cookie policy.
That’s fine by me
No thanks