https://summitchairs.co.uk/terms/
Terms and policies
Terms of use of our website
Refine
Terms of use
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
This is the official website of summitchairs.co.uk.
By using this site you are accepting these terms and conditions, if you do not wish to accept the terms and conditions listed we would ask that you do not use this site. summitchairs.co.uk reserve the right at any time and without notice to amend or alter all content on this site as deemed necessary by summitchairs.co.uk.
Purpose
This free to access website(s) provides free information regarding summitchairs.co.uk and it’s products, services, news and it’s work for our clients. It also provides contact information and contact methods for summitchairs.co.uk.
Copyright and trademarks
All copyright to all graphics, images, logos, data, databases and html code contained in this website belongs to summitchairs.co.uk and or it’s clients. Reproduction, adaptation or modification of all or any part of these websites are strictly prohibited without the prior written permission of summitchairs.co.uk or in accordance with the Copyright Designs and Patents Act 1988.
Submissions
Where you are invited to submit any contribution to this site such as forums, comment posts, questionnaires or competitions you are by submission to grant summitchairs.co.uk a perpetual, royalty free, non-exclusive, license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish and create derivative works from for any purpose that summitchairs.co.uk wishes, eg Marketing and promotional purposes, if you do not wish to grant such rights to summitchairs.co.uk, it is suggested that you do not submit your contribution to this site: By submitting your contribution to this site you also indemnify summitchairs.co.uk against all legal fee’s, damages, and other expenses that may be incurred by summitchairs.co.uk as a result of any material submitted by you.
Unauthorised use of this website
Entry to the html code, cgi scripts, images or any other part of this website is strictly prohibited.
Do not transmit or post any material to this website that is libellous, obscene, threatening, abusive or hateful.
No unsolicited email (SPAM) may be directed to or through this site.
You are prohibited from attempting to interfere with the site service, including, overloading, flooding, mailing , bombing, crashing, or hacking all or part of the site content or deleting or changing any site content.
Warranty disclaimer
This site is offered AS IS and without warranties of any kind.
All information and images contained on this website are believed to be truthful and accurate but nothing on this website shall be considered a representation by summitchairs.co.uk and no reliance should be placed upon any information contained on the website unless it has been confirmed in writing by summitchairs.co.uk to be correct.
summitchairs.co.uk is not responsible for unavailability, interruptions in availability, viruses or other defects in the site or it’s contents. In no event shall summitchairs.co.uk be responsible for any damages to users or their computer systems or otherwise.
Liability
summitchairs.co.uk accept no liability for any errors or omissions on this website and it’s liability howsoever arising in relation to the website shall exclude liability for indirect and consequential loss including loss of profits, loss of opportunity, loss of systems, loss of reputation, business interruption, loss of programmes or other data.
Enquiry
Compare
Your enquiry The dealer areais being updated The new dealer area is currently being updated, however in the meantime you can still access the old site where you will find all of your account info and order history.
Visit dealer area
Our newsletter Sign up to receive our latest news
Please leave this field empty.
Who are you?DealerArchitect / DesignerSales repPressOther
Your enquiry No products have been selected Before adding to your enquiry form, you should customise your products by selecting fabrics and additional options.
Continue shopping
Your enquiry COMPARE Please select at least two products to be able to use the comparison functionality.
Continue shopping
Search and hit enter
We use cookies to gather information about your visit and improve our website's performance.We can only do this with your permission, please read our Privacy and Cookie policy.
That’s fine by me
No thanks