https://summitchairs.co.uk/terms/cookie-policy/
Terms and policies
Cookie Policy
Refine
Terms of use
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites more enjoyable and personal. They can also be used to provide information to the owners of the website about your experience. The type of information that is being collected is very important because it determines whether as a company we require user consent. Cookies that are essential to the website working, which provide security or functionality but don’t store personally identifiable information do not require consent. Whereas Cookies that could be used to personally identify you do require user consent.
Please see the cookies below that are being used on the Summit Chairs website which DO NOT REQUIRE user consent.
Cookie Control
The first time you visit our website you will be asked whether you are happy for us to use Cookies. This particular Cookie will then store this information so we don’t have to ask you every time you come and see us. This Cookie does not store personally identifiable information.
Universal Analytics (Basic)
We use Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. In its most basic version Google Analytics can be used to collect information in an anonymous form and therefore can be used without user consent. Read Google’s overview of privacy and safeguarding data.
Please see the cookies below that are on the Summit Chairs website which DO REQUIRE user consent before they can be used.
Universal Analytics (Google)
With your consent we use Google Analytics to measure how users interact with our website. As you navigate between pages, we record information about the page that you have seen, for example the URL of the page you are on and anything you may have clicked on. Primarily we use this information to make sure the experience you have on our site is a good one. And from time to time we might use the information we collect to place advertising that we think is appropriate you to. We will only ever advertise our own services and never pass any information on to anyone else.
You can manage cookies on the summitchairs.co.uk site from the popup that appears onscreen the first time you visit us, and if you change your mind you can do so at any time by clicking here.
You can also set a more general rule for the way your browser deals with cookies by accessing browser preferences. Here you will also be able to view and manage historical cookies your browser may be using. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Enquiry
Compare
Your enquiry The dealer areais being updated The new dealer area is currently being updated, however in the meantime you can still access the old site where you will find all of your account info and order history.
Visit dealer area
Our newsletter Sign up to receive our latest news
Please leave this field empty.
Who are you?DealerArchitect / DesignerSales repPressOther
Your enquiry No products have been selected Before adding to your enquiry form, you should customise your products by selecting fabrics and additional options.
Continue shopping
Your enquiry COMPARE Please select at least two products to be able to use the comparison functionality.
Continue shopping
Search and hit enter
We use cookies to gather information about your visit and improve our website's performance.We can only do this with your permission, please read our Privacy and Cookie policy.
That’s fine by me
No thanks