https://superstockinvestor.com/page/ssi/aboutus/privacy.html
Open for Business Celebration!
Save 40% on a 1 year subscription!
Subscribe now! Click here!
Member Login
- Chief Editor -Mr. Macro
- Chief Strategist -Mr. Micro
- Senior Stock Analyst -Mr. Retirement
Home
About Us
Subscribe
Member Login
Update Account
Contact Us
Whitelist Us
Superstock Investor
Issues
October 29, 2020
Updates
#089: 06/13/2017
Options Activity
#746: 11/27/2016
Flash Alerts
#446: 02/28/2020
The Madison Letter
Market Crash Indicators
#220: 06/19/2019
Stock Scorecard
Morning Briefing
FRIDAY, 12/11/2020
Portfolio
Open Positions
Closed Positions
Special Reports
#076: 09/07/2019
Superstock InvestorArchives
Superstock InvestorEducation Site
Cancel
Privacy Policy
Superstock Investor (hereafter referred to as "Superstock Investor" or
"we") take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about
our privacy policy.
What this Privacy Policy covers:
This Privacy Policy covers Superstock Investor's treatment of personally
identifiable information that Superstock Investor collects when you are on its
websites, and when you use its services.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Superstock Investor
does not own or control, or to people that Superstock Investor does not employ or
manage.
Information collection and use:
Superstock Investor collects personally identifiable information when you register
for a Superstock Investor-published newsletter, subscribe or make a purchase online or
register to use any of our website's tools.
Each time a visitor comes to a Superstock Investor website, our servers -- like most
on the Web -collect some basic technical information, including, for example,
the visitor's domain name (e.g., whether the user is logged on from aol.com),
referral data (e.g., we record the address of the last URL a user visited prior
to clicking through to the Superstock Investor website) and browser and platform type
(e.g., a Netscape browser on a Macintosh platform).
We also count, track, and aggregate the visitor's activity into our analysis
of general traffic flows at our sites (e.g. tracking where traffic comes from,
how traffic flows within the sites, etc.).
Superstock Investor uses information for four general purposes: To verify you are a
subscriber, to customize the content you see on our pages, to fulfill your
requests for certain products and services, and to contact you about specials
and new products.
Information sharing and disclosure:
Superstock Investor may, at some time, sell or rent your personally identifiable
information to vendors whom we have specifically chosen.
Superstock Investor will send personally identifiable information about you to other
companies or people when:
We have your consent to share the information;
We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have
requested;
We need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of 21st
Century to provide a product or service to you. (Unless we tell you differently,
these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable
information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us.);
We respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process; or
We find that your actions on our websites violate the Superstock Investor Terms of
Service or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services.
Cookie technology:
Superstock Investor may set and access cookies on your computer. A cookie is a small
amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your
computer's hard drive. We use cookies in a limited way to speed access to the site,
to identify unique browsers that visit us, and to track usage throughout our site.
We gather anonymous information about our users through cookie technology on an
aggregate level only.
Account information and preferences:
Superstock Investor gives you the ability to edit your account/subscriber information and
preferences at any time. Login as usual then visit "My profile" to do so.
Security:
Access to your personal information is password-protected for your privacy and
security. We use industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions.
Express Consent to Receive Messages:
By accepting of the terms and conditions of this website and any associated offers,
and providing your telephone number, you consent to receive recorded telephone messages
regarding various special product offers and purchase incentives from Superstock Investor.
If applicable we will send you SMS messages regarding various special product offers
and purchase incentives from Superstock Investor (Subscription service, max 5 messages
per week. Message and data rates may apply. Superstock Investor is not liable for delayed
or undelivered SMS messages. Reply STOP to opt out.)
Recorded Calls: By subscribing, you are providing your express written
consent to be contacted by Superstock Investor
via prerecorded telephone message at the number you provide for purposes
of the Amended Telemarketing Sales Rule (16 CFR §310 et seq.), and the
Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act (15 USC §96),
as amended from time to time. The calls you are agreeing to receive
include special offers for goods and services offered by Superstock Investor. You are
subscribing to receive calls only from Superstock Investor, and only at the specific
number(s) you have provided to us. Your consent will be effective if the
number you have provided is a home, business, or cell phone line, or if
the number is registered on any state or federal Do-Not-Call (DNC) list
as of the date of this consent. This consent shall remain in effect
until you revoke it by unsubscribing from our special offer program.
To unsubscribe: You may revoke your consent to receive calls at any time
by either (a) utilizing the opt-out procedure included in any message
you receive; (b) by visiting
https://superstockinvestor.com/nocalls/ and submit the phone
number to be removed; (c) by calling 1-800-894-3424 or 1-561-395-9495; or (d) by sending a
written request to Superstock Investor, 2424 N Federal
Highway, Suite 401, Boca Raton, Florida 33431.
We may take a reasonable period of time (up to seven days) to process
cancellation requests. If you request the cancellation or modification
of your subscription, such information may be retained for a period of
time in our backup systems as a precaution against system failures. Some
information may be retained for longer periods as required by law,
contract or auditing requirements.
E-Mail Opting-Out
Superstock Investor customers are automatically opted-in to receive
Superstock Investor newsletters and special offers e-mails at the time
of enrollment. You may opt-out from the unsub page at:
https://superstockinvestor.com/remove/
Customers may contact customer care at 1-800-894-3424 or 1-561-395-9495 to be
removed from promotional offers via direct mail, sms or telephone.
Special Offers
Special Offers Include but, are not limited to:
Email/SMS/Direct mail campaigns - from time to time, we may contact you
directly by mail, email, sms, or telephone informing you about upgrades, new
products, promotions or special offers that you may be interested in.
Newsletters - we may send out newsletters with articles and
information which we believe may be of interest to you.
Complimentary Subscriptions - we may enroll you for COMPLIMENTARY
subscriptions, at absolutely no cost to you,
in similar products. You
can of course opt-out at any time by contacting us.
Changes to this Privacy Policy:
Superstock Investor may edit this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial
changes, we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our pages.
©2020 Gold and Energy Options Trader, LLC
All rights reserved.
Risk Disclosure
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Refund Policy