http://supersvcs.com/privacy/
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Information we collect and how we use it.
Personal Information
You may choose to provide personal information (such as your name, address, telephone number and email address) on this web site. Here are some of the ways you may provide the information and the types of information you may submit. We also tell you how we may use the information.
User Capacity/Contact Us
If you have logon ability through our secured portal, or e-mail us on this site, we ask you for information such as your name and email address so we can set you up as a user and we can respond to your questions and comments. You may choose to provide additional information as well.
Non-Personal Information
We do not collect certain aggregate and non-personal information when you visit this web site. Aggregate and non-personal information does not relate to a single identifiable visitor. It can tell a company such things as how many users visited a site and the pages accessed. By collecting this information, a company can learn how to best tailor a web site to its’ visitors. We do not collect information, either through “cookie” technology or with “web beacons,” as explained below.
Cookies
Browser cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer’s hard drive when you visit certain web sites. Browser cookies may enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site. The “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new browser cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new browser cookie, and how to disable existing browser cookies. Again, we do not collect information using ‘cookies.’
Web Beacons
Certain pages on a website can contain “web beacons” (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs). These web beacons allow third parties to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, the type of browser used to view the page, and the information in cookies set by the third party. Again, we do not collect information using ‘web beacons.’
Information We Share
We do not sell or otherwise disclose personal information about our web site visitors, pursuant to the privacy policy contained in the parties’ Master Services Agreement, and/or the parties’ non-disclosure agreement.
Information We Transfer
We do not transfer any information obtained via this website to third parties.
Links to Other Sites
We do not provide links to other websites.
Childrens Privacy
This web site is not directed to children under the age of eighteen and we do not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of eighteen on the site. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a visitor under the age of eighteen on the site, we will delete the information from our records.
How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration or destruction of the personal information on this web site. We use secure socket layer (SSL) technology to help keep the personal information you provide on this site secure.
Updates to Our Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our online information practices. We will post a prominent notice on this web site to notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Statement and indicate at the top of the statement when it was most recently updated.
Ready to start saving?
We are here to help. Contact us today to get started.
Call 800 548-2858 or email info@supersvcs.dev.aws3.net
Contact Us