https://supportexp.com/privacy/
Skip to content
SUPPORT FINANCIAL RESOURCES is committed to the highest standards of privacy protection and to using all reasonable efforts to abide by the following Policy statement:Transfer. SUPPORT does not sell, rent or otherwise provide names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses or other information about our clients’ members to any third party for any reason.Collection. Information about our clients’ members is obtained directly from the CLIENT, and if the individual member chooses, additional information may be obtained from the member in the form of response mail, e-mail, or telephone call.Usage. SUPPORT will collect only the personal information about our clients’ members that is necessary to conduct its business, or information that will help SUPPORT’s clients conduct their business.Solicitation. SUPPORT will not solicit our clients’ members for any reason other than the purposes disclosed to, requested by, and/or approved by our clients. No solicitations to sell any product or service will be made to our client’s members without prior written consent from the client.Security. Appropriate safeguards will be implemented to ensure the security, integrity, and privacy of all information about our client’s members as well as personal or sensitive information about our clients.Choice. If an individual participating in one of SUPPORT’s programs chooses to discontinue participation, they may contact SUPPORT by phone, mail, e-mail or fax. SUPPORT will make reasonable efforts to fulfill that individual’s request in a timely manner. SUPPORT will provide its contact phone number, address, and/or e-mail address in all correspondences with the CLIENTs’ members. If a client has implemented a privacy policy that allows individual members to elect not to have their information shared with business partners, it is the responsibility of the client not to forward those individuals’ information to SUPPORT. If that information is accidentally given to SUPPORT, SUPPORT will take reasonable measures to work with the client to remove that information from SUPPORT’s possession.Sensitive Client Data. Sensitive client data will not be provided to any third party unless necessary to administer the services or products we have been contracted to provide to the client, when required to by the government, or when prior consent has been obtained from the client. Client data in the form of reports may on occasion be shared in an anonymous format (names changed) to selected individuals or organizations for marketing purposes, unless requested otherwise by the client.Changes. SUPPORT may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use our clients’ or our clients’ member’s personal information we will notify you by sending you an updated Privacy Policy.Questions or Comments? Support’s Privacy Policy has been developed out of respect for the privacy preferences of our clients and their members. We would like to assure you that every reasonable effort is made to address your concerns.If you have any comments or questions, you may reach us by any of the following contact methodsPhone: 800-444-5465Fax: 937-434-5743US Mail: Support Financial Resources, Inc. 830 E. Franklin St. Centerville, OH 45459Email: privacy@ServiceExperiences.com
Copy link
CopyCopied
Powered by Social Snap