http://suwanneemedical.com/privacy-policy/
Collecting your Personal Information
Suwannee Medical will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Personal information collected by us is often is limited to e-mail address, country or location, but may include other information when needed to provide a service you requested.
Use of your Personal Information
We use your personal information for Two primary purposes:
1) To make the site easier for you to use by not making you enter your personal information more than once.
2)To help us create and deliver content most relevant to you.
We will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
(a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on our company or the site;
(b) protect and defend the rights or property of our company and employees, and its family of websites, and,
(c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Suwannee, its websites, or the public
Control of your Personal Information
When you register, or otherwise give us personal information, Suwannee Medical will not share that information with third parties without your permission, other than for the limited exceptions already listed. It will only be used for the purposes stated above.
Security of your Personal Information
Suwannee Medical strictly protects the security of your personal information and honors your choices for its intended use. We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.Your personal information is never shared outside the company without your permission, except under conditions explained above. Inside the company, data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access.
Changes to this Statement
Suwannee Medical will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the “last updated” date at the top of the legal information page. For material changes to this Statement, Suwannee Medical will notify you by placing prominent notice on the website.
Thank You.
Corporate Suwannee Medical Personnel/Corporate
817 NW 56th Terrace. Gainesville, Fl 32605
Phone: 352-336-0964
Fax: 352-331-5200
Resources Allied Health Schools -
A comprehensive database of North American allied health schools where users can search through over 80 medical-related concentrations. A free resource for all prospective students.
Your best resource for health care career training and resources. Find health care programs ranging from medical transcription, medical coding and medical assisting to physical therapy and public health.
http://www.AllAlliedHealthSchools.com/
Professional Links AACN- American Association of Critical Care Nurses
AARC- American Association of Respiratory Care
ANA- American Nurses Association
AORN- American Association of Operating Room Nurses
AONE- American Association of Nurse Executives
AST- Association of Surgical Technologists
ASRT- American Society of Radiologic Technologists
APTA- American Physical Therapy Association
AOTA- American Occupational Therapy Assocation
Scroll to top
We use cookies, just to track visits to our website, we store no personal details. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.AcceptDo Not AcceptCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps,
and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Maps.Google reCaptcha Settings:Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Other cookies
The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them:
Click to enable/disable suwannee.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy
Accept settingsHide notification only