https://sweetharvestfoods.com/privacy-policy
ProductsSourcingMarket SegmentsRetailFoodserviceIngredientsResponsibilityFood SafetyHoney Sustainability ProductsSourcingMarket SegmentsRetailFoodserviceIngredientsResponsibilityFood SafetyHoney SustainabilityAboutVideoNewsJob OpeningsContactPRIVACY POLICYSweet Harvest Foods, Inc. (“SHF” “we” or “us”), the operator of this website, is committed to preserving the privacy of those who visit the website (“Site”). This document (the “Privacy Policy”) will outline how we gather and utilize various sources of information obtained during your visit to the Site. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected at this Site. By using or accessing the Site, you signify your assent to our Privacy Policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE SITE.Personal and Non-Personal Information: When you use the Site, we will not collect any personally identifiable information about yourself. We may collect non-personally identifiable information, such as IP host address, pages viewed, browser type, duration and frequency of visits or other data, and may aggregate any information collected in a manner which does not identify any individual (“Aggregate Information”). Information obtained in connection with the Site may be intermingled with and used by us in conjunction with information obtained through sources other than the Site, including both offline and online sources.Information Usage: We do not sell or transfer any of your information to third parties or mass marketers. Unless you consent to the disclosure of your information, only we and our affiliates, our technical consultants, third party auditors and other third parties who make our Site available, enhance its functionality or provide associated services and/or who deal with you in delivering content, samples, products, gifts and prizes, have access to this information, and we require them to agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.Please note that SHF reserves the right to and may disclose Aggregate Information about you (a) in response to requests from local, state or federal law enforcement officials; (b) in response to any judicial, administrative or similar proceeding or order, such as a subpoena; (c) as required by law; (d) to investigate suspected fraud, harassment, physical threats or other violations of any law, rule or regulation, the Site Terms of Use or policies or the rights of third parties; or (e) to investigate any suspected conduct which we deem improper. Please also note that we reserve the right to transfer your Aggregate Information and other information to our successors in business and purchasers of site assets.Protection for Children: This Site is not intended for users under the age of eighteen (18), and we have no intention of collecting personally identifiable information from children (i.e., individuals under the age of thirteen (13)). Where appropriate, we take reasonable measures to inform children not to submit such information to our site or in response to advertisements. If a child has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will use all reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.Cookies: Our Site may pass a “cookie” (a string of information that is sent by a website to be resident on your system’s hard drive and/or temporarily in your computer’s memory blocks). The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a particular page. You may set your browser to decline cookies. If you do so, however, you may not be able to fully experience some features of the Site.Clickstream: As you use the Internet, a trail of electronic information is left at each website you visit. This information, which is sometimes referred to as “clickstream data,” can be collected and stored by a website’s server. Clickstream data can tell us the type of computer and browsing software you use and the address of the website from which you linked to the Site. We may collect and use clickstream data as a form of Aggregate Information to anonymously determine how much time visitors spend on each page of our Site, how visitors navigate throughout the Site and how we may tailor our web pages to better meet the needs of visitors. This information will be used to improve our Site and our services. Any collection or use of clickstream data will be anonymous and aggregate, and will not intentionally contain any personally identifiable information.Security: SHF will not be liable for disclosures of your Information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties. We have undertaken all commercially reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized Internet access to visitor data retained in our servers, however, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, SHF cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or any information provided online, and you do so at your own risk. Users must accept all risks associated with any data transmission, including the risk that their personal information may be intercepted in transit.Privacy Policy Modifications: We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions from this Privacy Policy at any time. However, if at any time in the future we plan to use your information in a way that differs from this Privacy Policy, we will post such changes here. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy means you accept such changes.Site Terms and Conditions: Use of this Site is governed by, and subject to, the legal notices contained at Terms of Use. Your use of, or access to, the Site constitutes your agreement to be bound by these provisions. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE SITE.Questions: If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, you may contact us at the following: info@SweetHarvestFoods.com