https://syndicatedcapital.com/privacy-policy/
(310) 255-4490
serviceteam@syndicatedcapital.com
Brokers
Clients
BrokerCheck
Search for:
Home
About Us
Wealth Management Services
NetXInvestor
BrokerCheck
Capital Markets
Corporate Culture
Brokers
Let's talk
General information
One of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Syndicated Capital and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us by fillable form, phone, or e-mail.
Log files
Syndicated Capital follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include:
internet protocol (IP) addresses
browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP)
date and time stamp, referring/exit pages
possibly the number of clicks
Privacy policies
Syndicated Capital does not sell your personal information.
Syndicated Capital may use third party service providers for its internal purposes. Any third party service providers that Syndicated Capital may use will be bound by obligations of confidentiality not to disclose the information provided by Syndicated Capital about its customers and may not use this information for any purpose other than performing the particular service.
The firm gathers information as required by FINRA and SEC Rules such as contact information, financial status and objectives, investment experience, and employment information. All of this information is shared with the clearing firms only, if applicable. The firm applies the same policies and procedures for former customers as it does for existing customers.
We use the e-mail address you provide to us to send account information and other important administrative information to you. If any information changes with the account, please notify the compliance department in writing.
Online privacy
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Syndicated Capital. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Update
This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 28, 2019. If there will be any update, amendment, or changes to our Privacy Policy then these will be posted on this pages.
Ready to get started?
Give us a call or leave a message, you'll typically hear back from us within the next business day.
(310) 255-4490
serviceteam@syndicatedcapital.com
×