https://synectic.net/privacy-policy/
Skip to content Privacy PolicySECURITY AND ONLINE PRIVACY:This statement discloses the privacy practice for the web site of Synectic Product Development. We want you to have as much control as possible over your privacy, the personal information you share with us, and the way we use it in the course of our business. In general, you can visit Synectic on the web without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself.  Information we gather and trackThere are times when we may need information from you, particularly when you contact us requesting additional information. Synectic will ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. When you submit information to us, we endeavor to protect such information against unauthorized disclosures by using secure technologies. Your information is strictly for Synetic use only; we do not share it with other companies or third parties, unless compelled by law or court order to do so.  What we do with the information we gather and trackThe information gathered from the forms you fill out is used in one of two ways:to provide you with information about our products, services, news and eventsto gather broad demographic information about user trends.We will not sell your personally identifiable information to an unrelated third party.Synectic.net uses various methods to collect certain other kinds of information, including “cookies”, “referrers”, IP addresses, and environment variables. Here is how we use these methods:A “cookie” is an element of data that a web server like Synectic.net can send to your browser. Your browser may then store it on your system. It can be used to provide you with tailored information. Some Synectic pages use cookies. Cookies are used to better personalize the content you and other users will see. We may use the information to research and understand how our users’ habits are similar or different so we can enhance your experience on Synectic's site and with our services. We do not match cookie data to any personal identification. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. You may also disable your cookies by changing the preferences in your browser.A “referrer” is the information passed along by a web browser that references the web URL you linked from, and our web server automatically gathers it. This information is used by Synectic to identify broad demographic trends that may be used to provide information tailored to your interests.IP addresses are automatically gathered by our web servers. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your ISP or your computer so that data (such as the web pages you request) can be sent to you. You can not be personally identified from this information.Environment variables we gather include time, type of web browser being used and the operating system/platform. Synectic only uses this information to identify broad demographic trends and provide information tailored to your interests.Additionally, the Synectic site may contain links to other web sites; however, Synectic is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.  Contacting us about privacyIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you may contact Director of Communications, Synectic Product Development, 11 Lunar Drive, Woodbridge, CT 06525.11 Lunar Drive Woodbridge, CT 06525203-877-8488info@synectic.netVisit our other divisions | LinkedInFacebookTwitterYouTubePrivacy PolicyCareersISO 13485:2016 CertificationNDA FormBoston Product Design   Philadelphia Product Design   New York City Product Design   New Jersey Product Design