https://synectic.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Navigation
Home
Header MenuHome
About
Projects
Resources
News
Contact
Products
Login/Register
Return to Content
You are here: Home › Privacy Policy
At Synectic Design Limited, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We will use the information we collect about you to provide a more personalised offering.
Mailing List
We collect data for a specific purpose for which we have a legitimate interest. We register customers on our mailing list. We will save your name and email address and send you updates periodically. We will not pass on information about you to any other person or organization.
We use your data in ways you would reasonably expect mainly providing you with relevant information regarding our products and services. Your data is processed in a way that is lawful, fair and transparent.
Opting Out
Synectic Design provides mailing list members the opportunity to opt out from the mailing list at any point. All you need to do is reply to one of our Newsletters with the subject “unsubscribe”. Alternatively, send us a message at general@synectic.co.uk asking to be removed from the mailing list.
Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. We protect our supporters’ information.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Synectic is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Contacting Synectic
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or if you wish to remove your registration information from our database, please contact: general@synectic.co.uk.
yyy
Contact us
NameEmail
SubjectMessageCAPTCHA
InformationAbout Synectic Design
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Environmental Policy
Equal Opportunities Policy
Visit Us
Site Map
Customer ServiceContact Us
Returns
My AccountMy account
Payment Info
Latest Tweets from Synectic
RT @Limejump New #Blog: The Week in Flexibility: #StormCiara brings asset trips, turbine halts and a close call with a #frequency drop
limejump.com/the-wee… pic.twitter.com/Qm2Y…
About 2 weeks ago from Synectic Electronics's Twitter
RT @Limejump There has never been more incentive to utilise renewable energy sources, and this latest development continues that trend bbc.in/2PwHWgH
About 3 months ago from Synectic Electronics's Twitter
Replying to
@KearsleyAcademy
and
@robbiewilliams
Jack is the son of one of @SynecticElectro
lovely staff and a regular visitor to our company.
We are nearly as proud of him as his mum is.
Recently made a student councillor too I believe.
Well done Jack.
About 3 months ago from Synectic Electronics's Twitter
RT @SynecticElectro @KearsleyAcademy @robbiewilliams Jack is the sone of one of #Synecticelectro
lovely staff and a regular visitor to our company.
We are nearly as proud of him as his mum is.
Recently made a student councillor too I believe.
Well done Jack.
About 3 months ago from Synectic Electronics's Twitter
I just signed up for Embracing Digital Transformation to Boost Growth Opportunities businessgrowthhub.co… via @BizGrowthHub
About 4 months ago from Synectic Electronics's Twitter
Follow @SynecticElectro