https://synergem.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy YOUR PRIVACY Synergem is committed to respecting the privacy rights of all visitors to our web site. We take this matter very seriously, and have instituted many policies and procedures to insure that none of your privacy rights as stated herein are ever violated. The following outlines Synergem ’s privacy policy and details the measures we have taken to safeguard and protect your privacy, while providing you with a unique and rewarding online experience. By visiting synergem.com, you are agreeing to the policies detailed below.In order to serve you better, Synergem collects and stores your personal information when you contact us via our contact form. Your information is used for internal purposes and to comply with any legal requirements. We will not sell or otherwise share any of your personal information with any third party without your permission.Synergem has implemented a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and will only be accessible by a limited number of employees who have special access rights.Your e-mail address is used by Synergem to correspond with you about any inquiries that you may place or to notify you about important functionality changes to the Web site, including synergem.com updates we think you’ll find valuable. If you would rather not receive this information, or would like to opt-out of receiving e-mails of this kind, Synergem guarantees the permanent removal of your email address from the email list.Note: In each email you receive, there will be a link to unsubscribe or change your areas of interest. YOUR CONSENT You acknowledge that this privacy policy is part of the terms of service and you agree that using this site signifies your assent to Synergem’s privacy policy. The organization reserves the right to change the terms of service, including this privacy policy, at any time, without advanced notice. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.