https://synergyorg.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how Personally Identifiable information (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in U.S. privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context.
Please read our Privacy Policy to get a clear understanding of how we might collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your PII.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website or blog?
When filling out a contact form on our site, you may be asked to enter your name, title, organization name, work email address and work phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form or enter information on our site.  Generally, this information is limited to name, title, organization, work email address and perhaps work phone number.
How do we use your information?
We use the information we collect from you to either:
• Respond to a your query which you have initiated, or,
• Provide you with certain valuable industry which you are requesting by submitting a form.
How do we protect visitor information?
This site uses industry standard encryption technology via a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) certificate. This helps ensure any PII is encrypted upon transmission.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes, we use cookies to track your on-site behavior through Google Analytics. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies.  You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings.  Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you disable cookies, some features will be disabled that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to any third-party any of our site visitors’ personally identifiable information. However, we may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, or, to protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
Use of Google Analytics
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We have implemented the following Demographics And User Behavior Reporting. We, along with third-party vendors such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers, together in the aggregate, to track user behavior on our site to get a better idea of what interests you about our company.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe.  Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in compliance with Fair Information Practices, we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur, we will take the following steps. We will notify the users via in site notification within seven business days. We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law.  This principle provides not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations. To be in accordance with CAN SPAM, we agree to the following: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving occasional email messages, or simply have your information (name, title, organization name, email address, phone number) removed from our database, you may email us at address shown on the Contact page.. We will then promptly remove delete the information.
Questions
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, please feel free to contact us.
Contact Us
Send Us A Message