https://synthservice.com/privacy-policy/
020 8819 6310
Privacy Policy
Introduction
1.1    We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and service users.
1.2    This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
1.3    By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
1.4    In this policy, “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Synthesiser Service Centre Ltd. For more information about us, see Section 10.
Credit
2.1    This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (https://seqlegal.com).
How we use your personal data
3.1    In this Section 3 we have set out:
(a)    the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b)    in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data;
(c)    the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(d)    the legal bases of the processing.
3.2    We may process data about your use of our website and services (“usage data“). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
3.3    We may process your account data (“account data“). The account data may include your name, address, telephone, business and email address. The source of the account data is you or your employer. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
3.4    We may process information that you post for publication on our website or through our services (“publication data“). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
3.5    We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services (“enquiry data“). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you.
3.6    We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services that you enter into with us and/or through our website (“transaction data“). The transaction data may include your contact details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely our interest in the proper administration of our website and business.
3.7    We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us (“correspondence data“). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
3.8    We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
3.9    We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
3.10  In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 3, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Providing your personal data to others
4.1    We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
4.2    We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
4.3    Financial transactions relating to our website and services are handled by our payment services providers, WorldPay. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers’ privacy policies and practices at https://www.worldpay.com/uk/worldpay-privacy-notice
4.5    In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 4, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
Retaining and deleting personal data
5.1    Personal data that we process for any purpose shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose.
5.2    We will retain your personal data as follows:
(a)    Name, address, telephone number, business and email address will be retained for a minimum period of 1 years following use of our services and for a maximum period of 6 years.
5.4    Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 5, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Amendments
6.1    We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
6.2    You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
International transfers of your personal data
7.2    We only have offices and facilities in the UK. The European Commission has made an “adequacy decision” with respect to the data protection laws of this country.
7.3    The hosting facilities for our website are situated in the UK. Our IT providers are also situated in the UK and are fully GDPR compliant.
Your rights
8.1    You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you; provision of such information will be subject to the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity for this purpose.
8.2    Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a)    the right to access;
(b)    the right to rectification;
(c)    the right to erasure;
(d)    the right to restrict processing;
(e)    the right to object to processing;
(f)    the right to data portability;
(g)    the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h)    the right to withdraw consent.
About cookies
9.1    A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
9.2    Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
9.3    You can block cookies but blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
Our details
10.1  This website is owned and operated by Synthesiser Service Centre Ltd. We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 03068946.
10.2  Our principal place of business is at Unit 1, Gorst Road, London NW10 6LE
You can contact us:
(a)    by post, to the postal address given above;
(b)    using our website contact form;
(c)    by telephone, on the contact number published on our website from time to time; or
(d)    by email, using the email address published on our website from time to time.
Download ScatScat Video DownloadNew Porn Video Download In HDDownload Porno Video BDSM
CookiesWe use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Read our Cookies PolicyI agree