https://systel.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
When you visit Systel.com we collect no personal information about you unless you choose to provide that information to us. However, there is some generic information automatically collected and stored. Systel.com automatically collects and temporarily stores the following information about your visit to Systel.com
The IP address of the computer you are using
The name of the domain you use to access the Internet
The address of the website you came from when you came to visit
The date and time of your visit
The pages of our website that you visited
If the web page you tried to view was successful (or failed)
Why we collect this information
Primarily, Systel.com collects this information for security purposes and to help us identify problems with broken links, programs, and the database. We also use this information for statistical purposes to help us make Systel.com more useful to visitors, periodically analyzing the data to get a better understanding of our user community (such as which pages are visited most often and how many users visit our site in any amount of time). Unless it is specifically stated otherwise, no additional information will be collected about you. We do not attempt to track or identify site visitors.
Email
If you send us an e-mail, you identify yourself to us. This is your choice. Because of complex legal issues regarding the privacy of email, we ask that you contact Systel, Inc. by postal mail or telephone if you have a question or comment that requires some degree of confidentiality.
Disclosure
Systel, Inc. does not disclose, give, share, sell or transfer any personal information about our visitors, email, or email addresses with any third parties without your knowledge or consent unless required for law enforcement or statute. As the owners of Systel.com, Systel, Inc. will cooperate with law enforcement agencies and legal requests as required by law.
Featured Projects
Services
Electrical Services
Network Cabling
Fiber Optics
Lighting
Surveillance
Access Control
Wireless / WiFi
Managed Services
About Us
Our Team
Quality Commitment
Latest News
Satisfied Clients
Partners
Certifications
Careers
Contact Us
Support
Service Request
Your Feedback