https://tahoefence.com/privacy-policy/
1-800-332-2822
(775) 882-1063
CA Lic.# 305682
NV Lic.# 53722A
Menu
Home
Wire
Wood
Iron
PVC & Vinyl
Gates
Special Fencing
About Us
Latest News
Reference Letters
Testimonial Disclaimer
Before & After Pictures
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Covid-19 Update: Prioritizing The Health and Safety Of Our Customers and Employees
Now Hiring Fence Installers and Helpers
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY NOTICE
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for tahoefence.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
1) What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
2) What choices are available regarding the use of your data.
3) The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
4) How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE, AND SHARING
Tahoe Fence Co., Inc. Is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We only have access to collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
In order to submit information to us through this website, a user must first complete the contact form on the “Contact Us” page. Here a user is required to give certain information (such as name, phone number, and email address.) This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may provide other demographic information about yourself, but it is not required.
Tahoe Fence will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Tahoe Fence is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information. Furthermore, site hosting businesses, as well as other sites, may use cookies. However, Tahoe Fence has no access to or control over these cookies.
YOUR ACCESS TO AND CONTROL OVER INFORMATION
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting Tahoe Fence via the contact page or phone number given on our website:
1) See what data we have about you, if any.
2) Change/correct any data we have about you.
3) Have us delete any data we have about you.
4) Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
SECURITY
Tahoe Fence takes precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the Web page.
Tahoe Fence also protects your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. While we hold onto sensitive information only as long as necessary before destroying it, it is kept in a secure environment.
IF YOU FEEL THAT TAHOE FENCE IS NOT ABIDING BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE CONTACT US IMMEDIATELY VIA TELEPHONE AT 775-882-1063.
About
Tahoe Fence Co., Inc. was founded in 1974. The Company continues to be locally owned and operated, with deep roots to the area. With the owners of Tahoe Fence having over 100 years of combined fence experience, from the mountains to the valleys, we continue a tradition of excellence.
Reviews
Contact
36 Brown Drive
Carson City, Nevada 89706
Toll Free: 1-800-332-2822
Local:        (775) 882-1063
Send Us an Email
© 2017, Tahoe Fence Co., Inc.