https://tallgroup.co.uk/privacy-policy/
COVID-19 Statement
Home
News
Latest news
TALL Whitepapers
The TALL Blog Page
About us
TALL Security Print Ltd History
Commercial Print
Checkprint Ltd History
DLRT Ltd History
Awards and Accreditations
Environmental policy
TALL Group Case Studies
Vacancies
Products and Services
Secure print
Ballot Papers
Certificates
Secure cheque printing
Credits
Internal Banking Documents
Savings Account Passbooks
Statements
UV verification products
Gift Vouchers
Commercial Print Solutions
Our approach
Recent client case studies
Payment Solutions
Bacs
Cheque imaging
Cheque printing software solutions
Integrated Payments Solution
Business process outsourcing
Auto replenishment
Print bureau
Payments bureau
Special cheque and credit service
Send-A-Cheque™
Chain of Provenance
Passbook Printers
Guardian Kiosk Range
Image Survivable Features (ISF’s)
Market sectors
Financial services sector
Government and local authorities
Education
Professional services
Charities
Retail
Corporate
SME
Print management companies
International markets
Elections
Education
Contact Us
Search:
Search: Go
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
The TALL Group of Companies Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how The TALL Group of Companies uses and protects any information that you give The TALL Group of Companies when you use this website, or any other TALL Group Company – for a list of these click here.
The TALL Group of Companies is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement, and explain here how you can limit the use of that personal data. The data controller in respect of this information is Checkprint Limited.
The TALL Group of Companies comply with data protection legislation such as the Data Protection Act 1998 and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This regulates the processing of personal data relating to you and grants you various rights in respect of your personal data.
The TALL Group of Companies may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
This policy is effective from 01/03/2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following information that relates to, and can identify you, and information that does not identify you:
• name and job title
• contact information including email address
• demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
• other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
• visitor behaviour patterns when visiting the website
How we gather information
Information is gathered in two ways:
• indirectly (e.g. using website technology); and
• directly (e.g. when you purchase one of our products or services; register to access parts of our websites; download a brochure; complete the ‘Contact Us’ form for more information and/or a registration form for one of our events)
What we do with the information we gather
We use this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
• internal record keeping
• use the information to improve our products and services
• periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided unless you have notified us to the contrary
• remember you when you visit our website and track your browsing patterns by using cookies. You can prevent this; check our Cookie Policy for more information
• ensure any products or services you receive are correctly administered (including contracted services)
• contact you by email, mail or telephone to let you know about any of our products, services or promotions if you give us permission
• ensure materials on the website are presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer
• collate and log numeric internet addresses to improve the website and to monitor website usage
If you have not purchased our products or services, engaged with us at any of our events or shown any activity on our website for more than five years, we will remove your information from our database to ensure we are only keeping data we need.
If at any point, you would like to withdraw consent of receiving such marketing communications from us, or would like to change the channels that we use to contact you, please click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any emails you receive. You can also manage your preferences on your account. Alternatively, email us, stating your preferences at dp@tallgroup.co.uk
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We invest in high-quality security and do our utmost to protect user privacy.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling, accessing and updating your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
• whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
• if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at dp@tallgroup.co.uk
You have the right to access the personal information held about you. To find out more about your rights as a data subject, click here for a guide provided by the Information Commissioner’s Office. To obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you, please send a request to dp@tallgroup.co.uk or please write to:
Checkprint Limited, 1 Alan Bray Close, Hinckley, Leicestershire, LE10 3BP.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above addresses. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
You also have the right to remove any personal information we hold about you, (but not the organisation that employs you), unless as a sole trader this identifies you as the business entity with which we trade.
Disclosing your information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission, or are required by law to do so.
If you give us consent to receive Third Party communications, we may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting but only if you tell us that you wish this to happen. You can withdraw this consent any time on your account by emailing dp@tallgroup.co.uk. We assure you that you will only receive communications from those that are relevant to your interest and/or event that you’ve attended.
Where we store your personal information
Unless we notify you, the personal information that we collect from you will not be sent and stored outside the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland or the European Economic Area (“EEA”) in order to carry out the activities listed in “What we do with the information we gather”.
Changes to this Policy
If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post the changes on this page. Please check the website regularly for any changes to this Policy. Where the changes are significant, we may also choose to email all our registered users with the new details. Where required by law, we will obtain your consent to make these changes.
If you believe that we have not adhered to this Policy, please notify us by email at dp@tallgroup.co.uk and we will try to solve the problem promptly.