http://tamper-pruf-screws.com/new/terms-conditions.php
(562) 531-9340
tamperpruf90723@sbcglobal.net
Search
Home
About Us
Products
Blog
Contact Us
View Cart
View Cart
About Us
Terms & Conditions
At Tamper Pruf Screws we take
your privacy seriously. We will only use the Information you provide to send you a price
quote, fill your order, or process
the charges. We will never sell
or give any information you provide to others.
Infrequently, your email address
may be used to send information, reminders, special offers, and other promotional material
from us.
OUR MOST FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS:
If I'm not ready to place an order, how can I receive a
quote?
What is your guarantee?
Is my information secure?
Do you sell or give my personal information to others?
What is your service area?
What is your turn-around time on my order?
Do you offer accounts?
TECHNICAL STUFF:
Does www.TamperPrufScrews.com use "cookies"?
What do I do if I have trouble with this site?
IF I'M NOT READY TO ORDER, HOW CAN I
STILL RECEIVE A QUOTE?
On this site, we provide a way to order our products or just
receive a quote. As you go through our catalog, you will have the opportunity
to "order" items by placing a number in the "Quantity" box
that is provided. Once a product is in your Cart, click on the "Review
Cart/Checkout" jump in the upper right hand corner of your screen. You'll
be taken to the Review page which will allow you to either place an Order or
request a Quote.
We will email you with a quote within one business day.
WHAT IS YOUR GUARANTEE?
We provide the highest quality fasteners and fully guarantee
your complete satisfaction. We have striven to earn the friendship, loyalty,
and respect of our customers and have been the ultimate source for security
fastener needs for the past 25 years.
IS MY INFORMATION SECURE?
Yes, our site uses a secure order form - look for a
"closed padlock" at the bottom of your browser window, signifying
that the connection between your computer and our web site is secure.
This site has security measures in place to protect the
loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Data
collected on the website is stored on a secured server that is backed up each
day.
DO YOU SELL OR GIVE MY PERSONAL
INFORMATION TO OTHERS?
At Tamper Pruf Screws we take your privacy seriously. We
will only use the information you provide to answer a request for a quote, fill
your order, or process the charges. We will never sell or give any information
you provide to others.
From time to time, your email address may be used to send
information, reminders, special offers, and other promotional material from us.
WHAT IS YOUR SERVICE AREA?
Our fasteners can be shipped anywhere in the world.
WHAT IS YOUR TURN-AROUND TIME ON MY ORDER?
We are proud to offer same-day shipment ANYWHERE, except for
Saturdays, Sundays, and holidays.
DO YOU OFFER ACCOUNTS?
We are happy to set up accounts. For information, please
call (562)531-9340,
or fill out our on-line Credit Application.
DOES www.TamperPrufScrews.com USE
"COOKIES"?
Our site use cookies, which are files that your Web Browser
places on your computer's hard drive, to track your clicks as you go through
this website. All cookies generated by our site "expire" two hours
after they are stored. Cookies are NOT MANDATORY - you may turn cookies OFF on
your browser and our site will still work, although it might be a little
slower.
WHAT DO I DO IF I HAVE TROUBLE WITH
THIS SITE?
If, for some reason, you are having trouble with our site,
please email our webmaster. Please include the names and version numbers of the
Operating System and Browsers that you use to access the Internet. Let us know
the kind of trouble you are having, what you were doing when you ran into to
trouble, and the exact error message you received, if any.
Tamper-Pruf Screws, Inc., having been incorporated in California on 26 July 1974, has been a family owned business all these years; and we have never forgotten that we do not just sell fasteners- we sell service...
Address:
8808 Somerset Blvd. Paramount CA 90723
Call Us:
(562) 531-9340
Email:
tamperpruf@earthlink.com
Information
Home
About Us
Products
Blog
Contact Us
Other Links
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Follow Us
Copyright © 2020 | All Right Reserved.