http://tamper-pruf-screws.com/new/privacy-policy.php
(562) 531-9340
tamperpruf90723@sbcglobal.net
Search
Home
About Us
Products
Blog
Contact Us
View Cart
View Cart
About Us
Privacy Policy
At Tamper-pruf-screws, we protect your personal
information. Tamper-pruf-screws owns information collected on this
site and will never sell or rent this information. We will not share it
in ways different from what is described in this statement unless you
authorize us to do so.
Cookies and IP Addresses
Tamper-pruf-screws is firmly committed to our customers' privacy.
Like many sites, we use your IP address to help diagnose problems with
our server and provide a better web experience. Your IP address is used
to help identify you and your shopping cart and gather general
demographic information. We use cookies to keep track of your shopping
cart and for other purposes like personalizing the site. We may also use
our own cookies to provide enhanced online display advertising tailored
to your interests. Cookies are a small pieces of information stored by
your internet browser to your computer's hard drive. Your browser is
usually set up to initially accept cookies. If you set your browser to
reject cookies, the site will not be able to recognize your cart, your
account, or any personalization. We do not and cannot use cookies to
gather your confidential information that may be stored on your hard
drive. Tamper-pruf-screwsalso uses web beacons as a means to deliver
us cookies in order to determine whether and how many times our web
pages have been browsed. Third Party advertisers also help us display
tailored content to our customers and serve ads on our behalf. These
advertisers may also utilize cookies and/or web beacons to measure
effectiveness, efficiencies, etc. of the sites.
Your Personal Information
Our site uses forms for you to request information, products and
services. We collect your contact information, including, but not
limited to, addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, and financial
information. Collected information is used for the benefit of
tamper-pruf-screws to send information to customers about orders, to
fulfill orders, to process and collect payments, to send promotional
marketing material about our company and partners, and to contact
customers about orders when necessary. Demographic and profile data is
also collected at our sites. We use this data to tailor your experiences
at our sites, to show you content that we think you might be interested
in, and to display the content according to your preferences.
Accessing and Updating Your Email Preferences
If you are a registered user, you may change your preferences to
receive or not to receive email or other communications from us by
logging in to your account and indicating those preferences on the "My
account" section of our Site.
Third-Party Service Providers
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our
behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages,
sending postal mail and e-mail, providing marketing assistance such as
tailoring content on our sites and serving ads on our behalf, providing
search results and links, and processing credit card payments. They have
access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but
may not use it for other purposes.
Questions and feedback
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy.
Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other
issue.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Tamper-Pruf Screws, Inc., having been incorporated in California on 26 July 1974, has been a family owned business all these years; and we have never forgotten that we do not just sell fasteners- we sell service...
Address:
8808 Somerset Blvd. Paramount CA 90723
Call Us:
(562) 531-9340
Email:
tamperpruf@earthlink.com
Information
Home
About Us
Products
Blog
Contact Us
Other Links
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Follow Us
Copyright © 2020 | All Right Reserved.