https://tantec.com/privacy-cookies-policy/
Privacy Policy
Introduction
If you contact Tantec A/S directly, we obtain personal data such as your name, phone number, email address or company name.
Cookies and Privacy
Introduction
When you browse our website, information is collected for statistical purposes and to adapt and improve our contents. This is done by cookies.
Cookies
We use cookies on our website. Cookies are text files which can be stored on your computer, mobile phone etc. that allow us to remember your device, ensure that settings remain unchanged, statistics are kept and deliver personalised advertising. Cookies can include malicious codes such as viruses and forward personal information such as your name, phone number, email address or address.
When you browse our website, we may use cookies to track your use of our website. These may register information about your device, IP-number, location and visited sites, for instance.
You may block or delete cookies.
Our website contains third party cookies (Google).
Personal data
Introduction
Personal data is any information that relates to an individual. If you contact Tantec A/S directly, request a quotation, visit us at a fair etc., such data is collected and processed.
If you are in touch with Tantec, the following data is registered with us: Name, phone number, email address, address and company name.
Tantec A/S handles all personal data confidentially and information is stored within a secure and closed system. The personal data which you provide to us is not disclosed to any uninvolved third party.
Newsletter
If you contact Tantec A/S directly, request a quotation, visit us at a fair etc. you are automatically subscribed to our newsletter.
You can unsubscribe from a newsletter at any time. You will find an “unsubscribe”-link at the bottom of our newsletter.
Tantec A/S does not disclose information about the recipients of our newsletters to third parties for sales, marketing or spam purposes or other kinds of direct communication.
Disclosure of your personal data
Data about your use of our website, adverts you click on, your location, type of device and others, which are collected on our website by cookies, is in some cases forwarded to third parties to the known extent. The third parties we share information with are described in the above section (“Cookies”). Data is transferred automatically because we make use of third party services for our user statistics.
We use several suppliers such as web- and CRM-providers, amongst others, for information processing. The collected data is only processed for Tantec A/S.
Personal data such as names and email addresses can only be transferred with the user’s/customer’s consent. This means that we do not pass your data on to third parties without your consent.
What are your rights?
You can request information about the personal data we hold on you. If you wish to do this, please send us an email to mail@tantec.com.
About Tantec
We have more than 40 years of experience in delivering and manufacturing quality, high-end surface treatment products for any industry.
Tantec continously develops new innovative solutions for a demanding market.
© 2020 All rights reserved
Knowledgebase
The basics of plasma treatment
Surface Treatment of metals
What is surface treatment?
Basics of corona treatment
Cleaning Plasma and where is it used?
Adhesion and Surface Treatment of Plastic
5 reasons for using plasma or corona
The Process of Plasma Etching and Dry Etching
Plasma in a bag: How do you treat the inside of a closed plastic bag?
Products
Quality Monitoring
Plasma Treaters
Corona Treaters
Industries
Medical
Automotive
Cable & Pipe
Electronics industry
Packaging industry
Plastic Cards
Head office
Tantec A/S
Industrivej 6DK-6640 Lunderskov
Denmark/International:(+45) 7558 5822
VAT: DK67382218
E-mail:sales@tantec.com
Tantec-gmbh.de