https://tanury.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy sets out how Tanury Industries uses and protects any information that you give Tanury Industries when you use this website.
Tanury Industries is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. If we should ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it can only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Tanury Industries may change this policy at any time by modifying this page. You should check this page from periodically to ensure that you are satisfied with any changes.
We may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode
Products of interest
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to recognize your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to progress our products and services
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find thought-provoking using the email address which you have provided
To help customize the website according to your interests
Security
We are dedicated to ensuring that your information is protected. In order to avoid unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we gather online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and recalling information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not.
A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may avert you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. Yet, once you have used these links to vacate our site, you should recognize that we do not have any control over any other website. Thus, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites, and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to curb the collection or use of your personal information in the following way:
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@tanury.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting, if you inform us that you wish for this to occur.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will immediately modify any information found to be incorrect.
Scroll