http://tapeinfo.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting the privacy of visitors and business partners to our site. This privacy policy explains our approach to meeting that commitment.
Information We Collect
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about the use of this site. Google Analytics collects information about visits to our website. This information provided to us, such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what domains were used prior to coming to this website are not personally identifiable. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics only provides the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. The ability of Google to use and share information collected about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review Google’s policies should you have any questions. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this website by disabling cookies on your browser.
HTTP Cookies
We use HTTP cookies to help in visit tracking. A cookie is a small file stored on your computer by your browser that can be used to connect accesses to a website. The data we store in the cookie is used for enhancing your experience on our site and is not available to third-parties.
Budnick Does Not Disclose Your Information to Any Outside Organization
We do not engage in the sale or sharing of information you submit when conducting business with us.
Email Contact
We use an email service that allows us to track any emails that you may send to us requesting help or information. We retain such information as a reference that contact occurred. This information is not made available to any third parties. We may use the information to communicate with you about our products, but you have the ability to "opt-out." In other words, you can tell us that you don't want to hear from us.
Dispute Resolution
If you feel that the privacy policy as stated here has been violated, you can contact us by email at info@budnick.com or by phone at (618) 281-8090.
×
Login
Not registered? Sign up here!
Email Address
Password
Forgot your password?
Cancel
Login