https://tasteforlife.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Taste For Life
Skip to main content
Advertisement
Search form
Search
Search
TasteforLife.com Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by Taste for Life. Here at Taste for Life, we recognize that many visitors to our site are concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. So we've developed a Privacy Policy to address those concerns. We may update the Policy from time to time, so please check in occasionally.
Our Data Collection and Storage Policy
At our site, we don't collect personally-identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. This means we don't require you to register or provide information to us in order to view our site. If you submit personal information to the site, we use the information you supply for the purpose of providing the services you've requested. If you specifically agreed to follow-up contacts by us or asked to be put on our mailing list, we may also contact you from time to time. You can always change your preference for follow-up contacts just by e-mailing us at any time. We don't share any information you give us with anyone outside of the Taste for Life group.
Submitted Data
Contact Forms
In e-mail or submission sections of our site, we ask for some personally-identifiable information, such as your name and phone number. We use this information only if we need to contact you directly because our attempts to contact you by e-mail were unsuccessful. We don't use the information internally for other purposes, and we don't share it with anyone outside of Taste for Life. We don't use your e-mail address for any purpose other than responding to the message you've sent.
Giveaways
Our site sometimes includes notices of sweepstakes or other promotions we are conducting, and we may permit you to enter electronically in some cases. If that occurs, we will use the information you provide for the purpose of conducting the promotion (e.g., to contact you if you're a winner). We don't share the information you give us with anyone outside of Taste for Life.
Collected Data
Cookies
Like many companies, we use "cookie" technology on our web site, for analytics. The cookie doesn't obtain any personal information about you or provide us with any way to contact you, and the cookie doesn't extract any information from your computer. We do use the cookie to help us identify site features in which our audience has the greatest interest, so that we can provide more of what they enjoy most.
Google Services
Like many websites, we make use of Google services to enhance your experience. You can learn about what information is collected, how it is used, and how to control what information on this page provided by Google.
Your Data Rights
In accordance with The General Data Protection Regulation, affecting users in the European Economic Area, we are happy to assist you in reviewing or removing any personal information we may have stored. Simply contact us with your request.
Children Under the Age of 13 (COPPA Compliance)
Although not intended for children, we have attempted to make the content of this site suitable for visitors of all ages. Any minor child should consult thier parents or gaurdian before providing any personal information to Taste for Life.
Contact
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us! We'll be happy to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
By mail:
Taste for Life
149 Emerald St. Suite O
Keene, NH 03431
By phone:
Tel: 603-283-0034
Fax: 603-283-0141
By Email:
customerservice@tasteforlife.com
Advertisement
149 Emerald St. Suite OKeene, NH 03431
Advertise with us!
Don't know where to find Taste for Life magazine? Click here!
Article content Copyright © 1998-2020 Taste For Life except where otherwise noted. This site features images licensed from Dreamstime.
Visit the Taste for Life archives! Read our monthly print editions online.
Privacy Policy
§These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.