https://taylormadeproductions.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Who we are
Our website address is: https://taylormadeproductions.com/
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact forms
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
This document describes the types of personal information that may be collected when you use https://taylormadeproductions.com/’s services. We provide this to help enable you to make an educated decision about sharing personal information us.
https://taylormadeproductions.com/is owned and operated by Scott Taylor. The provided services, web sites, advertising, tools, web development, products and software, (will be referred to collectively as the “Services”. Scott Taylor and https://taylormadeproductions.com/ (will be referred to as the “Proprietor”). Your use of the Services is subject to this Privacy Policy. The Proprietor reserves the right to update and change this policy at any time without notice. Your continued use of the site or Services after the posting of any additions or modifications to this policy constitutes your acceptance of such changes. You can review the most current version at any time at https://taylormadeproductions.com/privacy-policy/.
This agreement (“Agreement”) between You and the Proprietor consists of this policy. “You” means any person or entity who uses the Services and/or posts Content to the Services. By using the Services and/or posting Content you agree to be bound by the terms and condition of this policy. You may not use the Services if you do not accept these Terms.
The Proprietor may collect personal information when you register for or use the services. Information is also collected when you voluntarily provide such information. We may combine information collected in order to offer you a better user experience services.
The services use cookies and other technologies to provide you with better services.
As with most websites some information is automatically recorded when you use the services including but not limited to IP address and browser type.
You may disable the use of cookies in your browser, however some features and services may not operate correctly or at all as a result.
Should you find the personal information that we have for you is inaccurate we provide an area in your control panel to update such information.
The use of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address, or phone number shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to Voice Actor Websites. By means of this data protection declaration, our enterprise would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.
As the controller, we have implemented technical and organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through this website. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed. For this reason, every data subject is free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means, e.g. by telephone.