http://taylorbells.co.uk/legal/
Email
Email address
Location
Postal address
Phone
Phone number
Fax
Fax number
Arrow left
Previous
Arrow right
Next
Skip to content
Legal
In these Terms and Conditions “we, our, us” refers to “John Taylor & Co”. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website.
Acceptance of terms
By accessing the content of mendzmoves.com (“the Website”) you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set out herein and you accept our privacy policy available at taylorbells.co.uk/privacy-policy. If you object to any of the terms and conditions set out in this agreement you should not use any of the products or services on the Website and leave immediately.
You agree that you shall not use the Website for illegal purposes, and will respect all applicable laws and regulations. You agree not to use the Website in a way that may impair the performance, corrupt the content or otherwise reduce the overall functionality of the Website. You agree not to compromise the security of the Website or attempt to gain access to secured areas or sensitive information.
You agree to be fully responsible for any claim, expense, liability, losses, costs including legal fees incurred by us arising from any infringement of the terms and conditions set out in this agreement.
Modification
John Taylor & Co reserves the right to change any part of this agreement without notice and your use of the Website will be deemed as acceptance of this agreement.
John Taylor & Co has complete discretion to modify or remove any part of this site without warning or liability arising from such action.
Limitation of liablility
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
Copyright
All intellectual property ofJohn Taylor & Co such as trademarks, trade names and any other automatic intellectual property rights derived from the aesthetics or functionality of the Website remain the property ofJohn Taylor & Co.
By using the Website you agree to respect the intellectual property rights ofJohn Taylor & Co and will refrain from copying, downloading, transmitting, reproducing, printing, or exploiting for commercial purpose any material contained within the Website.
Disclaimers
The information is provided on the understanding that the website is not engaged in rendering advice and should not be wholly relied upon when making any related decision.
The information contained with the Website is provided on an “as is” basis with no warranties expressed or otherwise implied relating to the accuracy, fitness for purpose, compatibility or security of any components of the Website.
We do not guarantee uninterrupted availability of the Website and cannot provide any representation that using the Website will be error free.
Third parties
Our Website may contain links to third party websites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you. By linking to these websites, we do not create or have an affiliation with, or sponsor such third party websites. The inclusion of links within our Website does not constitute any endorsement, guarantee, warranty, or recommendation of such third party websites.
Severance
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck out and the remaining provisions shall remain in force.
Governing law and jurisdiction
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of England and any user of the Website hereby agrees to be bound exclusively by the jurisdiction of English courts without reference to rules governing choice of laws.
Legal
Privacy Policy
Sitemap