https://tcbackwoods.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Backwoods Specialties takes your privacy seriously. We only use the information we collect to process orders or communicate with people who have voluntarily provided their email address and other contact information to us.
WHAT WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
Voluntarily Submitted Information
Backwoods Specialties collects information that is voluntarily submitted by our site visitors, including but not limited to email address, phone number, mailing address and product orders. For orders, we collect contact information and mailing address to allow us to fulfill the order. Backwoods Specialties uses PayPal for all financial transactions and does not store, nor have access to, our customers’ credit card information.
Backwoods Specialties does not sell, trade, rent or publish your personal information to any third party without your permission. Information submitted to us is available to employees or contracted service providers to carry out normal business functions such as contacting you, processing orders or managing the website.
Backwoods Specialties may release customer information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to comply with law; enforce our Terms of Use agreement or protect our rights; or protect the rights, property or safety of our site users or the public.
Information from our Web Server Logs
As with most websites, tcbackwoods.com may collect information from site visitors such as your IP address, browser type and the site that referred you to us. This information is used to better manage the website and to track overall usage of the website. Backwoods Specialties may provide aggregate statistics about our visitors, site traffic patterns, and related website information to reputable third-parties, but these statistics will not include personally identifying information.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
Backwoods Specialties does not store customer credit card numbers, and access to other customer information such as address and order history is password protected. In addition, Backwoods Specialties uses reputable professional service providers dedicated to web security, privacy and best practices. These include FutureQuest for web hosting, ExpressionEngine CMS and its Store add-on for our CMS and shopping cart, and PayPal for our payment system. Our privacy policy only governs information collected on tcbackwoods.com, and we are not responsible for the policies and/or practices on these sites, nor any others to which we link. If you have any questions or concerns about these other sites, we recommend that you visit them to view their policies.
If you have any questions about our policies, please contact us at heythere@tcbackwoods.com. You may also reach us at
Backwoods Specialties
2933 Country Lane
Traverse City, MI 49685
(231) 735-5785
Last updated September 28, 2012
0