https://tccp.coop/data-policy/
September 12, 2018
As a TCCP owner or shopper, your trust is important to us. This data policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by TCCP when you become a member of TCCP, access or use our website or other online or mobile services (which we call our “Services”), shop in our stores, or otherwise interact with us.
We may supply different or additional notices of our information practices specific to certain programs or activities. In addition, we may change this data policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the effective date above and, in some cases, we may provide you with more prominent notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification).
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US DIRECTLY
For example, we collect information when you become a member of TCCP; shop in our stores; access and use our Services; sign up for or participate in classes, events, newsletters, promotions, surveys, contests or mailing lists; engage with us over social media platforms; and when you email, call or otherwise communicate with us.
The types of information we may collect include your name, address, phone number, email address, ZIP code, photos, videos, social media usernames, payment information, demographic information, information about your shopping and purchases, information about your interests and preferences and any other information you choose to provide.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY
We may also automatically collect information about you when you use or access our Services or transact business with us, including:
Transaction information | When you purchase or return a product or register for events or classes, we collect information about the transaction, such as product details, purchase price and the date and location of the transaction.
Usage and log information | We obtain information about your use of our websites, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, the page you visited before navigating to our Services and browsing activity.
Device information | We may collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services, such as your device’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, hardware model, operating system, unique device identifiers, browser type and mobile network information.
Location information.
Location information | We may collect information about the precise location of your device when you consent to the collection of this information.
For more details, please see Controlling your Information and Privacy Preferences below.
We use the information we collect about you for a variety of purposes, including to:
Administer your ownership and communicate with you about your ownership and the co-op (including special offers only available to owners, annual meetings and board elections.)
Provide and deliver products and services, process transactions and send you related information, including confirmations, recall notices, invoices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages.
Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service.
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, contests, news, surveys, upcoming events and other information we think may be of interest to you.
Provide, maintain and improve our Services.
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities.
Conduct research and analysis, including through surveys and focus groups.
Personalize our Services and provide advertisements, content or features that are targeted toward your interests.
Process and deliver contest, promotion and sweepstakes entries and prizes.
Link or combine with other information we receive from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with better service.
Carry out any other purpose conveyed to you when the information was collected.
Investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities.
Third parties interact with our Services in various ways. These third parties are independent of TCCP and this data policy does not apply to the information they may collect about you and your interaction with them through our Services.
COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies are small text files that are stored by your browser when you visit a website. We use cookies to identify your Internet browser, store Users’ preferences, and determine whether you have installed sufficient enabling software needed to access certain parts of the Service. Data in cookies may be read to authenticate user sessions or provide features of the Service. You can program your computer to warn you each time a cookie is being sent, block third party cookies or block all cookies by changing your web browser settings (see below.) Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Chrome
Explorer
Firefox
Other
SOCIAL SHARING FEATURES
Our Services may offer social sharing features or other integrated tools (for example, Facebook, Instagram or Twitter), which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa. When you use these features and tools, you may share information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, we encourage you to read the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these features.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Our Services contain links to other sites. The sites we link to operate independently of TCCP and have established their own privacy and security options. They may use their own cookies, web beacons and other technology to independently collect information about you. In addition, these third party websites may solicit personal information from you and may provide your information to third parties for uses that are different than the ways in which TCCP uses your information.
ADVERTISING, ANALYTICS AND SERVICES
We allow third parties to serve advertisements that are targeted to your interests and we engage third parties to provide analytics services. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Services and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, links clicked, time spent on pages and conversion information. The information collected by these third parties on our Services may be combined with other information they have independently collected from other websites or other online or mobile products and services relating to your activities across their network of websites. This information may be used by us and these third parties to analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites and better understand your online activity.
Our data policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third party cookies, web beacons or other tracking technologies. For more information about how to opt out of having your web browsing information used in this way or to otherwise manage your online advertising preferences, please see
Controlling your Information and Privacy Preferences below.
Facebook
We use Facebook Advertising, Offers, Pixel, and communications. These tools allow us to understand and deliver ads and make them more relevant to you. The collected data remains anonymous and we cannot see the personal data of any individual user.
However, the collected data is saved and processed by Facebook. Facebook may be able to connect the data with your Facebook account and use the data for their own advertising purposes (in accordance with Facebook’s Data Use Policy. Facebook has ultimate control of the information gathered through Facebook Advertising and Pixel . You can opt-out of Facebook’s use of cookies through settings on your Facebook Account.
Facebook Pixel
We use Facebook Pixel on our site. This allows user behavior to be tracked after they have been redirected to the provider’s website by clicking on a Facebook ad. This enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users.
Google Analytics
We use the Google Analytics service from Google LLC. to analyze our website visitors. Google uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about the use of the online product or service by users is generally transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google will use this information on our behalf to evaluate the use of our online products and services by users, to compile reports on the activities within these online products and services and to provide us with further services associated with the use of these online products and services and the use of the internet. Pseudonymous user profiles can be created from the processed data. We use Google Analytics only with IP anonymization enabled. This means that Google will truncate the IP address of users. The IP address transmitted by the user’s browser is not merged with other Google data. Users can prevent cookies from being stored by adjusting the settings to their browser software accordingly. We have enabled Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting which infers general demographic data (such as age, gender, and interests) on visitors but does not collect any personally identifiable information.
Google AdWords
We use marketing services of Google LLC. These services allow us to display advertisements in a more targeted manner in order to present advertisements of interest to users. We use the online advertising program Google AdWords. In the case of Google AdWords, each AdWords customer receives a different conversion cookie. Cookies can therefore not be tracked through the websites of AdWords customers. The information collected by the cookie is used to generate conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted for conversion tracking. AdWords customers see the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag. However, they will not receive any information that personally identifies users.
Below are the data policies of some of the third parties who may indirectly provide services to us:
Google
Facebook
Mailchimp
Twitter
Survey Monkey
Instagram
For more details about opting out of online advertising and tracking, please see Controlling your Information and Privacy Preferences below.
We do not intentionally or knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are under 13, you should not provide information on our website or through our Services. If you become aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, please email us at webmaster@tccp.coop.
ONLINE ADVERTISING PREFERENCES
You can learn more and manage your online advertising preferences via the following links:
Network Advertising Initiative
Digital Advertising Alliance
Google Ad Preferences Manager
Google Analytics Opt-Out
Facebook Ad Preferences Manager
The Trade Desk
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this data policy or about our privacy practices, please contact us at webmaster@tccp.coop. You may also send your privacy-related comments or questions to the following address:
This website uses cookies for necessary functions and to enhance your browsing experience. Learn more in our Data Policy.
Accept & Continue