http://teamaustralia.com.au/terms-and-conditions
Free Shipping | Orders over $50
Contact Us
Sign in
or Register
Compare
Terms & Conditions
Introduction
The use of this website is subject to the following Terms and Conditions. By accessing this website you agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions set out below.
These terms-of-use are a legal agreement between us and describe the terms and conditions applicable to your use of our website and the services we offer. You must read, agree with and accept all of the terms and conditions contained in this agreement and our Privacy Policy. This agreement includes those terms and conditions expressly set out below and those incorporated by reference. We strongly recommend that you also access and read any other information contained on other pages or websites referred to in this notice, as they may contain further terms and conditions that apply to you. Please also refer to our Privacy Policy.
Each time you use or cause access to this web site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use, and as amended from time to time with or without notice to you. In addition, if you are using a particular service on or through this web site, you will be subject to any rules or guidelines applicable to those services and they shall be incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use. Please see our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into these Terms of Use by reference.
Acceptable Use
You acknowledge that you are responsible for all communications sent via or to this website and agree your use of this website for proper and lawful purposes only. You will not carry out any act or omission or procedure which would: o Damage, delay, interrupt or impair the use of this website or its software;o Cause any illegal, offensive, defamatory material to be placed on or associated with this website;o Be in breach of any copyright, trade mark, privacy, confidence, or any other third party right; oro Cause any inconvenience to its employees, servants, agents, software and other suppliers or any other third party (including, without limitation, creating or procuring software viruses, chain letters, unsolicited communications and 'spam').o In the event that you breach any of these Terms and Conditions, you will indemnify and keep indemnified Team, employees, servants, agents, professional advisors, suppliers and affiliates from time-to-time against all damages, losses, claims, costs, charges, awards, orders, judgments and other liabilities suffered or threatened as a result of a breach of these conditions.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold us and our affiliates and agents and their respective officers, directors and employees harmless from any claim or demand, including legal fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your breach of this agreement or your violation of any law or rights of a third party.
Termination and Suspension
We may immediately issue a warning and deny your access to all or part of the website or refuse to provide our services to you without notice if: o You are in breach of any part of this agreement.o We cannot, for any reason, verify or authenticate any information you provide to us.o We believe that your actions may cause legal liability for us, you, or any other user.
General
These Terms and Conditions set forth the entire understanding and agreement between us. We may amend these Terms and Conditions at any time by posting an amended agreement on our website. Any amended Terms and Conditions will govern new user registrations from the date that it is posted and existing users will be bound by the amended agreement after the expiry of 14 days following the date of posting. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall create or be construed to imply any agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchisor-franchisee relationship between you and us. Headings are for reference purposes only and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of such section. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck out and the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect. You cannot assign this agreement but we may assign it at our sole discretion. Our failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others shall not be considered as a waiver of our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. Any person who is not a party to this agreement has no right to enforce any term of this agreement. This does not affect any right or remedy generally available to such a third party in law or otherwise.
Governing Law
These Terms and Conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with Australian law and you agree that the Australian courts will have exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute under this agreement. The laws of your country may be different from Australian law and there may be additional legal requirements for you to use our website or services. You must comply with all applicable local and international laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations regarding your use of our website and services. We cannot monitor the laws of every country and it is your responsibility to ensure that your use of our website and services is legal.
Registration and Password
You are responsible to maintain the confidentiality of your password and shall be responsible for all uses via your registration and/or login, whether authorized or unauthorized by you. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use or your registration, user account or password.
Trademarks / Copyrights / Restrictions
This website and all materials on it, including, but not limited to, images, are the sole property of GRIP Asia Pacific Pty Ltd and are protected from unauthorised copying and dissemination by copyright law and trademark law. You may not reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, or distribute in any way whatsoever any materials from this website without the prior written permission of Grip Asia Pacific Pty Ltd.
Newsletter
By purchasing from us, you also agree to be signed up to the Team® newsletter and agree to receive email from us. The aim of our newsletters is to keep our valued customers up to date with new deals and discounts that we would not want you to miss.
You can unsubscribe at any time by using the link provided at the bottom of every email.
We will not distribute, communicate or publish your details to any Third Party organisations at any time.
×
×