http://teamaustralia.com.au/privacy-policy
Free Shipping | Orders over $50
Contact Us
Sign in
or Register
Compare
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Team promise to protect your privacy. This policy explains the information we hold about you, and who else may have access to it. The only personal information we will have is that voluntarily supplied by you.
Your Personal Information
Team will never share your personal information with any other company or third party service. With your explicit consent, your personal information may be used to update and enhance our website. In this case we will explicitly ask and inform you of how we intent to sue this information.
We are not responsible for the content of the linked websites, and therefore we recommend that you check the privacy policy of those websites to which this website may link. We will share your information where required to do so by relevant legislation, or court orders. Should Team be acquired by another company, customer information may be deemed a transferable business asset, and as such will transfer to the new owners.
Payment Information
We do not not take payment details directly through our website to ensure the most secure and safe payment process. When you pay for an order your payment details are processed by Pay Pal. We do not have access to your payment information. We can only process refunds or view the status of a payment.
Secure Checkout Pages
All checkout pages on our website are secured with SSL Encryption Technology. This technology encrypts all of your data that your provide to us before being processed to ensure the privacy and protection of your information.
Phone Orders
If you would like to place your order over the phone, our phone systems are tested regularly for vulnerabilities and are always up to date with the latest security improvements. Any information that is collected during the phone call such as credit card details will be destroyed at the end of each day.
Cookies
This website deposits certain bits of information called "cookies" in a visitor's computer. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, which is sent to your browser from a web site's computer and stored on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies to tell us how and when pages in a website are visited and by how many people. Cookie technology does not collect personal identifiable information; the information collected is in an aggregate, non-identifiable form. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many major web sites use them to provide useful features for their customers. Each web site can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a web site to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites. You can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. (Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.)
What if this Privacy Policy changes?
Team reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time. We may notify you of such changes, but it is your responsibility to check the policy each time you use the site.
×
×