https://teampac.fi/en/register-description-and-privacy-policy/
barschevron-downmenu
searchshopping-carttimes
Skip to content
Privacy policy
Register description and information document stipulated by the Personal Data Act (523/1999, Sections 10 and 24)
20.3.2019
Controller
Teampac Oy
Dunkatie 4, 07880 Liljendal, Finland
Contact person responsible for the register
Jesse Arjaluoto, Quality Manager
Dunkatie 4, 07880 Liljendal, Finland
+358 19 521 1820
info@teampac.fi
Name of the register
Teampac Oy Customer, Communication and Marketing Register.
Purpose of processing personal data
The purpose of processing personal data is the maintenance of Teampac Oy customer relationships, communication and marketing. We process data in accordance with the Personal Data Act.
Registered data
Data stored in the register includes
• Company name and contact information
• Contact person’s first and last name, job title and contact information
• Customer contacts and customer relationships
• Mailing lists
Regular data sources
Data stored in the register is regularly obtained
• When forming a customer relationship, with data updated as it changes
• From the company and the contact person himself/herself
• Through registrations at the web site
Other data sources shall be used within the limits of the law.
Regular submission of data
Data in the register shall not be submitted for third-party use.
Transfer of data outside the EU/EEA
Data shall not be transferred to third parties or outside the EU or EEA.
As needed within the limits of the Personal Data Act.
Register protection principles
The register is maintained in digital form, and personal data is not stored in manual registers. Data in the register is restricted for the use of Teampac Oy personnel – for selected representatives of staff with personal user IDs and passwords. The data in the register is available solely to Teampac Oy staff in the scope required for carrying out the tasks described here. All users of the data in the register are bound by confidentiality. The register is protected from outside use. Use of the data is monitored.
Right to inspection
A data subject has the right to inspect their personal data that has been stored in the register. An inspection request must be submitted in writing and addressed to the person responsible for the register. To prevent abuse, a person submitting an inspection request must reliably prove their identity.
Right to demand correction of data
Upon the data subject’s request, the controller shall correct, remove or supplement personal data in the register that is erroneous, irrelevant, incomplete or outdated for the purpose of processing. To have their data corrected, the data subject must contact the person responsible for the register.
Other rights related to the processing of personal data
According to the Personal Data Act, a data subject has the right to forbid the controller from processing their personal data. Such a denial must be made in writing and addressed to the person responsible for the register.
Cookies
On its website, Teampac Oy uses cookies for collecting statistical data about the number of visitors, analytics about traffic to the site, at the site and from the site as well as data about the operation of the site. Cookies are also important for technical reasons and help target contents at the user. The user may disable cookies in their browser settings.
Teampac Oy stores collected data confidentially and securely. Teampac Oy does not collect unnecessary data about visitors. Our operations are transparent and users may obtain data we have collected about them upon request as well as have it removed, if they so desire. We process personal data in accordance with EU data protection regulations.
For more information about the use of cookies and collected data, contact the person responsible for the register.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.AcceptRefuse