https://team-eng.com/privacy-cookies/
Privacy & Cookies - TEAM Engineering Ltd
Need Pricing quickly?
No problem, we have a Live team on hand to assist you. Click Start Now & enter your query.
START NOW
Product Information
What product are you interested in?
Please Select a Product / Service ( optional )
NX CADNX CAMNX CAE (Simcenter 3D)Teamcenter PLMFEMAPKeyshotFloEFDSimcenter AmesimSolid Edge
Please Select an Enquiry Type ( optional )
Free Trial
Training Enquiry
Product Enquiry
Pricing Enquiry
Please select your Product Usage ( optional )
Company
Individual
Educational
Personal / Company Information
Please enter your personal and company information
Additional Details
Enter your additional details below
Skip to content
About
Products
Services
Tech Hub
Calendar
Blog
Customer Login
Contact Us
01480 400 057
Skip to content
About
Products
Services
Tech Hub
Calendar
Blog
Customer Login
Contact Us
01480 400 057
Privacy & Cookies
NX
NX
TC
SC
FE
FL
AM
KE
SE
Privacy & Cookies
Introduction
OnePLM Ltd takes steps to ensure that any processing of personal data such as the name, address, email address and phone number of a data subject is always in line with the General Data Protection Regulation 2016 and all other applicable laws and legislations. By means of this Data Protection Declaration, OnePLM Ltd would like to inform the public of the nature, scope and purpose of the personal data that we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed by means of this Data Protection Declaration of the rights to which they are entitled.
Data protection is of high importance to the management and employees of OnePLM Ltd and therefore as an organisation we have implemented numerous technical and organisational measures to ensure secure protection of all personal data collected, used and processed through the OnePLM Ltd website and subdomains.
It is possible to use the OnePLM Ltd website and subdomains without the need to provide personal data however, should a data subject wish to use special services across the sites such as making an online purchase, the collection and processing of personal data may be required. If the processing of personal data does become necessary and there is no statutory basis for processing, OnePLM Ltd will seek to gain consent. Despite implementing technical and organisational measures to ensure the security of personal data, internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed. For this reason, every data subject is free to transfer personal data to use by alternative means, e.g. by phone.
Definitions
Personal Data: Personal data refers to any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Data Subject: Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing.
Processing: Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or sets of personal data, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation, alteration, retrieval, consultation, restriction, erasure or destruction.
Restriction of Processing: The marking of stored data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.
Profiling: Any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning the natural person’s performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.
Pseudonymisation: Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Data Controller: Controller or controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law.
Data Processor: Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.
Recipient: Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of an inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.
Consent: Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject’s wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.
Name and Address of the Controller
OnePLM Ltd, Signal Court, Old Station Way, Eynsham, Oxfordshire, OX29 4TL
Cookies
The OnePLM Ltd website and subdomains use cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an Internet browser. Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of a character string through which Internet pages and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This allows visited Internet sites and servers to differentiate the individual browser of the data subject from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A specific Internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie ID.
By using cookies, OnePLM Ltd can provide the users of this website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting. By means of a cookie, the information and offers on our website can be optimized with the user in mind. Cookies allow us, as previously mentioned, to recognize our website users. The purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to utilise our website. The website user that uses cookies, e.g. does not have to enter access data each time the website is accessed, because this is taken over by the website, and the cookie is thus stored on the user’s computer system. Another example is the cookie of a shopping cart in an online shop. The online store remembers the articles that a customer has placed in the virtual shopping cart via a cookie.
The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the Internet browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. If the data subject deactivates the setting of cookies in the Internet browser used, not all functions of our website may be entirely usable.
Collection of General Data and Information
The OnePLM Ltd website and subdomains collect a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the website. This general data and information are stored in the server log files. Collected may be (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers), (4) the sub-websites, (5) the date and time of access to the Internet site, (6) an Internet protocol address (IP address), (7) the Internet service provider of the accessing system, and (8) any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.
When using this general data and information, OnePLM Ltd does not draw any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is needed to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2) optimise the content of our website as well as its advertisement, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack. Therefore, the OnePLM Ltd analyses anonymously collected data and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our enterprise, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.
Registration on our website
The data subject has the possibility to register on the OnePLM Ltd website and subdomains with the indication of personal data. Which personal data are transmitted to the controller is determined by the respective input mask used for the registration. The personal data entered by the data subject are collected and stored exclusively for internal use by the controller, and for his own purposes. The controller may request transfer to one or more processors (e.g. a parcel service) that also uses personal data for an internal purpose which is attributable to the controller.
By registering on the website of the controller, the IP address—assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by the data subject—date, and time of the registration are also stored. The storage of this data takes place against the background that this is the only way to prevent the misuse of our services, and, if necessary, to make it possible to investigate committed offenses. Insofar, the storage of this data is necessary to secure the controller. This data is not passed on to third parties unless there is a statutory obligation to pass on the data, or if the transfer serves the aim of criminal prosecution. The registration of the data subject, with the voluntary indication of personal data, is intended to enable the controller to offer the data subject contents or services that may only be offered to registered users due to the nature of the matter in question. Registered persons are free to change the personal data specified during the registration at any time, or to have them completely deleted from the data stock of the controller. The data controller shall, at any time, provide information upon request to each data subject as to what personal data are stored about the data subject. In addition, the data controller shall correct or erase personal data at the request or indication of the data subject, insofar as there are no statutory storage obligations. The entirety of the controller’s employees is available to the data subject in this respect as contact persons.
Subscription to our Newsletters
On the OnePLM Ltd website and subdomains, users are given the opportunity to subscribe to our company newsletter. The input mask used for this purpose determines what personal data are transmitted, as well as when the newsletter is ordered from the controller.
OnePLM Ltd informs its customers and business partners regularly by means of a newsletter about enterprise offers. The enterprise’s newsletter may only be received by the data subject if (1) the data subject has a valid e-mail address and (2) the data subject registers for the newsletter shipping. A confirmation e-mail will be sent to the e-mail address registered by a data subject for the first time for newsletter shipping, for legal reasons, in the double opt-in procedure. This confirmation e-mail is used to prove whether the owner of the e-mail address as the data subject is authorised to receive the newsletter. During the registration for the newsletter, we also store the IP address of the computer system assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by the data subject at the time of the registration, as well as the date and time of the registration. The collection of this data is necessary to understand the (possible) misuse of the e-mail address of a data subject at a later date, and it therefore serves the aim of the legal protection of the controller.
The personal data collected as part of a registration for the newsletter will only be used to send our newsletter. In addition, subscribers to the newsletter may be informed by e-mail, as long as this is necessary for the operation of the newsletter service or a registration in question, as this could be the case in the event of modifications to the newsletter offer, or in the event of a change in technical circumstances. There will be no transfer of personal data collected by the newsletter service to third parties. The subscription to our newsletter may be terminated by the data subject at any time. The consent to the storage of personal data, which the data subject has given for shipping the newsletter, may be revoked at any time. For the purpose of revocation of consent, a corresponding link is found in each newsletter. It is also possible to unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time directly on the website of the controller, or to communicate this to the controller in a different way.
Newsletter Tracking
The OnePLM Ltd newsletters contain tracking pixels, a tracking pixel is a miniature graphic embedded in such e-mails, which are sent in HTML format to enable log file recording and analysis. This allows a statistical analysis of the success or failure of online marketing campaigns. Based on the embedded tracking pixel, the OnePLM may see when an e-mail was opened by a data subject, and which links in the e-mail were called up by data subjects.
Such personal data collected in the tracking pixels contained in the newsletters are stored and analysed by the controller to optimize the shipping of the newsletter, as well as to adapt the content of future newsletters even better to the interests of the data subject. These personal data will not be passed on to third parties. Data subjects are at any time entitled to revoke the respective separate declaration of consent issued by means of the double-opt-in procedure. After a revocation, these personal data will be deleted by the controller. OnePLM automatically regards a withdrawal from the receipt of the newsletter as a revocation.
Contact via the Website
The OnePLM Ltd website and subdomains contain information that enables a quick electronic contact to our enterprise such as a web chat, as well as direct communication with us, which also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (e-mail address). If a data subject contacts the controller by e-mail or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject are automatically stored. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the data controller are stored for processing or contacting the data subject. There is no transfer of this personal data to third parties.
Commenting on the OnePLM Blog
The OnePLM Ltd blog offers users the possibility to leave additional comments on individual posts. A blog is a web-based, publicly-accessible portal, through which one or more people called bloggers or web-bloggers may post articles or write down thoughts in so-called blogposts. Blogposts may usually be commented by third parties.
If a data subject leaves a comment on the blog published on this website, the comments made by the data subject are also stored and published, as well as information on the date of the commentary and on the user’s (pseudonym) chosen by the data subject. In addition, the IP address assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) to the data subject is also logged. This storage of the IP address takes place for security reasons, and in case the data subject violates the rights of third parties or posts illegal content through a given comment. The storage of these personal data is, therefore, in the own interest of the data controller, so that he can exculpate in the event of an infringement. This collected personal data will not be passed to third parties, unless such a transfer is required by law or serves the aim of the defence of the data controller.
Routine Erasure and Blocking of Personal Data
OnePLM Ltd only process and store the personal data of the data subject for the period necessary for it to achieve the purpose for which it was collected after which time the personal data shall be reviewed and either archived or deleted.
Rights of the Data Subject
Right of Confirmation:
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from OnePLM Ltd the confirmation as to whether personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of OnePLM Ltd.
Right of Access:
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from OnePLM Ltd free information about his or her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information. Furthermore, the European directives and regulations grant the data subject access to the following information:
the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations;
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing;
the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. Where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.
If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of OnePLM Ltd.
Right to Rectification:
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from OnePLM Ltd without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Considering the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the OnePLM Ltd.
Right to Erasure (Right to be Forgotten):
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from OnePLM Ltd the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary:
The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.
The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the GDPR.
The personal data have been unlawfully processed.
The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR.
If one of the reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by the OnePLM Ltd, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller. An employee of OnePLM Ltd shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately.
Where OnePLM Ltd has made personal data public and is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, OnePLM Ltd, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not required. Employees of OnePLM Ltd will arrange the necessary measures in individual cases.
Right to Restriction of Processing:
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:
The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
The processing is unlawful, and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead the restriction of their use instead.
The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by the OnePLM, he or she may at any time contact any employee of the controller. The employee of the OnePLM will arrange the restriction of the processing.
Right to Data Portability:
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to OnePLM Ltd, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. He or she shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
To assert the right to data portability, the data subject may at any time contact any employee of OnePLM.
Right to Object:
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
OnePLM Ltd shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
If OnePLM Ltd processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing. This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. If the data subject objects to OnePLM LTD to the processing for direct marketing purposes, OnePLM LTD will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.
In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her by OnePLM Ltd for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
To exercise the right to object, the data subject may contact any employee of OnePLM Ltd. In addition, the data subject is free in the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to use his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.
Automated Decision Making and Profiling:
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) is not authorised by Union or Member State law to which OnePLM Ltd is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject’s rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is not based on the data subject’s explicit consent.
If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) it is based on the data subject’s explicit consent, OnePLM Ltd shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject’s rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and contest the decision.
If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual decision-making, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of OnePLM LTD.
Right to Withdraw Consent:
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to withdraw his or her consent to processing of his or her personal data at any time.
If the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of OnePLM Ltd.
Data Protection Provision and the Application and Use of Google Analytics
On this website and across our subdomains, the controller has integrated the component of Google Analytics (with the anonymizer function). Google Analytics is a web analytics service. – Web analytics is the collection, gathering, and analysis of data about the behaviour of visitors to websites. A web analysis service collects, inter alia, data about the website from which a person has come (the so-called referrer), which sub-pages were visited, or how often and for what duration a sub-page was viewed. Web analytics are mainly used for the optimization of a website and to carry out a cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.
The operator of the Google Analytics component is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, United States.
For the web analytics through Google Analytics OnePLM Ltd uses the application “_gat. _anonymizeIp”. By means of this application the IP address of the Internet connection of the data subject is abridged by Google and anonymised when accessing our websites from a Member State of the European Union or another Contracting State to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
The purpose of the Google Analytics component is to analyse the traffic on our website. Google uses the collected data and information, inter alia, to evaluate the use of our website and to provide online reports, which show the activities on our websites, and to provide other services concerning the use of our Internet site for us.
Google Analytics places a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, Google is enabled to analyse the use of our website. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and into which a Google Analytics component was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject will automatically submit data through the Google Analytics component for online advertising and the settlement of commissions to Google. During this technical procedure, the enterprise Google gains knowledge of personal information, such as the IP address of the data subject, which serves Google, inter alia, to understand the origin of visitors and clicks, and subsequently create commission settlements.
The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which the access was made, and the frequency of visits of our website by the data subject. With each visit to our Internet site, such personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, will be transmitted to Google in the United States of America. These personal data are stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may pass these personal data collected through the technical procedure to third parties.
The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also prevent Google Analytics from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by Google Analytics may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.
In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a collection of data that are generated by Google Analytics, which is related to the use of this website, as well as the processing of this data by Google and the chance to preclude any such. For this purpose, the data subject must download a browser add-on under the link https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and install it. This browser add-on tells Google Analytics through a JavaScript, that any data and information about the visits of Internet pages may not be transmitted to Google Analytics. The installation of the browser add-ons is considered an objection by Google. If the information technology system of the data subject is later deleted, formatted, or newly installed, then the data subject must reinstall the browser add-ons to disable Google Analytics. If the browser add-on was uninstalled by the data subject or any other person who is attributable to their sphere of competence, or is disabled, it is possible to execute the reinstallation or reactivation of the browser add-ons.
Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Google may be retrieved under https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ and under http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html. Google Analytics is further explained under the following Link https://www.google.com/analytics/
Payment Method: Data Protection Provisions about the Use of PayPal
On this website and across subdomains, OnePLM Ltd have integrated components of PayPal. PayPal is an online payment service provider. Payments are processed via so-called PayPal accounts, which represent virtual private or business accounts. PayPal is also able to process virtual payments through credit cards when a user does not have a PayPal account. A PayPal account is managed via an e-mail address, which is why there are no classic account numbers. PayPal makes it possible to trigger online payments to third parties or to receive payments. PayPal also accepts trustee functions and offers buyer protection services.
The European operating company of PayPal is PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. & Cie. S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, 2449 Luxembourg, Luxembourg.
If the data subject chooses “PayPal” as the payment option in the online shop during the ordering process, we automatically transmit the data of the data subject to PayPal. By selecting this payment option, the data subject agrees to the transfer of personal data required for payment processing. The personal data transmitted to PayPal is usually first name, last name, address, email address, IP address, telephone number, mobile phone number, or other data necessary for payment processing. The processing of the purchase contract also requires such personal data, which are in connection with the respective order.
The transmission of the data is aimed at payment processing and fraud prevention. The controller will transfer personal data to PayPal if a legitimate interest in the transmission is given. The personal data exchanged between PayPal and the controller for the processing of the data will be transmitted by PayPal to economic credit agencies. This transmission is intended for identity and creditworthiness checks. PayPal will, if necessary, pass on personal data to affiliates and service providers or subcontractors to the extent that this is necessary to fulfil contractual obligations or for data to be processed in the order.
The data subject has the possibility to revoke consent for the handling of personal data at any time from PayPal. A revocation shall not have any effect on personal data which must be processed, used or transmitted in accordance with (contractual) payment processing.
The applicable data protection provisions of PayPal may be retrieved under https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.
General Data Protection Regulation
Customer / Supplier Privacy Notice
As the new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) came into force from 25 May 2018, we are contacting you via this document to inform you that we do hold personal data, email address and other data necessary to conduct business between our companies.
What data we hold and why:
We will only hold and store the necessary personal data that you or your company have provided, namely contact names, site address and contact details, e.g. telephone numbers and email addresses.
Lawful basis for data processing:
In order to continue business with both our customers and suppliers and to manage contractual obligations between us, it is in our legitimate interest to hold this data.
Transfer of personal data outside of EEA:
An overseas transfer of personal data takes place when the data is transmitted or sent to, viewed, accessed or otherwise used in a different country. To ensure that the level of protection afforded to personal data is not compromised, we will only transfer your personal data outside the EEA if certain conditions are met that ensure compliance with GDPR standards.
How long we will keep your data for:
We will retain the information we have collected about you throughout the term of our trading relationship. Should our professional relationship terminate, we will only keep your personal information for as long as it is reasonably necessary taking into consideration our need to answer queries or resolve problems, provide improved and new services and comply with legal requirements under applicable law(s). This means that we may retain your personal information for a reasonable period after cessation of our trading relationship.
Your rights of access to your data and data rectification requests:
Under the GDPR, you have the right to request a copy of the personal information that we hold about you, free of charge. This is known as making a Data Subject Access Request (DSAR).
You can make a request for your data by emailing us on: katryne.cook@oneplm.com
Identification will also be required to ensure we are not supplying anyone with data they should not see. This is to protect you.
Excessive or repeated requests may incur a reasonable administration fee.
Subject to the necessary checks, the data will be made available within one month, if this is not feasible for any reason, we will write to you to explain the reasons for the delay. If you believe that any information held is incorrect or incomplete, you should contact us on katryne.cook@oneplm.com
Any information that is found to be incorrect or incomplete will be amended promptly by one of our designated data processors who will comply with GDPR.
Right to request removal of data:
GDPR allows the right to request the deletion or removal of your personal data if you feel there is no compelling reason for us to continue to hold this data.
This is known as making a Data Subject Removal Request (DSRR)
You can request a DSRR by emailing us on katryne.cook@oneplm.com
Identification will also be required for validation purposes.
Your right to object to processing:
Under GDPR you have the right to object to processing your personal data where we are relying on our legitimate interest (or those of a third party), where we cannot show a compelling reason to continue the processing.
If you object to us processing your personal data, we will stop unless:
There are compelling, legitimate grounds for us to retain the data which overrides your interest, rights and freedoms, or
The processing is for the exercise of a defence of a legal claim
Right to complain to ICO
You have the right to complain to the information Commissioners Office (ICO) if you feel there is a problem with the way in which we are handling your personal data. Details for contacting the ICO can be found on their website https://ico.org.uk/.
Our company is registered with the ICO.
On-going
Should you have any questions on how we manage your data, please contact us on katryne.cook@oneplm.com
Telephone Call Recording
Personal data revealed during a telephone call will be digitally recorded for example name and contact details to deliver appropriate services.
Telephone call recording will be turned off, when a customer’s credit or debit card details are given, in line with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCS DSS) and data protection legislation including General Data Protection Regulations (‘GDPR’).
Call recordings will be used:
to assist in quality monitoring of staff
to investigate and resolve a complaint
to take actions to protect staff from abusive callers
to ensure OnePLM Ltd is able to monitor and adhere to quality standards
Information stored:
a digital recording of the telephone conversation
the telephone number of both parties (internal and external)
Retention
Recordings are stored in line with our call recording data retention policy
Latest from our tech hubTech Hub
Digital Enterprise Suite for Machine Builders
Whitepaper Introduction:
Digitalization is transforming ...
Learn More ->
Virtual Commissioning: On-Demand Webinar
Webinar brief:
Mechatronics Concept Designer (MCD), the s...
Learn More ->
Our Clients
Where To Find Us
Phone:
01480 400057
Email:
sales@team-eng.com
Address:
Aspen House
Vantage Park
Washingley Road
Huntingdon
Cambridgeshire
PE29 6SR
Our ProductsAll Products
NX Design
NX CAM
NX CAE
Teamcenter PLM
FEMAP CAE
Keyshot Render
FloEFD
Simcenter Amesim
Our ServicesAll Services
NX Design Training
NX CAM Training
NX CAE Training
Teamcenter PLM Training
FEMAP CAE Training
KeyShot Training
Consultancy
Deployment
Nissan Supplier Training
Nissan Data Bypass Service
Useful PagesContact
About Us
Tech Hub
What our Customers say
Subscribe to TEAM Engineering
Blog
Events
Manage your communication preferences
Privacy & Cookies
Terms and Conditions of Use
© 2020 Team Engineering Ltd.