https://techmould.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home
About us
Products
Materials
Gallery
FAQs
News
Toolmaking
Contact us
Search for:
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Techmould Ltd. uses and protects any information that you give Techmould Ltd. when you use this website. Techmould Ltd. is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Techmould Ltd. may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information, should you make direct contact with Techmould Ltd. via our Contact form or telephone number displayed on our website:
name
contact information including email address
information as added by yourself to our contact form
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see below section ‘List of cookies we collect’.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, or an accurate quotation and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services. We may periodically send promotional emails about our services, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. We provide an unsubscribe button on all promotional emails, enabling you to opt out at any time.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
We do not share your data with any third parties. It is held securly on our systems for our use to contact you only.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with any information, that information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may at times contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@sentrex.co.uk We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to at: Techmould Ltd Unit 9, Knowsley Road Industrial Estate, Haslingden, Rossendale, Lancashire BB4 4RX
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
Cookie Type
Description
Google Analytics
To improve the performance of our site and to help enhance user experience, we use a service provide by Google Analytics which allows us to count the amount of page visits and traffic sources our site receives.
Flamingo
To ensure contact form 7 submission information isn’t lost in transit.
Blocking Cookies
Most web browsers allow you to block cookies from being installed on your device through browser setting configuration. To obtain information about how to do this with your browser, please click one of the following links;
Firefox – https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
Blocking Cookies
Most web browsers allow you to block cookies from being installed on your device through browser setting configuration. To obtain information about how to do this with your browser, please click one of the following links;
Firefox – https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
Chrome – http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=95647
Internet Explorer – http://support.microsoft.com/kb/196955
Safari – http://docs.info.apple.com/article.html?path=Safari/3.0/en/9277.html
Deleting Cookies
Most web browsers also allow you to delete cookies that are stored on your device through browser configuration. To obtain information on how to do this with your browser, please click one of the following links;
Firefox – http://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/Cookies
Chrome – http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=95647
Internet Explorer – http://support.microsoft.com/kb/196955
Safari – http://docs.info.apple.com/article.html?path=Safari/3.0/en/9277.html
Mobile phone and tablet users may have to refer to their handset manual or in-phone settings for details on how to block or delete cookies from their mobile browser.
FOLLOW US ON TWITTER Tweets by @techmould
Recent Posts
Machining UHMWPE
injection moulding tool
Rubber moulded bellows for search lights
Rubber cover for vehicle testing equipment
Rubber to metal bonded engine seal
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks