https://technisys.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Technisys - Digital Banking PlatformPrivacy Policy - Technisys - Digital Banking Platform
Cyberbank
Cyberbank Core
Cyberbank Digital
Cyberbank Special Flavors
Thought Leadership
Blogs
Case Studies
White Papers
What's Going On?
Press Releases
In The News
Events
About Us
Management Team
Board Members and Advisors
Investors
Partners
Compliance
Join us
Contact Us
REQUEST A DEMO
English Español Português
REQUEST A DEMO
Privacy PolicyTechnisys S.A, its subsidiaries and branch operations hereinafter referred as “Technisys”, “we”, “us” or “our” is committed to respect your privacy and choices. This Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) explains how Technisys collects, uses and discloses Personal Information from job applicants, website visitors, and current or prospective clients (“you”) when you use our websites, platform, mobile application, other online products and services that link to this Policy, or otherwise interact with us (collectively, the “Services”). For the purposes of this Policy, “Personal Information” is any data related to an individual who may be identified from that data, or from a combination of a set of data, and other information which is in possession of Technisys.We may change this Policy from time to time. If we do, we will update the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as by posting a conspicuous notice on our website or sending you an email notification) prior to or subsequent to the update taking effect, and where required under applicable law and feasible, seek your consent to these changes. Notwithstanding, by continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you acknowledge the revised Policy. We encourage you, therefore, to periodically review this Policy whenever you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information collection, processing and sharing practices and the choices available to you. Personal Information we collect about youWe collect Personal Information through marketing communications, surveys conducted for research purposes, when you use our website, connect with Technisys through social media, or when you attend or sign up for Technisys events.Information that you provide via our website, including information you provide when you register on our website e.g. name, email address, designation, company, country and telephone number;Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of our websites, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, demographics, your computers’ operating system, and browser type and information collected via cookiesWe use your Personal Information for the following purposes:to enhance user experience, provide website maintenance;to improve overall quality of services;to understand which parts of our websites are visited and how frequently;to personalize any communications we might send to you;to contact you and respond to your questions or requests; andto provide access to desirable contentHow we share your Personal InformationTechnisys is a global company where business processes, management structure, technical systems cross national borders. Therefore, Technisys may use resources and servers located in various countries across the globe. Accordingly, your Personal Information may be transferred outside the country where you use a Technisys Service or otherwise provide Technisys with your personal data. In case you are an EU citizen, this may include countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA) that do not have laws that provide specific protection for personal data. Any international transfers of such information will be done in accordance with applicable law.Technisys may share your personal data with contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and provide the Services and who are bound by obligations of confidentiality. Your personal data will not be transferred to other individuals or businesses for their own use without your prior explicit consent.Technisys may also disclose your personal information to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request, as well as to enforce our legal rights.Data securityTechnisys is committed to protecting your privacy. Your personal data is held on secure servers and is not processed for any purposes other than those set out in this Policy. The servers Technisys uses to store this information are accessible to authorized staff only and Technisys ensures that adequate security measures are in place.We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.We honour your rightsWe honour your rights to access, correct, update or delete your data as well as any other right applicable in your jurisdiction upon request sent to marketing@technisys.com. You may also reply to a marketing email to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. Note that after the deletion of your personal data, it cannot be recovered and any data and content stored on the Services will also be permanently deleted. We will also delete your personal data once it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was originally collected.If we processed Personal Information on behalf of one of our customers we would refer requests from data subjects for accessing, correcting, updating, erasing, disabling, and/or blocking their Personal Information to that customer for handling and we would assist our customers in responding to these requests we might receive.Technisys would need to keep your personal information where required by applicable law and during the relevant statutes of limitations, even if you ask for its deletion. Technisys will not delete your personal data where it refers to an active relationship or a product or service explicitly requested by you. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.Sales of Personal Information In the preceding 12 months, we have not sold any of your Personal Information to third parties to facilitate certain advertising activities commonly deployed by online and technology companies. We do not knowingly collect, and therefore do not sell, the Personal Information of minors.EnforcementWe have policies and procedures in place to implement and audit the privacy principles set forth in this Policy. We have adopted a procedure to receive and respond to complaints and inquiries about our policies and practices relating to the handling of Personal Information. We will investigate all complaints in respect of Personal Information. If a complaint is justified, we will take appropriate measures, including, as necessary, amending our policies and practices. Any inquiries or complaints regarding this Policy or our practices relating to the handling of Personal Information should be addressed to marketing@technisys.com. You may also contact usFor further information on our Policy and practices relating to the handling of Personal Information, you may contact us by postal mail to 701 Brickell Ave #1550, Miami, FL 33131 or by email to marketing@technisys.com.
Ready toDifferentiate?Reach out today and find out how we can help you go beyond digital banking and become an integral part of your customers’ livesREQUEST A DEMO
About Technisys Technisys is the innovative digital banking technology company helping established banks to transform to digital; and challenger, neo banks and fintech companies jump-start.
Quick Links
Cyberbank Products
Thought Leadership
What's Going On?
Privacy Policy
Latest News
Technisys Continues North American Expansion With the Hire of Michel Jacobs as Chief Sales Officer
Technisys named a Regional Leader for the Americas in IBS Intelligence’s Annual Sales League Table 2020
Technisys Committed to Supporting the ABA’s Principles for Strong Bank-Core Provider Relationships
Contact Us
marketing@technisys.com
First Name *
Last Name *
Email Id *
Send us a note
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to improve your website experience and provide more personalized services to you, both on this website and through other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.We won't track your information when you visit our site. But in order to comply with your preferences, we'll have to use just one tiny cookie so that you're not asked to make this choice again.AcceptPrivacy policy