http://teletriage.com/about/privacy/
Telehealth Training Materials -- trusted by medical professionals since 1985
Telehealth Books
Advanced Practice in Telehealth (2021)
Fine Art of Telephone Triage (1993-2005)
Telephone Triage Guideline Competency (2017)
Telephone Triage Risk Management in Primary Care, Urgent Care and ED Settings (2019)
Telehealth Resources
Age-based Guidelines
Adult Telephone Triage Guidelines
Pediatric Telephone Triage Protocols (School Age)
Pediatric Telephone Triage Guidelines (Infant-Child)
News
Bookstore
Articles of Interest
About Sheila Wheeler, RN, MS.
Navigation Menu
Home --> Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy statement is designed to help you understand how we use and safeguard the contact  information you provide to us. This privacy statement applies to the teletriage.com Web site and related pages.
Information That We Collect
You may browse our Web sites without providing any personal information. The information we collect from visitors is done on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Web site and is not used to identify you in any way.
If you want to interact with us via the Web site, you may need to provide us with personal information. For example, you may register with us or sign up for our e-newsletter. Or, you may complete search forms to get information about our products and services. The types of information we ask for varies with the services that you request.
Your Choices
We only want to send you information you have requested. You may opt out of receiving additional or future e-mails from us at any time by following the directions included in each e-mail.
Cookies and Web Site Information
Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by your Web browser on your hard drive. The cookies allows our Web servers to recognize the computers used to access our Web sites. Cookies allow you to move from page to page on the Web site, by remembering the information about the entire session.
Like most other commercial Web sites, we use standard “cookie” technology and Web server logs to collect information about how our Web site is used. For example, we conduct anonymous Web traffic analysis for our site. Information gathered through cookies and by our Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Web site, and the Web sites visited just before and just after our Web site. This information is collected on an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you as an individual.
Although no systems are completely secure, we have taken reasonable steps to help prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. For example, personal information collected during the product process is maintained separately from all other sections of this site, and are encrypted and secured by PayPal.
How We Use the Information
Although we occasionally share our mailing lists with other conference providers, we do not typically share your contact information with other companies, organizations, or third parties who perform services for us.  In general, we use the information you provide in order to:
respond to your requests
provide the products and services you’ve purchased
provide customer service
provide you with additional information that may be of interest
send e-newsletters you have requested and to allow us to customize future e-mail and e-newsletter offerings
Please note that we may disclose any information as required by law or when needed to protect our legal rights. For example, we may disclose information about you in response to a subpoena. We may also disclose information about you in connection with the transfer of assets of our business.
Purchasing Our Products
We offer products and services for sale on our site.  When you are ready to complete your purchase, you will be redirected to PayPal for payment.  You may use a PayPal account, or major credit card to complete your purchase.  All information is encrypted and secure, and will be kept private.
Changes to Our Policies
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this privacy statement. If our information practices change, we will post and highlight the policy changes, and we will provide customers with the opportunity to opt out of the new data uses.
Contact Us with Any Questions
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or our practices with respect to personal information, please contact Sheila Wheeler at 415.453.8382.
Share this article
Telehealth Newsfeeds
Client Feedback
TeleTriage Systems provides telephone triage training, consulting and expert witness services for the Telehealth Industry
Privacy Policy  |  Terms and Conditions  |  Sitemap
Copyright © 2020 - 2021 Sheila Wheeler
TeleTriage Systems® is a registered trademark of Sheila Wheeler
All rights reserved