http://terriertech.com/privacy.php
Privacy | Contact us | About Terrier Technologies, Ltd. | Home
Status: Not logged in
Login | Register
| Help
Privacy statement
Terrier Technologies respects your privacy.
Our privacy policy states which information we may collect from you, and how we intend to use that information.
Access logs
We gather standard statistical information (IP address, time of access, pages viewed) from everyone accessing our web site.
This information may be used in an aggregated form to improve or better target our site.
Cookies
Cookies are small files which are stored on your computer's hard disk.
We use these files to store "session" information which can help you navigate through our site.
For example, cookies allow you to move through the password-protected pages of our site without having to re-enter your password on each page.
These cookies "timeout" after you do not use our site for a certain period (approximately 20 minutes); we do not store any information after the session has "expired".
You may turn off cookies using your browser preferences and still access our site, but you will not be able to use the password-protected areas.
Personally identifiable information
Certain areas of our site require you to register.
When you register, you are required to provide personally identifiable information including name, email address, telephone number, and the agency you belong to.
We may, at our discretion, use the information you provide to verify your status as a member of a legitimate law enforcement agency (we do this to help protect our customers from malicious use of our software).
Once the registration process is complete, most of your personally identifiable information is moved to an off-line registration database.
Certain information, generally limited to your name and email address, is stored in an on-line database.
This information may be used to personalize the site and for other functions, e.g. sending of forgotten-password reminders.
By registering at our site, you are indicating an interest in our products.
When important developments occur concerning our product line, we would like to have the opportunity of informing you, either via email or by sending you product literature.
At the time of registration, you will be given the option of declining any unsolicited material.
At no time will any information we collect be sold or otherwise made available to third parties, except to a law enforcement agency for the purposes of conducting a criminal investigation, or as otherwise required by law.
Criminally or legally sensitive information
While we will do our absolute best to maintain the security and confidentiality of any information you provide us with, we realize that the consequences of even one "leak" of criminally sensitive information could be profound.
Therefore, we encourage you to remove any highly sensitive information (victim or informant names, etc.) from any data you send us.
Licensed users of our products have access to a public on-line forum.
Please be aware that if you post a message to the forum, it can be viewed by other registered users.
Therefore, you should be particularly careful about disclosing non-public case details.
© Copyright 1999-2014, Terrier Technologies, Ltd.
By using this site, you agree to our Terms of Service