https://terra-nova.co.uk/p/customer-services/terms-conditions/
INFORMATION
The Company
History of Terra Nova Equipment
About the Brands
Awards & Achievements
The World's Lightest Tent
Trading Statements and Policies
Ethical Trading Statement
Trade / Export / Distributor Enquiries
Careers / Vacancies
Customer Services
Contact Information
Delivery & Returns
UK Delivery
International Delivery
Returns
Product Guarantees
Guarantee Information
Register Your Product
Tent Repair
Specialist Services
Gold Mark Service
Bespoke Orders
Outdoor Professionals
Customer Feedback
Terra Nova Tent Trade In
Tent Show Calendar
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Security
Copyright & Trademarks
Covid-19 Latest Information
Help & Advice
Product Information
Tent Owners Manual
Materials & Technology
Tent Pitching Instructions
Product Reviews
Clothing Size Guides
Product Grading System
Buying Guides
Choosing The Right Tent
Choosing The Right Family Tent
Tent Selector Tool
Choosing The Perfect Pack
Choosing a Sleeping Bag
Choosing The Right Gloves / Mitts
Choosing The Right Hat
Understanding The Bothy
Tarps & Their Varied Uses
Activity Guides
Top Tips & Guides Blog
FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions)
Blog
Store Finder
Last date for placing orders is 17th December.
We will be closed for Christmas from 5pm Friday 18th December and re-open on Monday 4th January 2021.
Covid -19 update: please click here to read our latest information
Login/Sign-Up
Basket0
Terms & Conditions
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully. The ordering of goods from Terra Nova indicates that you are in agreement them.
Shopping on terra-nova.co.uk
You can order items displayed on this website by using the on-line shopping facility.
Once an order is placed using the on-line shopping facility, you will receive an e-mail confirmation automatically (please do not respond to this unless any of the details are incorrect).
If for any reason, we are not able to fulfil your order, we will contact you at the earliest possible opportunity to advise you of this. At this point, you have the right to change or cancel your order. Any payments made or due will be adjusted or refunded to account for any changes or refunds as the circumstances dictate.
When purchasing goods on this web site, you are entering a legally binding contract. When confirmation of order is received, this is to indicate that we have received your order. It does not indicate that a contract exists between us. We will indicate acceptance of your order, and hence a contract between us, when we send you an invoice. We have included this term to protect us in the case that a mistake has been made in pricing, we have inadvertently under-priced goods, or we are no longer able to supply a particular product for some reason. In the case of a change of price, we will always contact you first to ensure that the price is acceptable.
Prices on terra-nova.co.uk
Our current prices are as displayed on the website.
We will endeavour to ensure that the prices shown on this website are correct. If for any reason the price(s) of any item(s) are incorrect at the time you place an order with us, we will contact you at the earliest possible opportunity to advise you of this. At this point, you have the right to change or cancel your order. Any payments made or due will be adjusted or refunded to account for any changes or refunds as the circumstances dictate.
All prices are exclusive of delivery charges. These are shown in the total amount payable, which you will have the opportunity to check before confirming your order.
All prices shown are inclusive of VAT. The VAT charged will be shown in the total amount payable and charged at the current rate. You will have the opportunity to check before confirming your order.
Prices of Terra Nova seconds/factory stock reflect the status and condition of the product. Prices are available exclusively on the www.terra-nova.co.uk web site.
Images on terra-nova.co.uk
We make every effort to ensure that the images of the products on our website are accurate. However, we reserve the right to change any of our products with out prior notification.
Due to differences between individual monitors, the colours of products shown may be slightly different to their true colours.
Images are used for illustrative purposes only and may not be identical to the product you receive.
Payments to Terra Nova
You can pay for your goods by Visa or MasterCard credit cards or by Switch, Solo or Delta debit cards. We also offer Paypal as an optional form of payment.
No orders will be accepted without a valid card payment in the name of the registered cardholder and its registered address.
Any refunds made in respect of returns or cancellations will be made to the same card / Paypal account.
Where payment has not been made in full, we may cancel your order and/or suspend any further deliveries to you.
All Credit/Debit card transactions conducted over the internet are encrypted to minimise the risk of third party attack and misuse of the details therein.
Delivery of Goods
We will endeavour to ship your goods within 1 – 2 working days of receipt of your order, however at particularly busy times of the year it may take longer.
We will make every effort to deliver your goods within the time stated on our website, but we will not be liable for any loss caused to you by late delivery.
If you refuse a delivery without prior consent from us, you will be liable for the return delivery costs.
If we are unable to deliver your order due to inadequate delivery information or you do not take delivery of your order, we may cancel the order and retain the products. In this case, you will be liable for the delivery charge and any surcharge incurred by us as a result. We will refund the cost of the items on the order.
If you do not receive your goods within the stated delivery period, please contact us by telephone or e-mail and we will contact our couriers on your behalf, alternatively we will give you your consignment number for you to use an on-line tracking system to monitor your delivery.
Cancellation of Goods
When purchasing from this web site, you the right to cancel your order within 7 days.
If you goods have not been dispatched, then we will refund your payment.
If the goods have already been dispatched to you, then please see the return of goods section below.
Our Guarantee
Products bought from www.terra-nova.co.uk or any of our authorised resellers are subject the specific guarantee associated with each of our Terra Nova, Wild Country and extremities brands. Details of these guarantees can be found on our website and in the promotional material attached to each product. Please note, our guarantees are only available to the original owner and on products bought from www.terra-nova.co.uk or our authorised resellers.
Offers and Package Promotions
Offers and packages relating to individual products are relevant to the product shown only and are not transferable. Orders incorporating offers will show all the products purchased on your purchase invoice. Any discount will be shown as a value deducted from the order total. If you change or cancel part of your order, either before shipping or after delivery, and this change affects an offer or package you have ordered, the full price listed on our website will be charged for the remaining items that constitute that package or offer.
Return of Goods
We believe that you will be delighted with your goods, however, in the event of you feeling that it is necessary to return the goods we will keep the process as simple and professional as possible. Items purchased from our online store must be returned to our Customer Services address. Please see our returns information.
The cost of returning your order to us is your responsibility, unless the reason for the return is deemed to be the fault of Terra Nova Equipment Ltd. In this instance, we will credit your postage costs to the card used when your purchase was made.
If the item or items you are returning are part of a package or offer, involving more than one product, the remaining items on your order will be charged at the full price listed on our website and the balance will be charged to the card used in the original purchase and a new invoice issued. If this card is no longer valid, for any reason, we will require you to provide us with an alternative means of payment. None payment constitutes theft and Terra Nova Equipment Ltd will take legal action to recover any cost involved in such cases.
Customer Services
Please contact Terra Nova Customer Services on 01773 837387 or by email at Customerservices@terra-nova.co.uk, stating clearly the nature of your query.
We aim to deal with queries within 5 working days by one of the Customer Services Team.
If for any reason a decision cannot be made within 5 working days, we will investigate your query thoroughly and keep you updated as to its progress.
If we find that your query is not valid, you will be contacted stating the reasons for our findings.
If you are still unhappy with the outcome at this stage, you have the right to take your case to a suitable arbitration service.
Our responsibility to you
We will not be responsible for any losses resulting from your use of, or the inability to use our website or resulting from unauthorised access to, or alteration of your transmissions or data in circumstances which are beyond our control.
We will not be responsible for your loss of profits, wasted expenditure, corruption or destruction of data or any other loss which does not directly result from something we have done wrong.
You will be responsible, if you use this website in breach of these terms of use and will reimburse us for any loss that you cause to us as a result of your misuse.
We make no promise that our website will be uninterrupted or entirely error free. Because of the nature of the Internet, the shopping online service is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. We are not responsible to you, if we are unable to provide our Internet services for any reason beyond our control.
Copyright /Trademarks/Data Protection
All rights in the designs and information on our website are owned by us. They are protected by copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights.
You may view, copy and print portions of our website for the sole purpose of placing an order with us. The materials on our website may not be used for any other purpose.
We will use the information which you provide and the records of items you buy to constantly monitor and improve our service and for marketing purposes in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Links to other websites and services
Our website may contain links to other websites, which are not under the control of and are not maintained by us. These links are provided for your convenience only and we are not responsible for the content of those sites.
General
We may change or withdraw any part of our website, or may refuse you access to the website at any time, if we consider it necessary.
If any part of these conditions is invalid, illegal or unenforceable (including any provision in which we exclude our liability to you), the validity, legality or enforceability of any other part of these conditions will not be affected. This agreement is governed by English law.
We do not give any contractual rights to third parties, and the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 will not apply to any contract between us.
These terms are governed by the laws of England and Wales and any disputes will be decided only by the courts of England and Wales.
Packed Weights
Max (packed weight) includes: flysheet, inner tent, poles, pegs and all bags.  Min weight includes: flysheet, inner tent and poles.