https://texchem-pack.com/privacy-policy/
No menu assigned!
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how companies under Texchem Polymer Engineering Division, it’s parent company, affiliates, subsidiaries (hereinafter known as “Texchem Polymer Engineering Division”) uses and protects any information that you give to us when you use this website.
The term ‘Texchem Polymer Engineering Division’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the collective ownership of the website with the representative registered office at Part of Lot 1241, Phase III, Bayan Lepas Free Industrial Zone, 11900 Bayan Lepas, Penang, Malaysia. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement and the privacy notice here.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
– name and job title
– contact information including email address
– demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
– other information relevant to surveys and/or offers including job application suitability
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
– Internal record keeping including assessing your job application and administering your participation in any contest/ program related to the public organized by us.
– Statistical analysis to improve your web experience.
– We may use the information to improve our products and services.
– We may periodically send promotional emails about our products and services, job offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
– From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
It may be necessary to transfer your personal data to companies within the Texchem group of companies or service providers outside Malaysia for the purpose of fulfilling our obligations to you in respect of the reasons of which the data was collected for and also in providing integrated services, maintaining and storing records.
By submitting your personal data in the various forms in this website, you hereby authorize consent to us to use and process (including disclose) your personal data for the reasons of which the data was collected for. If you do not consent or subsequently withdraw your consent to the processing and disclosure of your personal data, we will not be able to fulfill our obligations to you in respect of the reasons of which the data was collected for.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Links to social media platforms
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and Texchem Polymer Engineering participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
You are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage with them with due care and caution with regard to your privacy and personal details. We will never ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
This website may use social network sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. You are advised before using such social network sharing buttons that you do so at your own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may at any time after the submission of your personal data to us, request for access, correction to your personal data and/or limit your data processing by writing to us at enquiry@texchem-pack.com.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Quick LinksHome
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
PDPA Privacy Notice
Disclaimer
Contact Us Texchem Polymer Engineering Division
Part of Lot 1241, Phase III,
Bayan Lepas Free Industrial Zone,
11900 Bayan Lepas, Penang, Malaysia.
Phone: +604-643 8661
Fax: +604-644 1090
Email: enquiry@texchem-pack.com
Visit Texchem Group website
© 2020 Texchem Polymer Engineering Division. (1076167-T) All Rights Reserved.
Home
About
Our Business
Our Solutions
Contact