https://texchem-pack.com/terms-conditions/
No menu assigned!
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern companies under Texchem Polymer Engineering Division, it’s parent company, affiliates, subsidiaries (hereinafter known as “Texchem Polymer Engineering Division”) relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term ‘Texchem Polymer Engineering Division’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the collective ownership of the website with the representative registered office at Part of Lot 1241, Phase III, Bayan Lepas Free Industrial Zone, 11900 Bayan Lepas, Penang, Malaysia. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
1. The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
2. Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
3. Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
4. Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:
– you may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only
– you may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material
You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
5. This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the terms and conditions provided here.
6. All copyrights, trade marks and service marks belong to their respective owners.
7. Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
8. From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
9. Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of Malaysia.
Quick LinksHome
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
PDPA Privacy Notice
Disclaimer
Contact Us Texchem Polymer Engineering Division
Part of Lot 1241, Phase III,
Bayan Lepas Free Industrial Zone,
11900 Bayan Lepas, Penang, Malaysia.
Phone: +604-643 8661
Fax: +604-644 1090
Email: enquiry@texchem-pack.com
Visit Texchem Group website
© 2020 Texchem Polymer Engineering Division. (1076167-T) All Rights Reserved.
Home
About
Our Business
Our Solutions
Contact