http://textronics.com/privacy-policy.html
Sample Languages OfferedArabic Bengali Bulgarian Catalan Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Czech Danish Dutch Estonian Farsi Finnish French(Canadian) French(European) German Greek Gujarati Hebrew Hungarian Hindi Indonesian Inuit Iranian Italian Japanese Laotian Latin Latvian Lithuanian Korean Norwegian Polish Portuguese (Brazilian) Portuguese (European) Punjabi Romanian Russian Serbo-croatian Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish (European) Spanish (Latin American) Swahili Tagalog Tamil Telugu Thai Turkish Ukrainian Urdu Vietnamese Zulu And many others
Privacy Policy
Textronics
Textronics.com
PRIVACY POLICY
Textronics takes privacy and data protection issues very seriously. We have designed this Privacy Policy to explain how we handle personally identifiable information collected from our clients who purchase products and register for services from Textronics through the Internet.
1. Overview Textronics maintains this website to promote products and services to visitors. This Privacy Statement is designed so that you may understand how we collect and use data through our website, and to help you make an informed decision about using our website. If you have concerns about our data practices, please do not use the website.
2. Collection, Use, and Sharing of Information We collect two types of information from visitors to our website: (a) Traffic data, which shows for example, how many times and which pages are visited, but does not contain personally identifying information; and (b) Personal information, which visitors knowingly choose to disclose. Traffic data is collected by data files such as “cookies” and log files. Personal information includes contact data such as your name, address, email address, and phone number. Further details on the collection and use of the information are below.
a. Traffic Data. When you visit the website our servers automatically collect information about your computer, server and browser. This does not personally identify you. Technology files such as “Cookies” and Log files collect and track this information. Clicking on “Banner Ads” may also do this. We use such data to administer the site and make your visit more efficient. We may share this data in aggregate with partners and advertisers however there is no personal information included. (For example, we may use the data to convey that: 42% of our clients sign up on Wednesdays; our site achieved 650 unique visitors in the month of July.) The collection of this data is common practice for nearly all web sites and search engines and will not compromise your personal identify.
b. Personal Information. We collect personal information, for example: when you send us an email, we will use your email address to respond to you; and if you elected to sign up for a class, purchase a product or service, and/or to receive our monthly newsletter and special offers, we will use the appropriate level of personal information (name, address, credit card information, phone number, email, etc.) for the sole purpose of fulfilling your request.
c. Disclosure of Data. We will never, rent, share or disclose your personal information to any 3rd party company or make it available on our site, with the exception of legal matters or if compelled by a government agency to provide such. (In this case, we will never disclose more information than is requested.) In the event of a corporate reorganization, sale or merger of any of our businesses, you will be notified and provided the opportunity to decide whether or not you prefer to have your personal files transferred or not, at least 30 days prior to the completion of the transaction.
3. Acceptance Of Our Privacy Practices By using this website you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Statement, and you adhere to the terms and conditions posted on the website.
4. Access to Your Personal Information At any time, you may: 1. Ask for a copy of your personal information; 2. Ask for your personal information to be corrected or updated; and/or 3. Ask us to remove your personal information from our records. This information is passed via an email submit. Thus, if you wish to request a more secure way to communicate with us, please contact us by phone or postal mail.
5. Security a. Only employees of Textronics who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, a one of our accounting representatives) are granted access to personally identifying information, and solely for the purpose of fulfilling their job role. b. We have certain secure databases where we store data. We may also store your personal information in paper document files in our various offices, for book-keeping and administrative purposes. c. For the most part, communication with us through the website is via e-mail transmission. Since e-mail transmission can be accessed by other Internet users, you are free to contact us by a method other than e-mail (such as by telephone or mail), realizing that any mode of communicating contains some risk of compromise (ie: telephone and fax lines can be tapped into; postal mail may be misdirected or intercepted before delivery. While Textronics assumes no responsibility for personal information lost during any form of transmission we will do our part to ensure the security of your personal information once we have it in our possession.
6. Links to Affiliated Company Sites and Third Party Sites This website contains links to other sites; both those of affiliated companies and of third parties. Please be aware that Sweet Spot Training is not responsible for the privacy practices of any third party sites. We encourage our users to be aware of this when they leave our site, and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifying information. This Privacy Statement applies solely to information collected by Merchant’s Arena and website.
7. Updates and Changes We may make changes to our Privacy Statement. If so they will be posted on our website.
8. No legal rights created This Privacy Statement does not by itself create any legal rights.
9. Children’s Online Privacy Protection This website is not intended for use by Minors and does not direct content specifically to Minors. If you allow a minor child to use this site, you shall be responsible for all such use.
10. Exclusive Jurisdiction Textronics is a company operating from Toronto, Ontario, Canada. These terms and conditions apply to this site in the Province of Ontario and the Federal laws applicable in the Province of Ontario. If you access this web site from outside the Province of Ontario, Canada, you should make sure you do so in compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction.
11. Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or our website, you may contact us at: 705-419-0922 or email us at: info (at) Textronics (dot) com
© Textronics
WHAT OUR CLIENTS SAY :"You guys are Awesome! Thanks for the Pro-activeness" Stacey - IBM Worldwide Support Center "The translation is fantastic!"Eliza - Omni Television "I will make sure that I let all of my colleagues know how great the service was from Textronics and recommend you for future translation projects in our branch and department. Thanks for all of your help and patience I greatly appreciate it."Shannon - Industry Canada "I will not hesitate to contact you in the future for all projects I may have. Thanks again for immediate assistance."Cristina - Siemens Canada "I would like to commend you and your colleagues for the prompt response time and professional service that you continually extend to me. It is a pleasure to work with you."Sandra - Magna International "Thank you very much. You are progressing well and I am prepared to commit to your services... You are a saint."Karen - Bank of Nova Scotia "We have just got back from Japan and China where we were complimented on the good quality of our translation - thought you'd like to know!"Valerie - Niagara Economic Development Corporation