https://tgsus.com/contact-us/privacy-cookies/
Privacy and Cookies
Introduction
The Good Search, LLC is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal data. This statement summarizes our policy regarding the collection, use and transfer of your personal data, the security measures The Good Search, LLC employs to protect such data and your rights in relation to it.
The Information We Collect
The Good Search, LLC is an executive search and recruiting research firm which collects, uses, and stores the personal data necessary to provide such services.
Executive Search and Recruiting Research Data
If you are a potential candidate for one of our executive search or recruiting research assignments, categories of personal data we collect may include the following: contact information (email address, address, telephone number), career history, education history, social activities, compensation details (where permitted by applicable legislation), professional experience, languages, photographs, individual capabilities and preferences, personality, character traits, professional style profile, executive competencies, interview notes as well as interview recordings and transcripts of such recordings (if applicable), identification data (civil/marital status, gender, nationality), and contact history. This data may be obtained directly from you, through publicly available sources, and/or third parties such as industry sources and people who provide references (“referees”), your professional networking profile, and news reports.
In order to align our search process with our commitment to ensuring equal opportunities, we may collect information about you (in appropriate circumstances and in accordance with applicable local law) that may be classified as diversity information (such as your ethnic background, gender, disability, age, sexual orientation, religion or beliefs, and/or social-economic background). Additionally, to support our clients’ commitment to ensuring equal opportunities, The Good Search, LLC may share such information with clients.
If you are assessed as part of our recruitment services, we may collect information such as your name and email address, cultural-style background, qualifications, work experience, details regarding your employment, responsibilities at work, your professional views and opinions, as well as any other information and responses you may provide to evaluative measures, surveys, and interviews (including where applicable interview recordings and transcripts of such recordings). Providing additional personal data such as age, gender, and ethnicity is voluntary and will not affect the assessment results.
Referee or Source Data
If you are an individual who provides a personal reference or feedback for a candidate, we may collect and process your contact details, certain professional details (such as title, occupation, qualifications and employment history) and your connection to the candidate. We may collect this information directly from you, the candidate, or from publicly available sources. We will use this information to gather information on the relevant potential candidate such as your connection to, experience with, and opinion about such potential candidates. Any reference or feedback you provide about a candidate would not be attributed to you if shared with third-parties. We may also use your contact details to contact you in relation to any of our services that we believe may be of interest to you.
Client or Supplier Data
If you are a The Good Search, LLC client or supplier, we will collect and use information about your company and individuals within your company for the purposes of fulfilling our obligations to you and furthering our business relationship. Data collected will typically comprise your contact details (such as name, telephone number, email address, job title, and business record related to our services).
How We Use Personal Data
We will not process your personal information in a way that is incompatible with what is outlined in this Privacy Policy and we will use our best efforts to ensure that data is accurate, complete, current, and reliable for its intended use. We may use Personal Information to respond to your inquiries and answer your questions about our Services. We may use your Personal Information in order provide and improve the Services, such as sourcing, identifying, assessing, and retaining talent for executive or board positions and teams, sending you executive or board positions that may be of interest to you, assessing leadership teams and organizations in efforts to improve their performance and culture, providing advisory guidance on needs and trends for our clients, and sharing thought leadership that may be of interest to you. We also may use Personal Information for the purposes of securing our website and IT systems and other business administration purposes, including as necessary to meet our legal and compliance obligations or in connection with regulatory inquiries, audits, legal claims, subpoenas, warrants, or other government/judicial processes or requests.
Candidate and Assessment Data
The data is used in the usual course of our business to provide our services to clients. This may include assessing your suitability for executive and non-executive roles, presenting you as a prospective candidate to potential employers (The Good Search, LLC’s clients), contacting you for an assignment (executive search or recruiting research), or verifying the details of your profile.
Your personal information may also be shared with third parties whom we have engaged to provide services such as education checks and/or background checks, to the extent that the checks performed are appropriate and in accordance with local legislation. This includes our third-party service providers who perform functions on our behalf, such as outsourced document storage providers and interview transcription services, all of whom will be required to process your personal information in accordance with applicable data protection laws and this Privacy Policy. Your personal information may also be shared with Referees or Sources in order to obtain additional information about you so we can provide a more accurate profile to our clients.
Finally, your information may also be shared with any competent law enforcement, regulatory or governmental body, or a court of law if necessary to exercise our legal rights, protect your interests or as required by applicable law.
Referee or Source Data
We will use the collected data to obtain information regarding your experience with, and thoughts and opinions on a particular or potential candidate. If a candidate provides us with your details as a Referee, we may share your contact information with our clients to allow them to evaluate a candidate for a specific position. We may also use your contact details to contact you in relation to any of our services that we believe may be of interest to you.
Client or Supplier Data
The data collected will be used in the context of the provision of our or your services. We may also use the data for other business purposes, including data analytics, benchmarking and statistic purposes. We may use the personal data collected to contact you in relation to any of our services that we believe may be of interest to you.
Intellectual Capital
We may contact you from time to time to share intellectual capital and thought leadership that we have published which we believe could be of interest to you or relevant to your role at your organization. You may opt out of receiving these communications at any time.
Gatherings
From time to time we may contact you with an invitation to attend an industry or company event. You may opt out of receiving these invitations at any time.
Market Intelligence
We may retain and use personal information for research, benchmarking, and market norms in order to provide and develop our services and intellectual capital, and remain aligned with market standards.
Legal basis for processing your personal information
The Good Search, LLC’s legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this policy will depend on the personal information and processing activity involved and the context in which it was obtained.
Executive Search
We will process basic personal information about you, such as your contact details (name, address, email, phone number) and information that would normally be included in a resume or curriculum vitae (education history, employment history, professional experience, compensation history where permitted by local law, etc.), and competencies, as well as any additional information that may assist us in presenting the best individuals for the most appropriate roles (such as professional or relocation interests) on the basis of legitimate interest, or other legal grounds (such as consent) where required by applicable local legislation, provided the processing of such information is not overridden by your own privacy interests or your rights and freedoms as provided by law.
Once we proceed to the later stages of the search process, we will ask you to sign a consent form allowing us to process (and share with our clients and background check providers if relevant and necessary to the search process) any information required for background checks and/or employment diversity requirements, including any potentially sensitive information that may come to light during interviews as well as any insights that we may provide to our clients based on the foregoing.
If we are unable to obtain your consent at the relevant stage of the process, any information we process for employment diversity requirements shall be done on the basis of reasons of substantial public interest, or applicable laws and/or the requirements imposed by local authorities.
We will process your contact information and details about your employment and background (as detailed above) on the basis of legitimate interest, or other legal grounds (such as consent) where required by applicable local legislation, in order to provide our services to our clients.
Interviews
In order to facilitate the interview processes for our Executive Search Services, we may request to record the interview session, which will then be transcribed by a third party to ensure the information obtained is entirely accurate for our review. In the event of a planned recorded interview session, we will obtain your consent prior to recording.
If you require any further information concerning the legal basis on which we process your personal information, you may contact us at privacy@tgsus.com.
Information Security and Integrity
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain the accuracy of data, and ensure the proper use of information, The Good Search, LLC has implemented appropriate legal, physical, technical, and security procedures to protect the confidentiality of and safeguard the personal information collected, and prevent against accidental loss, unauthorized access, or unlawful processing. These measures will be reviewed over time and updated to remain aligned with legal and technological developments.
Retention
The Good Search, LLC will retain your personal data only for as long as the data is needed in connection with the purposes for which is it being collected and used. The following criteria will be used to guide us when retaining your information:
We will retain personal data for as long as we maintain an active relationship with you;
Once our relationship with you has ended, your personal data may still be relevant for our current or future legitimate business purposes. For example, we may be required to retain certain personal information for our business records if you have been placed into a role by us, or for us to be able to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights;
Certain data may be required to be stored in order to show we are compliant and have fulfilled our obligations towards our clients or to continue meeting any of our obligations once we have completed a client assignment in which you may have been involved.
Your Rights
You have the right to access, erase, correct, update or complete your personal data, or to request no further contact from The Good Search, LLC. Additionally, you have the right to request the transfer of your personal data to a third party, to object to the processing of your personal information, to ask us to restrict our processing of your personal information, or to withdraw your consent at any time. If you wish to exercise any of these rights you may contact privacy@tgsus.com.
Should you request that we remove your personal information from our database, please note that we may retain a minimal amount of personal information about you to record your wish for your data to be removed, and to keep a record of the information disclosed to our clients. If deletion (or anonymization if applicable) of your personal data is not possible (for example because your personal information has been stored in backup archives) then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
If we have collected and processed your personal information on the basis of your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect any processing performed prior to your withdrawal nor will it affect processing on the basis of lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Finally, you have the right to bring a complaint to the relevant data protection authority in your jurisdiction about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information on how to lodge a complaint, please contact your local data protection authority.
Material Changes to the Privacy Policy
The Good Search, LLC reserves the right to modify or amend the Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. If there are material changes to the Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here and take appropriate measures to keep you informed. Please check this Privacy Policy from time to time to stay informed.
If you have any questions about your personal information, please email The Good Search, LLC at privacy@tgsus.com.
Cookies & IP address Policy
The Good Search, LLC may use browser cookies on this website. Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. We use cookies to provide a higher quality, more relevant, user experience by storing user preferences and monitoring user trends, as well as to deliver services requested by you.
By using our website www.tgsus.com you accept the use of cookies in accordance with this Cookie Policy.
If you do not accept the use of these cookies please disable them by following the instructions in http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/ or by changing your browser settings as indicated below so that cookies from this website cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device.
Which cookies do we use?
We use customized and proprietary JavaScript code provided by third-party integrated platforms including, but not limited to, Google Analytics to collect and transmit visitor information to their servers. When a user visits www.tgsus.com, this code contacts the respective third-party platforms’ servers and sends the aforementioned data. This data is stored, devoid of personally identifiable information, on the third-party server for the purposes of analysis that will be used to improve and provide contextual experiences to site visitors.
Necessary cookies – These cookies are essential for you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Use of cookies may also allow us to automate entry into password-protected portions of the site so that you will not need to re-enter your password each time you visit our site.
Functionality cookies – These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make and provide enhanced, more personalized features. They may also be used to provide services in the way you have specified, such as collating data in a report.
Performance cookies – These cookies collect information about how you use our website, for instance, which pages you visit and how often. These cookies do not collect information that identifies you. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve our website and the service we provide to you.
We may also perform IP lookups to determine your domain to more accurately gauge our users’ demographics. The Good Search, LLC also monitors IP addresses for security purposes, trend analysis, website administration, user movement tracking and broad demographic information gathering for aggregate use. The IP address of the computer you use to access www.tgsus.com is not linked to any personal information you otherwise provide to us.
How to control cookies?
With most internet browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored on your computer. Please refer to your browser instructions (usually located within the “Help”, “Tools” or “Edit” facility) or a help screen to learn more about these functions and how to use them. Please be advised that certain sections or functionalities of the site may be inaccessible to you if your browser does not accept cookies.
For further information on cookies, including how to see which cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Search
Search for:
Recent Posts
Why Local Hiring Is More Important Than Ever with COVID-19
Webinar Etiquette: Do You Want to See My Face?
7 Warning Signs You Really Need a Retained Executive Search Firm
How to Avoid Using Executive Search Firms
What Does Executive Search Cost?
Categories
Blog
Career Advice
Case Studies
Diversity
Executive Search
FAQ
Good Reads
News
Trends
The Good Search TagsBlog
Career Advice
Case Studies
Diversity
Executive Search
FAQ
Good Reads
News
Trends
Send this to a friendSendCancel
This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to our Privacy & Cookies Policy.OkPrivacy policy