http://theblueridgehighlander.com/legal/index.php
Home
Magazine & Road Trips
Georgia Mountains
Carolina Mountains
Tennessee Mountains
Great Mountain Destinations
Lodging
Arts - Entertainment
Shopping
Great Mountain Retreats
Dining - Pubs
Vineyards & Wineries
Micro Breweries
Adventure - Recreation
Fun Things to Do
Free Brochures - Info
Travel Information
Realtors & Builders
Real Estate Listings
Local Services
Follow us on...
Become a Fan...
Mountain Blogs...
Mountain Events
& Festivals
Sign up for
Highlander Newsletter
It's real simple, we don't steal from anyone...
Therefore we don't want anyone to steal from us.
That's fair isn't it?
We created this site as a creative outlet and a way to earn a living. As you can see from the amount of work in this site, we work really hard to provide a beautiful and creative point of view of the mountains for people like you to enjoy.
Feel free to recommend this site to a friend, print out a copy of a story, information or directions to find your favorite waterfall or restaurant for your enjoyment and personal use.
You are not allowed to plagiarize, copy, download or steal any artwork, animation, graphics, photos, images or copy (text) from this site to use in your site or anyone else's site or any other type of marketing, advertising or publication that you are creating.
All intellectual property and creative works within the Blue Ridge Highlander are the copyright of the Blue Ridge Highlander and its owners, all rights reserved. We take copyright very seriously and we have digitally watermarked everything with a means to trace it. We reserve all rights and we will prosecute accordingly.
If you are unfamiliar with the copyright laws, you can check them out here Library of Congress and Copyright Law, don't assume you understand them without getting proper legal advice.
Any information we have collected from the National Forest Services and State Parks we are using with permission of these organization.
Some of our advertisers provide us with logos, photos or artwork for their ads, our contract with that advertiser, makes it their responsibility to use only materials within that ad, that they have the permission to use. If you see any infractions on the behalf of an advertiser, please inform that advertiser and notify us as well, we will address the issue.
Our God given creativity and original work is what makes us unique. We encourage you to explore your own creativity within, it is a lot more rewarding than stealing from us.
ADVERTISEMENTS
The Blue Ridge Highlander, Inc takes no responsibility for Advertisers on this site.
The Businesses on the Blue Ridge Highlander pay to advertise on the Blue Ridge Highlander.  They are not owned or operated by the Blue Ridge Highlander. The Blue Ridge Highlander, Inc. can't and won't be held responsible for any liability involving any of these businesses.
Sign
up for the Blue Ridge Highlander Newsletter, Messages from the Mountains
to find out first about our new feature stories, road trips and special offers
Your e-mail addresses will not be sold or given away to anyone.
Highlander Privacy
Policy
Let our visitors tell you about the Highlander...
Click the feathers to go to the Highlander site
map...
Sign
up for the Blue Ridge Highlander Newsletter, Messages from the Mountains
to find out first about our new feature stories, road trips and special offers
Your e-mail addresses will not be sold or given away to anyone.
Highlander Privacy Policy
Let our visitors tell you about the Highlander...
Click the feathers to go to the Highlander site
map...
Highlander Special Interests
Great Mountain Attractions and Destinations      Links to All Highlander Advertisers
Blue Ridge Highlander Mountain Emporium  Art Gallery  Photo Gallery  Handmade Products  Book Store
Magazine, Virtual Tours and Scenic Road Trips    Creative Mountain Classes     Just for Kids
Living Green and Eco Friendly in the Mountains     Gardening in the Mountains      Mountain Recipes
Mountain and Native American History     Nathanael O. Smith - Storyteller     Mysteries, Myths and Legends in the Mountains
Mountain Cathedral     Charities and Fundraisers
Great Mountain Retreats
Adventure  -   Art  -   Cooking  -   Corporate  -   Family  -   Friend  -   Yoga  -   Wellness  -   Youth
Learn More About the Towns and Cities in
the Mountains
North Georgia Mountains     Western North Carolina Mountains
Up Country South Carolina     Tennessee River Valley and Mountains
Great Smoky Mountains     Blue
Ridge Parkway
Move to or Invest in the Mountains
Real Estate  -   Log Homes  -   Cabins  -   Homes  -   Land  -   Acreage  -   Commercial Real Estate
North Georgia Mountain Real Estate     Western North Carolina Real Estate
Tennessee River Valley and Smoky Mountain Real Estate
Traveling - Living - Enjoying the Mountains
Log Cabin Rentals  -   Vacation Rentals  -   Resorts   -   Condos   -   Inns   -   Hotels   -   Bed and Breakfasts
North Georgia Mountain Lodging     Western North Carolina Lodging     Tennessee River Valley Lodging
Plan a Mountain Wedding or Gatherings     Conference, Meeting and Retreat Facilities
Vineyards  -   Wineries  -   Tasting Rooms     Agri-Tourism     Farmer's Markets
Yoga Retreats - Spas in the Mountains
Events and Festivals in the Mountains     Theatre  -   Concerts  -   Mountain Entertainment
Restaurants, Dining and Catering in the Mountains
Shopping in the Mountains     Blue Ridge Highlander Mountain Emporium and Art Gallery
Artists, Art Galleries and Art Associations in the Mountains     Museums, History and Culture in the Mountains
Family Fun in the Mountains     Just for Kids
Adventure and Outdoor Fun in the Mountains
Mountain Adventure     Horseback Riding, Stables and Trails     Mountain Bike Trails
White Water Rafting and Adventure     Zipline  -   Canopy Tours     Fishing in the Mountains
Boating and Marinas      Camping and RV Parks     ORV Adventures
Scenic Mountain Drives     Mountain Golf Courses     Mountain Day Use and Picnic Areas
National Parks in the Mountains     National Forest Service in the Mountains     State Parks in the Mountains
Waterfalls in the Mountains     Lakes in the Mountains     Rivers, Creeks and Trout Streams in the Mountains
Nature and Wildlife in the Mountains     Mountain Birding     Hiking Trails in the Mountains
More Information
Home     Site Map     Advertise on the Highlander     Link to the Highlander     Contact the Publisher
Legal     Privacy Policy     Copyright Policy
designed, produced and hosted by
The Blue Ridge Highlander logo, all photography, design, graphics, artwork,
writing, digital images, etc are the
Copyright ©
of C. Wayne Dukes and Sherry Bell Dukes. 1996 - 2017, except where otherwise
stated. All rights reserved, reproduction,
downloading, and/or
duplication of any sort is strictly prohibited, all violations will be prosecuted. Legal Policy.
If
you have any questions, or comments, regarding this site, e-mail the Highlander.