http://theblueridgehighlander.com/privacy_policy/index.php
Menu
The most comprehensive guide to the Mountains...
Home
Magazine • Road Trips
Georgia Mountains
Carolina Mountains
Tennessee Mountains
Great Mtn Destinations
Cabins & Campgrounds
Arts
- Entertainment
Shopping
Great Mtn Retreats
Restaurants & Eateries
Apple Orchards
Vineyards & Wineries
Pubs & Micro Breweries
Distilleries
Adventure - Recreation
Fun Things to Do
Excursion Trains
Real Estate & Builders
Real Estate Listings
Travel Information
Wedding & Event Venues
Featured Videos
Free Brochures & Info
Privacy Policy of the Blue Ridge Highlander, Inc.
Each and every newsletter sent out by the Highlander has an unsubscribe on the bottom, feel free to use this to remove your name from our mailing list. Or if you prefer, just send an email to us and we will remove you from the list.
Spam is one of the most annoying side effects
of email, and it is never our intention to send any email to anyone that
doesn't have an interest in it.
When you sign up for the mailing list of
the Blue Ridge Highlander your information will not be shared, sold or
used by any 3rd party. If you have received an email from us regarding
the magazine it is because either you or someone you know submitted your
name to our mailing list. If you prefer not to receive any emails from
us, that is no problem just remove your name from our data base, and
we apologize for the inconvenience.
Also, just for the record, there is a new
method of spam where unethical people scan the internet for popular email
addresses to pretend to send their spam. We don't ever send any emails
that aren't specifically about the Blue Ridge Highlander, so if you get
any of these, open your "view" and go to headers and you will
see where it really came from. Again, we apologize for any inconvenience
we don't have any more control over these idiots than you do, hopefully
some day these problems will stop, I know I am looking forward to it.
We have a spam blocker, set up rules to get rid of as many as we can
and that is an everyday effort to add to it, so I know how you feel.
Sign
up for the Blue Ridge Highlander Newsletter, Messages from the Mountains
to find out first about our new feature stories, road trips and special offers
Your e-mail addresses will not be sold or given away to anyone.
Highlander Privacy Policy
Let our visitors tell you about the Highlander...
Click the feathers to go to the Highlander site
map...
Highlander Special Interests
Great Mountain Attractions and Destinations
Blue Ridge Highlander Art Gallery - Mountain Emporium - Photo Gallery - Handmade Products -  Book Store
Magazine, Virtual Tours and Scenic Road Trips    Creative Mountain Classes     Just for Kids
Living Green and Eco Friendly in the Mountains     Gardening in the Mountains      Mountain Recipes
Mountain and Native American History     Nathanael O. Smith - Storyteller     Mysteries, Myths and Legends in the Mountains
Mountain Cathedral     Charities and Fundraisers
Great Mountain Retreats
Adventure  •  Art  •  Cooking  •  Corporate  •  Family  •  Friend  •  Yoga  •  Wellness  •  Youth
Learn More About the Towns and Cities in
the Mountains
North Georgia Mountains     Western North Carolina Mountains
Up Country South Carolina     Tennessee River Valley and Mountains
Great Smoky Mountains     Blue
Ridge Parkway
Move to or Invest in the Mountains
Real Estate  •  Log Homes  •  Cabins  •  Homes  •  Land  •  Acreage  •  Commercial Real Estate
North Georgia Mountain Real Estate     Western North Carolina Real Estate
Tennessee River Valley and Smoky Mountain Real Estate
Traveling • Living • Enjoying the Mountains
Log Cabin Rentals  •  Campgrounds  •  Vacation Rentals
North Georgia Mountain Lodging  •  Western North Carolina Lodging  •  Tennessee River Valley Lodging
Farmer's Markets  •  Events and Festivals in the Mountains
Restaurants, Dining and Catering in the Mountains
Shopping in the Mountains     Blue Ridge Highlander Mountain Emporium and Art Gallery
Artists, Art Galleries and Art Associations in the Mountains     Museums, History and Culture in the Mountains
Family Fun in the Mountains     Just for Kids
Adventure and Outdoor Fun in the Mountains
Mountain Adventure     Horseback Riding, Stables and Trails     Mountain Bike Trails
White Water Rafting and Adventure     Zipline  •  Canopy Tours     Fishing in the Mountains
Boating and Marinas      Camping and RV Parks     ORV Adventures
Scenic Mountain Drives     Mountain Golf Courses     Mountain Day Use and Picnic Areas
National Parks in the Mountains     National Forest Service in the Mountains     State Parks in the Mountains
Waterfalls in the Mountains     Lakes in the Mountains     Rivers, Creeks and Trout Streams in the Mountains
Nature and Wildlife in the Mountains     Mountain Birding     Hiking Trails in the Mountains
More Information
Home     Site Map     Advertise on the Highlander     Link to the Highlander     Contact the Publisher
Legal     Privacy Policy     Copyright Policy
Site Map
designed, produced and hosted by
The Blue Ridge Highlander logo, all photography, design, graphics, artwork, writing, digital images, etc are the
Copyright © of C. Wayne Dukes and Sherry Bell Dukes.  1996 - 2020, except where otherwise stated. All rights reserved, reproduction, downloading, and/or duplication of any sort is strictly prohibited, all violations will be prosecuted. Legal Policy.  If you have any questions, or comments, regarding this site, e-mail the Highlander.
BlueRidgeHighlander.com ©