https://thecyphersagency.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy for thecyphersagency.com - Cyphers Agency
team
about
case studies
blogs
deep ad thoughts blog
tca push ‘n pull blog
careers
press
services
home
Menu
team
about
case studies
blogs
deep ad thoughts blog
tca push ‘n pull blog
careers
press
services
home
888.412.7469
privacy policy
The Cyphers Agency, Inc. (“Cyphers Agency”) operates thecyphersagency.com and may operate other websites. It is Cyphers Agency’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Cyphers Agency collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Cyphers Agency’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Cyphers Agency’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Cyphers Agency may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Cyphers Agency also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on thecyphersagency.com blogs/sites. Cyphers Agency only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Cyphers Agency’s websites choose to interact with Cyphers Agency in ways that require Cyphers Agency to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Cyphers Agency gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at thecyphersagency.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Cyphers Agency are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Cyphers Agency collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Cyphers Agency. Cyphers Agency does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Cyphers Agency may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Cyphers Agency may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Cyphers Agency does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Cyphers Agency discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Cyphers Agency’s behalf or to provide services available at Cyphers Agency’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Cyphers Agency’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Cyphers Agency will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Cyphers Agency discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Cyphers Agency believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Cyphers Agency, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Cyphers Agency website and have supplied your email address, Cyphers Agency may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Cyphers Agency and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Cyphers Agency takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Cyphers Agency uses cookies to help Cyphers Agency identify and track visitors, their usage of Cyphers Agency website, and their website access preferences. Cyphers Agency visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Cyphers Agency’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Cyphers Agency’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Cyphers Agency, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Cyphers Agency goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Cyphers Agency may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Cyphers Agency and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Cyphers Agency may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Cyphers Agency’s sole discretion. Cyphers Agency encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a thecyphersagency.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
1682 Village Green
Crofton, MD 21114
888.412.7469
410.280.5451
410.280.5452
info@thecyphersagency.com
contact us to get started on a project, find out more or ask a question
connect with us on social media
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Linkedin
Subscribe to our email newsletter
Privacy Policy | Site Map
© The Cyphers Agency, Inc. All Rights Reserved.