https://thedillonagency.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Private Investigator
Have questions?
We're here to help.
(615) 455-8163
Email Us
PRIVACY POLICY
Nashville Investigative Services –Private Investigator, knows and understands how important it is to provide our clients with the strictest level of confidentiality. This is why were committed to our client’s privacy. When we say Discreet, Reliable, Effective we mean it.
Under both Tennessee and California law, clients of licensed private investigators enjoy a certain level of protection when it comes to confidentiality issues. Most people have heard of the “Attorney-Client Confidentially Laws”: Nashville Investigative Services – Private Investigator is not only mandated by a similar law but we have taken it to the next step.
Our promise to you – No employee of Nashville Investigative Services – Private Investigator will release any information pertaining to you, your case, or any portion of your case without your consent. What this means to you. If someone was to contact us and question us regarding you or your case not only would we not release any information about you, we would also deny you’re a client of ours. Absent an order of the court, our staff will not even release information to law enforcement agencies without your permission. If an attorney represents you, our investigation and work product may provide you with even further protection. Our Investigators will always go the extra mile to protect your right to confidentially.
Contact us to schedule a no cost and no obligation consultation, contact Nashville Investigative Services
Contact Nashville Investigative Services to receive your free consultation today!
Contact Us Today for a Free Consultation
(615) 455-8163
Email Us
Main Menu | Services Cheating Spouse
Surveillance
Missing Persons
Litigation Services
Background Checks
Family Law
Employee Theft
Additional Links Commercial
Privacy Policy
Home
Services
Company Profile
Case Results
Contact Us