https://theexpogroup.com/privacy-policy/
CONTACT US
Recent Spotlights
Wired For Wonder
Our new e-book Wired for Wonder by NeuroCognitive Fitness founder Dee O'Neill explains how using brain science principles can lead to more compelling, memorable and positive experiences for participants in events and trade shows.
Engagement Strategies for Hybrid/Virtual Events
Learn from emcee and expert human connector Thom Singer how your next event – especially if it’s gone virtual now! – can engage audience members for a richer, more compelling experience.
Creative Success
When the University of Kentucky faced a daunting challenge to generate private funds they turned to Level5 Events by The Expo Group to produce an emotionally charged experience that moved this important audience to give.
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which The Expo Group Inc. (“TEG”, “we” or “us”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each referred to as a “User” or as “you”) of the theexpogroup.com website and any related technology (the “Website”) and/or any services or products provided or sold by TEG (collectively, the “Services”). This privacy policy applies to the Website and all Services offered by TEG. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
Information we collect stays with TEG. Any User information collected by TEG will only be used to improve your TEG experience. This Privacy Policy describes how TEG collects, uses, shares and secures the personal information you provide.
PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION:
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our Website, register on the website, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Website. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, phone number, as well as credit card, address, and other payment information in connection with payment for Services. Users may, however, visit our Website anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personal information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Website related activities.
If you are subject to the jurisdiction of the European Union, please see your General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Personal Data Notice.
COOKIES:
TEG and our analytics or service providers use cookies or similar tracking technologies. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the Website, tracking users’ movements around the Website and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. We use cookies to remember Users’ settings and for testing. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Website, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Website may be limited.
LOG FILES:
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data.
We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to for purposes of analytics and to improve Website functionality.
WIDGETS:
Our Website may include Social Media Features, such as showing a Twitter feed. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION:
TEG may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes: (i) to improve customer service, (ii) to help us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently, (iii) to personalize User experience, (iv) to understand how our Users as a group use the Services and resources provided on our Website, (v) to improve our Website and Services and to improve and create new products and services, (vi) to run a promotion, contest, survey or other Website feature, (vii) to send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them, (viii) to send periodic emails, and (ix) to respond via email to User inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
If a User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails not related to their transactions, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email and you may also unsubscribe within your profile settings.
UPDATING/CORRECTING PERSONAL INFORMATION:
Upon request we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our Services, you may access, update, or delete it by making the change through the contact details mentioned above. We will respond to your request to access within a reasonable time frame. We partner with a third party to display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising click here [or if located in the European Union click here]. Please note you will continue to receive generic ads.
DATA RETENTION:
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us at privacy@theexpogroup.com. We will retain and use your information to the extent necessary and permissible under applicable law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION:
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Website. Sensitive and private data exchange between the Website and its Users happens over an SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. No method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at privacy@theexpogroup.com.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION:
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share aggregated information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Website or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
We may also disclose your personal information as required by law such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. If TEG is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
THIRD PARTIES:
Users may find advertising or other content on our Website that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Website. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Website, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that we do not own or control, including but not limited to any third party websites, services and applications, including credit card payment processors. We cannot take responsibility for the content or privacy policies of any third party.
BLOGS AND FORMS:
Our Website may offer publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at privacy@theexpogroup.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
TESTIMONIALS:
We may from time to time display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our site in addition to other endorsements. With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at privacy@theexpogroup.com.
COLLECTION AND USE OF 3RD PARTY PERSONAL INFORMATION:
You may provide personal information about other people, such as their name, email address, phone number and job title. When you provide us with personal information about your contacts we will only use this information for the specific reason for which it is provided. If you believe that one of your contacts has provided us with your personal information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us at privacy@theexpogroup.com.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY:
TEG has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. If we make any change in how we use your personal information we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Website prior to the change becoming effective.
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS:
By using this Website, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Website. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
CONTACTING US:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of TEG or this Website, or your dealings with TEG or this Website, please contact us at: The Expo Group, Information Services, 5931 W. Campus Circle Dr., Irving, Texas 75063, or by email at privacy@theexpogroup.com.
GOVERNING LANGUAGE:
This Privacy Policy is entered into in the English language. Any translation prepared for any reason shall be a non-binding accommodation of no legal effect, and the English version of this Privacy Policy shall govern. All communications with respect to this Privacy Policy shall be in the English language. Without limiting the generality of this provision, User acknowledges that: (i) it shall not assert any claim based upon any translation or any discrepancy or purported discrepancy between such translation and this English-language version of this Privacy Policy; and (ii) any such translation shall not be used to interpret this Privacy Policy.
×
Close
×
Close
×
GET ACCESS
×
GET ACCESS
First Name *
Last Name *
This Field is Required
Email *
This Field is Required
Please fix the error(s) above
×
GET ACCESS
×
GET ACCESS