https://thegundcompany.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for www.thegundcompany.com and the private organization, The Gund Company Inc., (The Gund Company) owner of the domain name, www.thegundcompany.com.
Cookies
The Gund Company utilizes cookies for some functions of its web site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user.
To make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most websites do this.
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.
How to Control Cookies
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/ You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
Links
This web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware The Gund Company is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of web sites that collect personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site. While other web sites may establish links to our site, we disclaim any responsibility for any material linked to our site. Solely for the purpose of providing access to information of potential utility to users, links may appear on this site to allow direct access to such information. We do not monitor or review the content of such independently operated sites. Their inclusion is neither intended nor understood to constitute any implied or express approval or acceptance of the validity of the information contained in such independent sites and is not intended nor should it be understood by the user as an endorsement or recommendation of any of the information, products, or manufacturers identified in those independently operated sites.
Sharing
We will only share aggregated demographic information with our own officers, governors and management staff. This information is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. The Gund Company does not sell any lists or contact information regarding our clients to any third parties. Certain information is being shared with the third party service provider who hosts our website and furnishes software used in the development and maintenance of the website and is necessary for the third party to provide these services. The third party is not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our website.
Security
This web site takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the web site, your information is protected both online and off-line. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need to know the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Periodically, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and reminded about the importance we place on privacy and what they can do to ensure our clients’ information is protected. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. If, however, we are going to use users’ personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify users via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our website notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post a notice, we will also email users who have opted to receive communications from us and notify them of the changes in our privacy practices.
The Gund Company offers this Web site, including all information, software, products and services available from this Web site or offered as part of or in conjunction with this Web site (the “Web site”), to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all of the terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here. The Gund Company Inc. reserves the right to make changes to these Terms and Conditions immediately by posting the changed Terms and Conditions in this location.
Your continued use of the Web site constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions and notices, and any changes to the Terms and Conditions made by The Gund Company Inc..
The term ‘thegundcompany.com‘ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
Use the website at your own risk. This website is provided to you “as is,” without warranty of any kind either express or implied. Neither The Gund Company its employees, agents, third-party information providers, merchants, licensors or the like warrant that the website or its operation will be accurate, reliable, uninterrupted or error-free. No agent or representative has the authority to create any warranty regarding the Web site on behalf of Generic Website. The Gund Company reserves the right to change or discontinue at any time any aspect or feature of the Web site.
About UsLocations
About Us
Careers
Technical Library
Copyright © 2020 The Gund Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved