https://thehedgefundjournal.com/privacy-policy/
Hedge Fund Publishing Limited
As publisher of The Hedge Fund Journal (THFJ)
Effective Date: from 25 May 2018
We need to tell you about the types of data we process about you, what we do with your data, and why we do it. The purpose of this Notice is to provide you (whether you are a subscriber, reader or other third party) with helpful information in this regard.
This Privacy Notice explains how theHFJ collect, use and disclose your personal data, and your rights in relation to the personal data each hold.
In this Privacy Notice, “us”, “we” and “our” is the data controller of your personal data and is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the “GDPR”) and any locally applicable data protection laws.
For all queries regarding this Privacy Notice:
Telephone
+44 (0)207 278 3385
Email
rod.sparks@thehedgefundjournal.com
This Privacy Notice supersedes any previous Privacy Notice or equivalent which you may have been provided with or seen prior to the Effective Date stated above.
Your rights
Under the GDPR you have the following rights:
To obtain access to, and copies of, the personal data that we hold about you;
To require that we cease processing your personal data if the processing is causing you damage or distress;
To require us not to send you marketing communications;
To require us to erase your personal data;
To require us to restrict our data processing activities;
To receive from us the personal data we hold about you which you have provided to us, in a reasonable format specified by you, including for the purpose of you transmitting that personal data to another data controller; and
To require us to correct the personal data we hold about you if it is incorrect.
Please note that the above rights are not absolute, and we may be entitled to refuse requests where exceptions apply.
If you have any questions about how we use your personal data, or you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us as follows:
Write
The Hedge Fund Journal,
32 Duncan Terrace,
London N1 8BS
Email
rod.sparks@thehedgefundjournal.com
Telephone
+44 (0)207 278 3385
If you are not satisfied with how we are processing your personal data, you can make a complaint to www.ico.org.uk.
How we collect your data
We collect your personal data in a number of ways, for example:
From the information you provide to us when you meet, call/email us;
When you communicate with us in writing, by telephone, fax, website registration, email or other forms of electronic communication. In this respect, we may monitor, record and store any such communication;
The categories of personal data we collect
We collect the following categories of personal data about you:
Your name and contact information such as your home or business address, email address and telephone number;
Your banking details where you supply services to us.
(i) Legitimate interests
We also process your personal data because it is necessary for our legitimate interests
In this respect, we use your personal data for the following:
For the provision of legitimate services as a publisher;
For marketing to you. In this respect, see the separate section on Marketing below;
Training our staff or monitoring their performance;
For the administration and management of our business, including recovering money you owe us, and archiving or statistical analysis;
(ii) Legal obligations
We also process your personal data for our compliance with a legal obligation which we are under.
In this respect, we will use your personal data to meet our compliance and regulatory obligations, such as compliance with anti-money laundering laws;
Marketing
We will send you marketing about services we provide which may be of interest to you, as well as other information in the form of alerts, newsletters and invitations to events or functions which we believe might be of interest to you or in order to update you with information which we believe may be relevant to you.
We will communicate this to you in a number of ways including by post, telephone, email or other digital channels. If you object to receiving marketing from us at any time, please contact us:
Write
The Hedge Fund Journal,
32 Duncan Terrace,
London N1 8BS
Email
rod.sparks@thehedgefundjournal.com
Telephone
+44 (0)207 278 3385
If you have given consent and you wish to withdraw it at any time, please contact us.
Retention of your data
We keep personal data in accordance with our internal retention procedures, which are determined in accordance with our regulatory obligations and good practice. These retention periods depend on the nature of the information (for example, we apply different retention periods to our staff information as opposed to information on our readers or subscribers) and are subject to change.
If you have any questions in this regard, or any concerns about how long we keep your information for, please contact us.
Privacy Policy
Subscription
Become a subscriber. Make informed decisions.
Subscription Options
£1495