https://theleafman.com.au/terms-conditions/
The Leafman Protection Against Leaf, Birds, Vermin & Fire Damage Gutter Guard | The Leaf Man Gutter Guard
Skip to content
The Leaf Man Gutter Guard
Australian Made QUALITY POWDER COATED BHP STEEL - Available Nationwide - Contact Us For Your Free Gutter Assessment & Quote!
1300 888 743
Contact
Click for Quote
Available Australia Wide
HOME
About
Benefits Of Gutter Guard
Profiles
The Leaf Man Profile Brochure
Tile Roofing Range
Corrugated Roofing Range
Flat Metal Roofing Range
Residential
Commercial
Trade
Information
CONTACT US
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
ONLINE STORE
For Your Free Gutter Assessment And Quote!
CALL TODAY!
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions As of (5/5/2020).Contract of SaleOrders placed for products through theleafman.com.au are subject to the Terms and Conditions as set out on this page. The Leaf Man Pty Ltd reserves the right to accept or reject any order placed, whether in full or part thereof.Only persons 18 years or older may enter into a Contract of Sale with The Leaf Man Pty Ltd.Once a payment has been made for your order, in the form of a full payment and your order is accepted by The Leaf Man Pty Ltd, your Contract of Sale with us becomes immediately binding and you:Agree to and understand the Terms and Conditions as set by The Leaf Man Pty Ltd;Ensure all details included in the booking, in regard to contact details, are correct and used on a regular basis;PricingPrices for products are quoted in Australian dollars and include GST where applicable. Prices do not include Delivery charges and/or other fees. Pricing is subject to change at any time and without notice. We will endeavor to ensure pricing is correct and up to date, however If an error has occurred with pricing or during the Payment process, you will have the opportunity to either cancel or reconfirm your order at the correct pricing. The Leaf Man Pty Ltd reserves the right to cancel your order in the event you are unreachable.PaymentPayment methods are provided securely through PayPal, accepting both credit cards & debit cards. We also accept Electronic Funds Transfer and bank deposit (custom orders). Payment is only received, and a Contract of Sale made when all funds have cleared into our account. Payments must be made lawfully, and any transactions deemed suspicious or flagged as fraudulent will be cancelled immediately and reported as necessary.If a product is in stock, full payment must be made once the order is placed to enable receipt or delivery of goods.For all other Products (custom orders) a deposit may be required, and in the case of Custom Orders, production will not begin until 24 hours after payment and or deposit has cleared and received. Once the order has been processed, payment in full will be required to be paid prior to receipt or delivery of goods.Risk & TitleAll risk and title for products purchased passes on to you upon receipt or delivery of goods, once payment has been made and received in our account.CollectionCollection from our warehouses (Blacktown, Braemar NSW) may be available. Please contact us for more information and to book in a collection time.DeliveryUpon placement of your order, you will be given:– The option of choosing your required Courier / Delivery Service;– A quote for your choice of delivery method and pricing;– An approximate delivery date.– In order for goods to be dispatched from our warehouse, you must ensure:– Payment for the balance of goods and delivery charges have been made and funds have been cleared into our account in full prior to the delivery date;– Contact details given are correct and up to date;DelayThe Leaf Man Pty Ltd endeavors to have your order dispatched to you within a reasonable timeframe, as indicated using your estimated arrival date. In the event of a delay due to unforeseen circumstances, our Support Team will be in touch with an alternative arrangement. The Leaf Man Pty Ltd holds no liability for any loss, damage or delay that incurs as a result of such circumstances beyond our reasonable control.CancellationsPlease choose carefully as refunds and exchanges are not permitted for change of mind or incorrect choice nor is The Leaf Man Pty Ltd responsible for any measurements calculated by the customer. If unsure how to calculate the correct number of meters/pieces of gutter guard then contact us prior to your order. Deposits made on custom orders are non-refundable. If you wish to cancel your order or are unable to accept delivery of your products, you agree to pay a cancellation charge of up to the entire purchase price of your order, as well as any applicable costs that may apply due to storage, handling, and restocking, at the sole discretion of The Leaf Man Pty Ltd. Please note that returns, exchanges and refunds are not permitted on any clearance products.Variations & SpecificationsVariations in materials, from characteristics to appearance, may occur from product to product. Samples, showroom products and images should only be considered as an approximate guide as colours may vary slightly. Unless expressly specified in the product description provided on the website, items pictured in the product image may not be included with the product. Please note: Colours displayed may differ depending on your device and viewing angle. The Leaf Man Pty Ltd reserves the right to change prices, dimensions, design and construction without prior notice.Inspection of ProductsProducts must be carefully inspected upon collection or delivery and damages, if any, must be noted on your collection/delivery document before signing off. Any further report for damage or inconsistency of product must be made within 24 hours of receipt of your goods. Please get in touch using our Contact Form to submit your claim in writing and include your order number, delivery date and reasonable details supporting your claim, with a note on the specific products that have been affected. Please note that rejection of any part of your order does not entitle you to make a claim for all products contained in your order.WarrantyThe Leaf Man Pty Ltd Standard Warranty is subject to the guarantees provided under the Australian Consumer Law. You are entitled to a replacement or refund for a major failure and compensation for any other reasonably foreseeable loss or damage. You are also entitled to have the goods repaired or replaced if the goods fail to be of acceptable quality and the failure does not amount to a major failure.RefundsRefunds and exchanges are not permitted due to change of mind or if the product does not meet your expectations. The Leaf Man Pty Ltd holds no obligation to provide a refund, exchange or credit if any damage by a third party has incurred, once you have received your product.InjuryThe Leaf Man Pty Ltd holds takes no responsibility for any injuries that may occur whilst handling or installing the product. Goods edges are sharp and customer receives at their own risk.endeavors to have your order dispatched to you within a reasonable time frame, as indicated using your estimated arrival date. In the event of a delay due to unforeseen circumstances, our Support Team will be in touch with an alternative arrangement. The Leaf Man Pty Ltd holds no liability for any loss, damage or delay that incurs as a result of such circumstances beyond our reasonable control.
Australian Gutter Protection Made For Australian Conditions.
For The Best Gutter Protection Available.
1300 888 743
The Leaf Man Australia Pty Ltd
ABN: 15101029421
LICENCE No: 154808C
Company Details
Manufacturing: 1/17 Gantry Place Braemar NSW 2575
Sales: 10/5 Steel Street Blacktown NSW 2148
Phone: 1300 888 743
sales@theleafman.com.au
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
The Leaf Man Brochure
Profile Flat
Profile Corrugated
Profile Tile
Quick Menu
About Us
Benefits Gutter Guard
Residential
Commercial
Trade
© Copyright 2019 The Leaf Man | All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Website Design 485 Digital
Close Menu
0
×