https://theme2019-granite-construction.pantheonsite.io/newsroom/california-privacy-policy
Skip to main navigation
Company
Leadership
Core Values
Our Brands
Our History
Safety
Sustainability
Contact Us
Our Work
Transportation
Water + Wastewater
Specialty
Federal
Materials
Careers
Professionals
Craft + Skilled Trades
Internships
Life at Granite
Inclusive Diversity
Newsroom
Locations
Investors
Search
Search
Search
Arrow Icon
GRANITE CONSTRUCTION INCORPORATED
California Privacy Policy - Effective as of December 1, 2019
This California Privacy Policy supplements and amends the information contained in our Privacy Policy, Terms of Use and Cookie Policy as set forth above.
Granite Construction Incorporated, its subsidiaries, successors, and affiliated companies over which it has operating control (collectively, “Company,” “us,” or “we”) is committed to protecting the privacy of certain data that is collected about you.  This California Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies solely to individuals, visitors, users, and others who are residents of the State of California (“consumers” or “you”) and describes our policies and practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information we collect about you, including personal information you submit or we obtain when you access the Company website or websites, apps, or other online media under our operation and control (collectively, the “Site”), as well as certain other personal information relating to you.  This California Privacy Policy is adopted to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).  Any terms defined within the CCPA have the same meaning when utilizing within this California Privacy Policy.  Please read this carefully.
Changes to this Policy and Terms. We reserve the right to change this California Privacy Policy at any time. Changes will be effective immediately upon posting to the Site and will apply to your use of the Site and the Company’s practices concerning personal information after the “Effective Date” listed above.  We will include a notice on our website homepage at the time of any such change.
Information We Collect. We may collect personal information in a variety of categories to carry out our business, operate the Site, comply with the law, and other purposes described in the CCPA.
This notice describes the categories of personal information (“PI”) we collect, or have collected, in the preceding 12 months and the purposes for which such PI may be used. We collect "Identifiers" and "other elements", which are described below.
Identifiers
Examples include real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, state identification card number or other similar identifiers.
Other elements
Examples include name, signature, telephone number, employment, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information.
The Company may add to the categories of PI it collects and the purposes it uses PI. In that case, the Company will inform you.
The above categories of PI are or were collected from information provided by you as a consumer or from third-party business sources.
The above categories of PI are collected for the following business or commercial purposes:
Communicating with Consumer
Completing Government reporting requirements
Ensuring security of transactions
Informing Consumers about Company products and services
Sending Consumers marketing communications
Performing audits
Processing transactions
Providing services or goods requested
Responding to consumer inquiries
Responding to law enforcement requests or as required by applicable law
Shipping merchandise to Consumers
The above categories of PI are shared with third-party service providers and the Company's affiliated companies.  The Company does not sell Consumer PI.
The Company has disclosed for a business purpose the following categories of PI in the preceding 12 months: Identifiers and other elements, as described above.
The legal basis for us processing Consumer PI described above will typically be to provide goods and services to you.  However, we may also rely on other legal grounds, for example, where the processing is necessary:
To fulfill a contract that we have in place with you;
For the legitimate business interests of us and our affiliates or partners; or
For compliance with our legal obligations.
Consumer Rights. Pursuant to the CCPA, and as detailed below, Consumers have various rights with respect to their PI.
Right to Request Deletion. You have the right to request the Company delete your PI from the Company’s records and direct any third-party service providers to delete your PI from their records, subject to certain exceptions.
Upon receipt of a verifiable consumer request, the Company will delete and direct any third-party service providers to delete your PI from its records.
The Company is not required to comply with your request to delete your PI if it is necessary for the Company (or its third-party service providers) to maintain your PI in order to:
1)   Complete the transaction for which the PI was collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of the Company’s ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between the Company and you.
2)   Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity.
3)   Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
4)   Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law.
5)   Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act pursuant to Chapter 3.6 (commencing with Section 1546) of Title 12 of Part 2 of the Penal Code.
6)   Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the Company’s deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, if you have provided informed consent.
7)   To enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with the Company.
8)   Comply with a legal obligation.
9)   Otherwise use your PI, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
Right to Request Information. You have the right to request the Company disclose the following to you as it relates to the 12-month period preceding the Company’s receipt of your verifiable consumer request:
1)   The categories of PI the Company has collected about you.
2)   The categories of sources from which the PI is collected.
3)   The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling PI.
4)   The categories of third parties with whom the Company shares PI.
5)   The specific pieces of PI the Company has collected about you.
Upon receipt of a verifiable consumer request, the Company will provide a response to your request for information.
•     Right to Request Information as to Sale or Disclosure for Business Purpose. We do not sell your PI.  You have the right to request the Company disclose the following to you as it relates to the 12-month period preceding the Company’s receipt of your verifiable consumer request:
1)   The categories of PI that the Company collected about you.
2)   The categories of PI that the Company disclosed about you for a business purpose.
Upon receipt of a verifiable consumer request, the Company will provide a response to your request for information as to disclosure for business purpose.
Right to Opt-Out.  While the Company does not sell PI, you still have the right to opt-out of the sale of your PI.  To opt-out, please click the following link to fill out the form, and email to CCPA@gcinc.com.
Submitting Consumer Rights Requests. To submit any of the Consumer Rights requests as outlined above, please contact us, toll-free, at (844) 353-4998, CCPA@gcinc.com or click on the following link to fill out the form, and email to CCPA@gcinc.com. We reserve the right to only respond to verifiable consumer requests.  A verifiable consumer request is one made by any individual who is:
i.    the consumer who is the subject of the request,
ii.   a consumer on behalf of the consumer’s minor child, or
iii.  by a natural person or person registered with the Secretary of State authorized to act on behalf of a consumer.
If the Company requests, you must provide us with sufficient information to verify your identity and/or authority to act on behalf of a Consumer. Additionally, you will need to describe your request with sufficient detail to allow us to review, understand, assess, and respond.  PI collected from an individual to determine whether a request is a verifiable consumer request may not be used for any other purpose. We will endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of receipt, but we may require up to ninety (90) days to respond, under which circumstances we will notify you of the need for an extension.
CA Privacy Policy Links
Consumer CCPA Notice
Granite Consumer Opt-Out Form
Granite Consumer Request Form
Goodbye For Now
You are leaving the Granite Construction website.
You will automatically be redirected to
[link]
momentarily.
Cancel Redirect
Continue
Arrow Icon