https://themotzgroup.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
toggle menu
Our Story
Overview
Our People
Our Legacy
Our Journey
Industry Credibility
Community Impact
Recent Projects
Synthetic Turf Fields
Overview
Synthetic Turf Products
Synthetic Turf Services
Synthetic Turf Programs
Synthetic Turf Maintenance
Natural Grass Fields
Overview
Natural Grass Products
Natural Grass Services
Blog and Resources
Careers
Contact Us
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Jump To HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This site is owned and operated by The Motz Group. Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us.
Because we may gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand our policy and the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
INFORMATION THE MOTZ GROUP GATHERS AND TRACK
The Motz Group gathers information about users through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our sites.
However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual users. The Motz Group does break down overall usage statistics according to a user’s domain name, browser type, and MIME type by reading this information from the browser string (information contained in every user’s browser).
This information allows us to better tailor our content to visitors’ needs and to better understand the demographics of our audience. Under no circumstances does The Motz Group divulge any information about an individual user to a third party.
CHILDREN
Consistent with the Federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent.
USE OF INFORMATION
The Motz Group uses any information voluntarily given by our users to enhance their experience in our network of sites, whether to provide interactive or personalized elements on the sites or to better prepare future content based on the interests of our users.
When we use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don’t like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you. We will not disclose any information about any individual user except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
OPT-OUT POLICY
We give users wherever necessary and practical the option not to participate in certain interactive areas, which completely alleviates the need to gather any personally identifiable information from our users.
YOUR CONSENT
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by The Motz Group. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Have We Piqued Your Curiosity?
Here at The Motz Group, we are constantly learning and growing. We want to pass that knowledge onto you, and give you the tools you need to become a sports turf connoisseur.
See All Frequently Asked Questions
[city_state]