https://themelgroup.co.uk/privacy-and-cookie-policy/
PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY
Our Commitment to Privacy and Your Rights
Your privacy is important to us and we are committed to complying with privacy laws and regulations. Your personal data is protected in the UK by the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) 2018. We strive to provide an environment in which our employees and customers trust us to handle personal data responsibly. Amongst other things this provides provision that the data we hold about you should be processed lawfully and fairly. It should be accurate, relevant and not excessive.  The data should  be kept up to date, where necessary and not retained for longer than is necessary. It should be kept securely to prevent unauthorised access by other people.  We provide this Privacy Notice as part of  our commitment to privacy by describing what personal data we collect, how we use it, how we protect it and with whom we share it. You have the right to see what is held about you and correct any inaccuracies. You can do this by contacting the HR Department.
We may update this Privacy Notice periodically without prior notice, to reflect changes. Updates will be dated and posted on our website.
Website Privacy Disclaimer
This Privacy Notice provides important information about your privacy in connection with your use of our website and affiliated websites. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available in the footer of every web page where it applies. Your use of this website constitutes your agreement with this Privacy Notice and any subsequent updates.  Please read this Privacy Notice carefully before using this website, or any of our other websites. By accessing or using our websites, you agree to the following terms and conditions. You should review these terms and conditions regularly as they may change at any time at our sole discretion. If you do not agree to any term or condition, you should not access or otherwise use our websites. The following terms and conditions apply to all of our websites. “Content" refers to any materials, documents, images, graphics, logos, design, audio, video and any other information provided from, or on our websites.
Terms of Use
The information and content contained in this website has been prepared solely for the purpose of providing information about The MEL Group, its subsidiaries and partners and the services that they offer. Your access to the website is subject to the following terms and conditions. By using  the  website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions and we therefore encourage you to read through the terms and conditions in full. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use the website.
You agree:
to abide by all applicable laws, regulations and codes of conduct when using the website and   to be solely responsible for all things arising from your use of the website
not to use the website in any way which might infringe any rights of any third party, or give rise to a legal claim against The MEL Group by any third party
not to damage, interfere with, or disrupt access to the website, or do anything that may interrupt or impair its functionality
not to obtain, or attempt to obtain, unauthorised access, through whatever means, to the website or other services or computer systems, or areas of our, or any of our partners’, networks which are identified as restricted
not to collect, or store personal data about other users for commercial purposes;
to respect the privacy of your fellow Internet users
to provide true, accurate, complete and current data to us and notify us immediately of any change
Legal Notice
Our website content is provided on an "As is" and "As available" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.
Providing access to our website content, we do not warrant or represent that:
the content is accurate or complete;
the content is up-to-date or current;
we have a duty to update any content;
we may discontinue distributing the site without prior notice;
the content is free from technical inaccuracies;
the content is free from changes caused by third party; and
your access to our website will be free from interruptions, errors, computer viruses or other harmful components
We do not assume any liability for these matters. In other words, you use our website at your own risk. Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall we be liable for any direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages. This includes loss of data or profit arising out of the use or the inability to use the content of this website, even if one of our representatives has been advised of the possibility of your damages.
Neither The MEL Group nor its affiliates shall be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of access to, or use of any content on this site including viruses, regardless of the accuracy or completeness of any such content, you assume the costs to the extent the law allows. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages. In such jurisdictions, our liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
The MEL Group disclaim any control over, relationship with, or endorsement of sites to which the site is linked. Any comments sent to The MEL Group regarding this site, becomes the property of The MEL Group and may be used without limitation.
This Legal Notice shall be governed by United Kingdom law. Any dispute arising out of, or in relation to this Legal Notice that cannot be solved amicably, shall be decided by the United Kingdom Courts.
What We Collect and How We Use It
While visiting our website you may be asked to voluntarily provide personal data in order to accomplish the purpose of your visit. For example, if you are exploring job opportunities you may be asked to provide your name, telephone number, e-mail address, or mailing address, education, work experience and other personal data typically found on a CV. If you are a supplier,  you may be asked to identify  the financial institution you use and provide account numbers. If you are a customer, you will be asked to provide data relevant to the buying of products from our website, using a secure payment method. The specific data that you may choose to provide will depend on the nature of the transaction to be completed and is always provided on a voluntary consent basis.
How Your Data is Protected
We use reasonable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the data you provide to us against loss, misuse, or unauthorised access. All personal data that we collect is protected using industry standard computer security and industrial security practices. You should carefully review the Privacy Notices and practices of other websites, as we cannot control or be responsible for the privacy practices of sites not affiliated to The MEL Group of companies.
Whom We Share Your Data With
Data collected from you will not be shared with third parties for purposes other than in support of our operations and as necessary, to facilitate the purpose for which you provided it. In some cases, we may share the data with service providers retained by the Company to provide services on its behalf (ie the pension provider). These providers will use your data only to accomplish the task for which they have been retained. From whatever place you provide data to this website, you should expect that it will be processed and viewed in the United Kingdom. Your data may also be shared under the following circumstances: if we are required to do so by law enforcement authorities or government agencies and in connection with investigations or other efforts, to prevent illegal activities or pertaining to public safety.
Automatic Collection of Non-Personal Identifiable Data
Our website logs visitor domain and IP addresses automatically; this data only identifies the computer that is being used to view the site, it does not identify you as an individual. We use this data to see where the site is being viewed globally, to better understand the site usage and to enable us to improve our service. Data automatically logged by such means is in no way linked to or with any individuals’ personal data. The collection of non-personally identifiable anonymous visitor data, such as IP addresses, browser types, referring pages, pages visited and time spent on the website. We collect this for the following purposes:
To provide anonymous statistical analysis of traffic patterns on the website
To administer our website and servers
To allow for auditing of our services by third parties
To improve our website
Use of Aggregated Data and Cookies
We may share non-personal aggregate statistical data about our website visitors' traffic patterns with other parties. However, we do not sell any data about individual users to third parties. Cookies are minor pieces of data that are stored on your computer by the server maintaining and operating the website. They store a randomly generated identifying tag on your computer; they do not compromise your privacy or security.
Our policy is to use cookies for the sole purpose of capturing more accurate anonymous analysis such as tracking the date/time of the site visit, the page/s viewed, etc, we do not collect any personal data from website visitors; therefore, we cannot link cookies or combine traffic analysis data with personal data to personal data (ie name, age, telephone number, e-mail address, or mailing address). Most browsers are set up to accept cookies, but you can set your browser to stop cookies being placed on your computer.
To prevent new cookies from being installed and delete existing cookies, the exact procedure depends on which browser you are using. You may refuse the use of cookies and delete existing cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. However, if you do this you may lose some useful functionality such as personalisation and "keep me signed in" and "remember me" features.
Sharing Tools
Our website uses sharing tools to allow you to share content from our website through social networks such as Facebook, or LinkedIn. When you use one of these buttons, the social networking site may place a cookie on your computer.  This would be a third-party cookie set by the social networking site.  If you have any questions about the use of these third-party cookies, you should check the relevant social networking site's cookie policy.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy