https://thenameguy.com/privacy
Skip to content
Legal Mumbo Jumbo
I take your privacy seriously, Blah Blah Blah ... (yawn) ... Let's be clear - I do take your privacy seriously, but this required legal jargon is sure to put you to sleep. Now with that said, if you get off on it - hey, knock yourself out. I'm just covering my ass. My lawyers said I had to put this here.
Privacy Policy - Updated 4/19/2020
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Company (referred to as either "I", "me", "my" or "The Name Guy™" in this Agreement) refers to The Name Guy™ LLC.
The Name Guy™ takes your privacy seriously and this privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read my privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how I collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with my website.
What personal information do I collect from the people that visit my website?
When purchasing or subscribing on my site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
When do I collect information?
I collect information from you when you make a purchase, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on my site.
How do I use your information?
I may use the information I collect from you when you make a purchase, sign up for my newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To quickly process your transactions.
• To send periodic emails regarding your purchase, other products and services, and my newsletter.
How do I protect visitor information?
The Name Guy™ is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to my site as safe as possible. I use regular Malware Scanning. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
The Name Guy™ implements a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Does The Name Guy™ use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, I use cookies to help me understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables me to provide you with improved services. I also use cookies to help me compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that I can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
I use cookies to:
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. I may also use trusted third party services that track this information on my behalf. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you disable cookies, some features will be disabled. It will affect your site experience and some of my services will not function properly.
Third Party Disclosure
The Name Guy™ does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless I provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist me in operating my website, conducting my business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. I may also release your information when I believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
The Name Guy™ uses Google Analytics, a third-party tracking service, which uses cookies to track non-personally identifiable information about my visitors to my site in the aggregate to capture usage and volume statistics. Some of my business partners (e.g., Google Analytics) use cookies on my site. I have no access to or control over these cookies. This privacy policy covers the use of cookies by The Name Guy™ only and does not cover the use of cookies by any third-party.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit my site anonymously. A link to this privacy policy will be added to my home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering my website. My Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes on my Privacy Policy Page. Users are able to change their personal information by e-mailing me.
How does my site handle do not track signals?
I honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does my site allow third party behavioral tracking?
I do not allow third party behavioral tracking.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
I do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices, The Name Guy™ will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
I will notify the users via email within 1 business day. I also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
The Name Guy™ collects your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders
I may also send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
Market to my mailing list or continue to send emails to my clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM I agree to the following:
NOT to use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can:
Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and I will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
How To Contact The Name Guy™
If you've got any questions regarding this privacy policy, you can contact me using the information below:
The Name Guy LLC
324 S. Beverly Drive, Suite # 317
Beverly Hills, CA 90212
E-mail: Hi@TheNameGuy.com
Phone: 844 • NAME • GUY
Start typing and press enter to search
Search …
Scroll to Top
My website stores cookies on your device, but don't eat 'em. You agree to use of said cookies by continuing to browse my site. If you don't get it, read this Legal Mumbo Jumbo.Got It