http://thepayrollsite.co.uk/help/tandc.htm
Terms of Use
For an explanation of how we use your information, please see the following policies.
Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Recruitment Privacy PolicyRecruitment Privacy Policy
1. Terms of Use
These Terms of Use ('the Terms') apply to the use of ThePayrollSite.co.uk web site and its online payroll services (the 'Website'). References to 'we', 'us' and 'our' are references to The Payroll Site Ltd. By using our Website you indicate your agreement to be bound by our Terms.
2. Payment Terms
Account fees (including small employer fees) are paid in advance.
Fees for extra employees should be paid by the next billing date (i.e. the date when the account fees run out).
The Payroll Site Ltd reserves the right to change all prices without prior notice.
3. Refund Policy
If you have finished with your account and have paid fees in advance, please contact us if you would like them refunded. Please do not close your account first, as this would delete your contact information. It is our policy to refund, on request, any unused, pre-paid months, after deducting any accrued fees. We do not refund partial months. Refunds are made by cheque only.
4. No Advice Given
You acknowledge that The Payroll Site Ltd provides only payroll processing services. You acknowledge that The Payroll Site Ltd does not provide any payroll advice nor any kind of legal, financial or other advice.
You further undertake that you should not base any final decision, relating to the making of any payment to your employees or to HM Revenue & Customs, on any advice that you may have received from The Payroll Site Ltd.
You shall not hold The Payroll Site Ltd liable for any direct, consequential, incidental damage or loss of any kind arising as a result of your use or reliance on information given by The Payroll Site Ltd.
5. Data Processing
If you enter personal information relating to employers, their employees and the partners of those employees, into the website, this information is protected by data protection laws, under which The Payroll Site Ltd acts as a data processor. This data relates to the employer's payroll and includes details of pay, deductions, leave and pensions and other items necessary for the administration of a UK payroll. The data will be processed for the duration of the subscription and will be erased when you close your account. If your account lapses, is paused or made dormant, your data will be retained for the periods explained in our privacy policy.
In relation to this payroll data, The Payroll Site Ltd agrees:
to implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security for the data, appropriate to the risks associated with the processing of that data
not to engage another processor for this data
to ensure that all of our staff involved in processing the data are under appropriate contractual or statutory duties of confidentiality
only to process the data on your documented instructions, or to comply with UK or EU law
to inform you if we are required by law to process the data without your instruction, unless we are prohibited by law from informing you
that by entering into this agreement, you are instructing us to process the data for the purpose of providing online payroll services, and support, to the authorised user of the account
to assist the controller by appropriate technical and organisational measures, insofar as this is possible, for the fulfilment of the controller's obligation to respond to requests for exercising the data subject's rights laid down in the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
to assist the data controller in meeting its GDPR obligations in relation to the security of processing, the notification of personal data breaches and data protection impact assessments
to provide the controller with all information necessary to demonstrate compliance with the obligations under Article 28 of the GDPR and to allow for and contribute to audits and inspections, conducted by the controller or another auditor mandated by the controller
to inform the controller immediately if we are instructed to do something infringing the GDPR or other data protection law of the UK or the EU
to delete all personal data when you close your account
6. Dormant Accounts
A paying customer can make their account dormant using the preferences page or by contacting us. This allows you to continue to view your data, without being able to enter new pay runs. The data in dormant accounts is retained to the end of the tax year in which it was last active, plus an additional four years. If you would like to keep data for longer, you can download a summary pack.
7. Exclusion of Liability
Access to this website is at your own risk. The Payroll Site Ltd shall not be liable for any damage to the hardware or software installed on the computer you use to access this website as a result of your access to, or use of, this website or your downloading of any resource from the website.
To the fullest extent permitted by law The Payroll Site Ltd accepts no liability whatsoever for any loss or damage whether direct or indirect, consequential or otherwise resulting from whatever cause through the use of or reliance on any information or advice obtained either directly or indirectly from this website.
Information provided on this website has been provided in good faith and The Payroll Site Ltd uses reasonable care to ensure the information is up to date. However, The Payroll Site Ltd makes no representations or warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or currency of such information.
The Payroll Site Ltd has the right to terminate your use of the Website at anytime by giving not less than one month's prior notice by email.
8. Governing Law
These terms and your use of this Site are governed by and construed in accordance with English law and you will submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
These terms were last updated in May 2018.
Return to The Payroll Site
Back