https://thepack.cloud/en/site-info/privacy/privacy-digital-services/
Privacy
Privacy Policy – Personal Data & Webpac Digital Services
When connecting to Webpac’s digital services, it is our intent to be completely open and transparent about privacy and to provide protection for your personal information where it is required.
Our reference for privacy is the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR).
You should be 16 or older to register for Webpac.
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, or you wish to update your information, remove your information, or unsubscribe from mailings, simply send an e-mail to support@webpac.com and we will respond.
To manage your personal data yourself you can access your Webpac Pack Cloud accounts here:
https://thepack.cloud/logon
Once logged on, you will have links to change your personal data, account information, set e-mail preferences, and delete your account.
We do not store special categories of personal data that require enhanced protection (race, religion, political opinions, trade union membership, sexual orientation, health information, biometric data, genetic data, criminal records).
As part of Webpac’s digital services we store basic personal data.
Depending on your usage of our digital services we may capture and process the following personal data:
Your Contact Information (Name, Address, Phone, E-mail, Password, Photo, LinkedIn Account, Profile)
Your Communications (forms submitted through our digital services)
Your Personal Settings (Language Preferences, User Profile, Packtag Settings, etc.)
Your Activity: IP Address, Location Data, Online Behaviour (cookies), Tracking/Analytics
When submitting your personal data to us, or logging on, you consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to our Legal/Terms & Conditions of Use.
You will be asked to tick a box with the following statement:
I accept the Webpac Pack Cloud Privacy and Legal policies.
We will register this in a database every time you submit a form, or logon, to provide continuous consent and acceptance.
If at anytime you wish to revoke your consent, simply email support@webpac.com.
We also process personal information for certain legitimate business purposes. 	For example, we may manually submit your information to the system to implement a contract we have with a company to use the Pack Cloud.
We may process your personal information for carefully considered and specific purposes which are in our interests and enable us to enhance the services we provide, but which we believe also benefit our customers (for example we might give access to employees of a company to their company profile; we might send users of our platform information about new products they might be interested in).
So in these cases the processing enables us to enhance, modify and personalise or otherwise improve our services for the benefit of our customers. Apart from this we also my use your data to provide postal communications which we think will be of interest to you.Whenever we process data for these purposes we will ensure that we always keep your Personal Data rights in high regard and take account of these rights. Again, you have the right to object to this processing if you wish, and if you wish to do so please contact support@webpac.com so we can resolve your issue. Please bear in mind that if you object this may affect our ability to carry out tasks above for your benefit.
Webpac’s Digital Services are based on a B2B platform that provides connections between industry professionals.
Depending on your usage of the platform, your activity, contact information, communications, and personal settings may be shared with other users (or companies) on the platform. The following circumstances are examples:
Your communications aimed at users and companies (including your contact information) will be sent to them.
Information marked, published, or set as public will be made publicly available (including content such as public requests for quote).
Tracking of your usage of (viewing or interacting with) company content, may be made available to the company.
A registered user or company may attempt to contact you individually.
Webpac may use your personal data to communicate with you about our services both for technical reasons and for sales and marketing purposes.
Your personal data will be backed up onto secure third-party servers at a reputable global service.
Staff at Webpac’s subsidiary Webpac S.A. (and authorized sub-contractors) have access to your data in accordance with this policy, to communicate with you, and to develop the platform.
Webpac does not bulk sell your information to other companies.
Directors and shareholders of Webpac’s parent company (Webpac Ltd) do not have direct access to your personal data.
Your personal data will be processed lawfully, fairly and transparently.
Our intent is to follow the GDPR.
We will respond to issues via support@webpac.com.
This policy here is where we are transparent about the use of your data.
Your personal data will be collected only for specific legitimate purposes.
The purpose of collecting your information is to create a relevant user account for accessing our digital services, keeping you updated about our digital services (both technically and from a sales and marketing perspective) and to communicate to other users (or companies) on the platform your communications to them and activity relating to the usage of their data (as specified in this policy).
Your personal data is adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary.
There is no other known use of your data other than that described here in this Privacy Policy.
We store only the information required for the usage to the platform as described.
Your personal data must be accurate and kept up to date.
We provide the appropriate mechanisms for updating your data in user account settings – but you can always update your information by sending an e-mail to support@webpac.com.
Your personal data is stored only as long as is necessary.
If you wish to stop using Webpac’s Digital Services, then we no longer need to store your personal data.
You can delete your user account through the account settings or by sending an e-mail to support@webpac.com.
We will delete personal data we are certain is out of date.
We ensure appropriate security, integrity and confidentiality for your personal data.
Webpac is committed to handling your data securely.
Communications to our servers are encrypted.
Passwords are never stored or transmitted as plain text.
There is appropriate physical security around your data.
We have been independently audited by multiple major global public companies including penetration tests and personal information assessments.
Our cloud best practice team are constantly working on enhancing the platform for an optimal experience.