https://thermometer.co.uk/content/7-terms-and-conditions
Menu list
Thermometers
Food thermometers
Thermapen thermometers
industrial thermometers
Medical thermometers
bluetooth thermometers
fridge thermometers
oven thermometers
pocket digital thermometers
dial thermometers
home and garden
infrared thermometers
probe-wipes
Thermometer accessories
Clearance Products Data loggers
wireless data loggers
display data loggers
blind data loggers
data logger probes
humidity loggers
Data logger accessories Calibration
calibration equipment
Calibration accessories
UKAS Thermometer & Probe Temperature Calibration
UKAS humidity calibration
repair & service
Get a Quote Humidity
Humidity Meters
UKAS humidity calibration
Get a Quote Moisture
moisture/damp meters
Moisture accessories pH
pH meters & testers
pH meter accessories
hydroponics Instrumentation
pressure meters
anemometers Timers Probes
Thermocouple probes
Thermistor probes
RTD (PT100) probes
Bespoke Probes Info & Software
Software & Apps
About ETI
Learning Centre
Catalogue Downloads
Blog
Global Distributors
Press & Media Centre
FAQ's
Home
ETI Info
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions Our terms and conditions of saleElectronic Temperature Instruments Ltd, is herein referred to as ETI. Your statutory rights regarding faulty or misrepresented goods are not affected. Our Privacy Policy is available on application, or at thermometer.co.uk/privacyFor Apps terms and conditions, please click here. GENERAL CONDITIONSIn the event of the purchaser's order containing special conditions, that order will only be accepted by ETI on the understanding that those conditions are not at variance with our own, or if there is any variance, that such conditions have been waived by the purchaser. PRICESPrices quoted are 'Net Trade' and are exclusive of Value Added Tax. Value Added Tax will be charged at the applicable rate at the date of despatch. Prices/charges will be those ruling at the date of despatch and, whilst every endeavour has been made to ensure the accuracy of prices quoted, no responsibility is accepted for any error or omissions. This includes information contained in any of The Company's documentation or on any ETI website. RISK IN THE GOODS & RETENTION OF TITLERisk in the Goods shall pass to the purchaser when the goods are delivered to, or collected by the purchaser or his agent. Property and title to the goods shall not pass to the purchaser until all sums, including interest or legal costs due or owing to ETI or to its agents, howsoever arising, have been received by ETI Ltd's bank and credited to ETI's account. ETI reserves the right of passive retention, stoppage in transit, and the right of resale, of any goods when any said sums are due or owing. SETTLEMENT TERMSIf a 30 day account is offered it will be strictly net 30 day unless otherwise agreed. ETI reserves the right to claim/charge interest at 5% above National Westminster Bank Plc's base rate, on any said sums which are not received by ETI or ETI's bank by the due date. Non delivery or any delivery discrepancy must be reported in writing within seven days from date of invoice. ORDER CANCELLATIONCancellation of a purchaser's order can only be accepted after prior negotiation and agreement. In the event of any cancellation, the purchaser will be liable for all costs incurred to date. LIABILITYAll goods and information are supplied in good faith and the purchaser shall be responsible for ensuring the goods are appropriate for the purchaser's applications. The purchaser shall indemnify ETI for all liability, loss, costs, expenses or damages, howsoever caused, by reason of any goods (whether or not defective) or any act or omission of ETI, including but not limited to any injury (whether to body, property or personal or business character or reputation) sustained by any person or to any person or to any property (unless such personal injury is attributable to ETI's negligence), and for infringement of any patent rights or other rights of third parties, and for any violation of laws or regulations governing the products or their sale, which may result from the use of, sale or distribution of goods by the purchaser. Limitation: ETI's total liability for any one claim arising from any one situation (whether due to ETI's negligence or otherwise) shall not exceed £1,000,000. WEEE & Battery RecyclingTo comply with the WEEE Regulations of 2006 (Waste Electrical & Electronic Equipment), and EU Battery Regulations, it is a requirement of purchase, and the responsibility of the purchaser, that at the end of their useful life, all goods purchased from ETI are disposed of in an environmentally responsible manner.Any product purchased from ETI, as well as old goods of a similar nature to that being replaced, may be returned for regulated disposal at no charge; this includes old batteries.. COPYRIGHTS AND PATENTSETI retains the design and manufacturing copyrights for all goods. ETI owns full copyright in respect of all content, text and images in or on its catalogues, websites and emails and their reproduction in part or in whole is prohibited without ETI's prior written consent. RETURNED GOODSA charge of 25% of invoice value or a minimum charge of £10.00, in respect of packaging and administration, may be levied on goods 'Not Wanted' or 'Incorrectly Ordered', or due to duplication resulting from a 'Confirmation Order' not endorsed to that effect. All goods returned under this category must be received in their original supplied condition and returned to ETI within 30 days of the original invoice date. The purchaser will bear all costs of returning any goods. No goods that have been specifically manufactured to the purchaser's requirements, can be returned for credit unless previously agreed with ETI. This does not affect your statutory rights. TRADING ACCOUNTTo open a credit account, please contact ETI and, subject to a satisfactory credit check, a 30-day account will be opened. Any credit limit granted to the purchaser shall at all times be at the discretion of ETI and may be reduced, suspended or withdrawn at any time without prior notice. FORCE MAJEUREAll contracts and transactions are subject to force majeure. ETI shall not be liable for any failure arising from circumstances beyond its control. For example, among others; Act of God, war, riot, explosion, fire, flood, strikes, supplier delays or Government action. EXPORT REGULATIONSPurchasers are responsible, at their expense, for obtaining any licence and complying with any export regulations in force within the United Kingdom and in the country of destination. LAW & JURISDICTIONAll transactions and disputes will be governed in accordance with the law of England. WARRANTY/GUARANTEEAll ETI manufactured instruments carry a two-year warranty / guarantee against defects in either components or workmanship.  During this period, products that prove to be defective will, at the discretion of ETI, be either repaired or replaced without charge. Instruments that have not been manufactured by ETI will be subject to a  warranty period of twelve months.  Such warranties do not apply to probes, where a six-month period is offered. This six-month period also applies to a probe where it is an integral part of an instrument. The product warranty / guarantee does not cover damage caused by fair wear and tear, abnormal storage conditions, incorrect use, accidental misuse, abuse, neglect, misapplication or modification, or use with non-ETI hardware/software.  The user should make themselves aware of the proper use of measurement equipment, including maintenance, calibration, and comparison with other instruments. Information relating to this may be obtained from ETI and/or thermometer.co.uk/care. In line with our policy of continuous development, we reserve the right to amend our product specification without prior notice. Any claims under warranty, or complaints as to products or services, should be addressed to:- ETI, Easting Close, Worthing, West Sussex, BN14 8HQ.Electronic Temperature Instruments LtdThermometers, hygrometers & analytical instruments from the UK's largest thermometer manufacturer. Easting Close, Worthing, Sussex, BN14 8HQ+44 (0)1903 202151sales @etiltd.com
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Google Plus
Pinterest
Instagram
Products Meat Thermometer Freezer Alarm Aquarium Thermometer Indoor Outdoor Thermometer Room Thermometer Thermometer Hygrometer Milk Thermometer Fridge Temperature Monitor Soil Thermometer Max Min Thermometer Water Temperature Thermometer Damp Tester Special Offers Information
Request a Catalogue
GDPR Cookies & Privacy
Delivery Charges
Ethical Trading Policy
Modern Slavery Policy
ETI Returns Policy
ETI Quality
More Info
Terms and Conditions
Sitemap
© 2020 All content on this site is copyright of Electronic Temperature Instruments Ltd, ETI Ltd ETI retains the design and manufacturing copyrights for all goods. ETI owns full copyright in respect of all content, text and images in or on its catalogues, websites and emails and their reproduction in part or in whole is prohibited without ETI's prior written consent. You may also wish to visit our other websites: thermapen.co.uk and home-thermometers.co.uk My accountMy AccountMy ordersMy credit slipsMy addressesMy personal infoMy vouchersLogin NewsletterSubscribe to Newsletter READ REVIEWS
Product successfully added to the product comparison!Product successfully removed from the product comparison! Continue shopping Go to Compare