https://thermatool.com/privacy/
×
Company Information
Contact Us
Applications
Products
Thermatool
High Frequency Welders
Tube Heaters and Seam Annealers
Quench and Temper
Engineered Structural Sections
Sensors and Controls
Alpha
High Speed Flying Shears
Flying Saws
Savage Saws
Ferrous and Non-Ferrous Cutting
Specialty Cutting
Material Handling
Service
Aftermarket Parts
Warranty and RMA
Service and Training
Resources
Technical Papers
Webinars
What is Induction?
Thermatool Labs
Download our Latest Publication
Articles
Events
Contact Us
Search for:
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Thermatool Corp. is committed to the safeguarding of your privacy. We recognize that when you choose to provide us information about yourself, you trust Thermatool Corp. to protect that information.
Please read further for details of Thermatool Corp.’s Privacy Policy.
Information Thermatool Corp. Collects about You and How it is Used
When you browse Thermatool Corp’s web site, you do so anonymously, unless you have previously registered with us. We do not automatically collect personal information, including your email address. However, we may log your IP address (the Internet address of your computer) to give us an idea of which part of our website you visit and how long you spend there. But we do not link your IP address to any personal information unless you have registered with us. Like many other commercial websites, the Thermatool Corp. website may use a standard internet technologies, such as “cookies” and other web tools, to collect information about how you use the site and assist with your navigation of the website.
Information Disclosed by Thermatool Corp. to 3rd Parties
Thermatool Corp. may store and disclose personal information as allowed or required by applicable law, including making disclosures that are necessary or advisable to conform to legal or regulatory requirements. Thermatool Corp. does not sell personal information to anyone. We may share your information with our business partners for marketing purposes.
Do Not Track (DNT) signals
Thermatool Corp. does not track its customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. However we do use Google analytics to monitor visitors to Thermatool Corp. website as well as improve server performance. To learn more about Google Analytics privacy policy please visit: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html.
Governing Law
This policy is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. Should there be a conflict between the term of this policy and the terms of any electronic or machine readable privacy policy, the terms of this written policy prevail.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Thermatool Corp. may make changes to this policy from time to time. We recommend you re-visit this page on occasion to review any changes in our Privacy Policy.
Policy Effective Date
This document was last updated and effective July 22, 2016
Question or Suggestions – How to Contact Thermatool Corp.
If you have any questions or comments concerning this Privacy Policy, please email us at info@thermatool.com
You can send written correspondence to:  31 Commerce St. East Haven, CT 06512