https://thermeq.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Thermeq respects the privacy of visitors to its website. We will collect and use information through our website only in the ways disclosed in this statement.
This statement applies solely to information collected at the Thermeq website.
Thermeq respects the privacy of visitors to its website. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains our online information practices regarding the collection of information from this website that can personally identify you, and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. Thermeq respects your right to privacy. Personally identifiable information is information, such as your name, address, telephone number, password, username, medical information, gender, ethnicity, age and e-mail address that could be used to contact you. If you provide us with personally identifiable information, we will treat it in accordance with this Policy.
This Policy only covers the website owned by Thermeq. Please note that Thermeq’s website is directed towards users who reside in the United States. It is not our intent to gather personally identifiable information from individuals residing outside the United States.
Information Collection and Use
Thermeq measures the performance of its website to determine how we can improve and expand upon the content and services we provide. We have designed our website so that you are not required to provide any personally identifiable information unless you are requesting access to certain options and services. We, along with certain third-party site support partners, only collect personally identifiable information that you voluntarily provide to us. You may choose at any time not to provide personally identifiable information, although this may restrict our ability to provide requested services or information.
Email Notifications and Newsletters
We may use information obtained from you, such as contact information (name and email address), to complete your submitted request to receive specific Thermeq information, such as email notifications, literature requests, and newsletter subscriptions.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We gather certain information about the use of our website that does not, by itself, identify specific individuals. This information is then compiled and analyzed in a way that does not identify our visitors personally. The information may include the referring Uniform Resource Locator (URL), indicating from where a visitor to our website has come, which URLs have been visited on our website and in what order, what browser is being used, and what Internet Protocol (IP) address a visitor used to get to our website. We may also use such information for website and system administration.
Linked Websites
We sometimes provide links to third-party websites. You acknowledge that such links are provided for your convenience only and do not constitute an endorsement by Thermeq of such third-party websites. Since we do not control these websites, we assume no responsibility for the privacy practices of such websites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on those, and all, third-party websites.
Cookies
A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: policies.google.com/privacy.
Most browsers allow you to reject third-party cookies or all cookies.
Protecting Your Information
The personal information you provide online is retained for no longer than is necessary, depending on the purpose for which it is held, and is electronically stored on a secure server. We protect the personal information you share with us. Access to your personal information is limited only to those Thermeq employees and third-party partners, all of whom are required to keep your information confidential. Thermeq does not sell, loan, trade, or lease any personal information collected on our website.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children younger than 18. If we learn that we have personally identifiable information about a child younger than 18, we will delete that information. If you are younger than 18 and wish to register to obtain further information or be included in a survey, your parent or legal guardian must register.
Choice to Opt-Out
If at any time, you wish to stop receiving information from us, or to have your name and other personal information removed from our website, please reply to sender or forward the email us here indicating your desire to opt-out by typing “Remove” in the subject line. Please note that this opt-out strategy only applies to information provided electronically from Thermeq.
Home
About Us
Services
Furnaces, Ovens, & Kilns
Furnace Parts & Assemblies
Field Services
Structural, Architectural, & Miscellaneous Steel
Custom Fabrication
Zoos
Contact Us
Close
Font Resize
A-
A+Reset font size
Keyboard navigation
Readable Font
Contrast
Choose color
black
white
green
blue
red
orange
yellow
navi
Underline links
Highlight Links
Reset All
Images Greyscale
Invert Colors
Remove Animations
Close