http://thermodesign.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
LAST UPDATE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY – January 2020
BEFORE USING OUR SITE, PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY.
Thank you for using our website. This privacy standard sets out how Thermo Design Engineering (“TDE” or “We”) process the personal information of our website visitors and clients. Please note that this privacy standard is not an exclusive description of how TDE processes the personal information of individuals.
TDE is committed to providing safe web site for visitors and has implemented this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. The Company complies with Canadian Federal and Provincial privacy laws and regulations including the Personal Information and Electronic Documents Act.
Although you are not required to register to access our Sites, you may be asked to provide us with personal information when you visit certain sections of our Sites. Your use of our Sites signifies your acknowledgement and consent to our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not continue to use our Sites. Your continued use of the Sites signifies your acceptance of these terms and any changes in effect at the time of use.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal Information is information about you that identifies you as an individual, for example, your name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number.
We collect information that you voluntarily provide to us when you interact with our website or request our products or services.
HOW DOES COMPANY USE INFORMATION GATHERED ABOUT ONLINE VISITORS?
Before forwarding us any personal information, please be advised that any information gathered on our Sites may be used in the aggregate for research and development relating to our Sites and/or for future site development and, if you ask us to, to send you promotional materials or additional information. In particular, we may use information gathered about you for the following purposes: to monitor interest in our range of products and to assist us to tailor the content of our Sites; in circumstances where you have indicated that you wish to receive additional information, to send you information about us and promotional material about our products.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
The Company will not disclose personal information that you provide on its Sites to any third parties other than to a Company agent except: i) in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, or ii) to comply with legal requirements such as a law, regulation, warrant, subpoena or court order, and/or iii) if you are reporting an adverse event/side effect, in which case the Company may be required to disclose such information to bodies such as, but not limited to, Canadian and/or international regulatory authorities. Please note that any of these disclosures may involve the storage or processing of personal information outside of Canada and may therefore be subject to different privacy laws than those applicable in Canada, including laws that require the disclosure of personal information to governmental authorities under circumstances that are different than those that apply in Canada.
COOKIES
The Company, in common with many web site operators, may use standard technology called "cookies" on its Sites. Cookies are small data files that are downloaded onto your computer when you visit a particular web site. You can disable cookies by turning them off in your browser; however, some areas of the Sites may not function properly if you do so.
PROTECTION OF INFORMATION:
Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. The Company applies security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information, such as retaining information in secure facilities and making personal information accessible only to authorized employees on a need-to-know basis.
Storage of Information:
Personal information you share with us is stored on our database servers at Company data centers (in whatever country they may be located), or hosted by third parties who have entered into agreements with us that require them to observe our Privacy Policy.
POLICY CHANGE:
If we alter our Privacy Policy, any changes will be posted on this page of our Site so that you are always informed of the information we collect about you, how we use it and the circumstances under which we may disclose it.
ACCEPTANCE OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY:
By using this Site or any other The Company Site you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy, and you adhere to the terms and conditions posted on the Site. By submitting your information, you agree that it will be governed by our Privacy Policy.
icon1
ABOUT TDE
We are the world wide leader in providing solutions to meet your specific logistical needs.
icon2
VIEW CASE STUDIES
We work collaboratively with clients to solve problems and identify ways to deal with even the most complex challenges.
icon3
JOIN THE TEAM
Our extensive list of projects around the world demonstrates that clients can trust TDE to deliver on their behalf.
Have a project you’d like to discuss?
START THE CONVERSATION
Or just call us. Anyday, anytime.
+1 780 440 6064
New RNG Project Announcement - Thermo News Releases
Read More