https://thermometer.co.uk/content/10-eti-privacy-notice
Menu list
Thermometers
Food thermometers
Thermapen thermometers
industrial thermometers
Medical thermometers
bluetooth thermometers
fridge thermometers
oven thermometers
pocket digital thermometers
dial thermometers
home and garden
infrared thermometers
probe-wipes
Thermometer accessories
Clearance Products Data loggers
wireless data loggers
display data loggers
blind data loggers
data logger probes
humidity loggers
Data logger accessories Calibration
calibration equipment
Calibration accessories
UKAS Thermometer & Probe Temperature Calibration
UKAS humidity calibration
repair & service
Get a Quote Humidity
Humidity Meters
UKAS humidity calibration
Get a Quote Moisture
moisture/damp meters
Moisture accessories pH
pH meters & testers
pH meter accessories
hydroponics Instrumentation
pressure meters
anemometers Timers Probes
Thermocouple probes
Thermistor probes
RTD (PT100) probes
Bespoke Probes Info & Software
Software & Apps
About ETI
Learning Centre
Catalogue Downloads
Blog
Global Distributors
Press & Media Centre
FAQ's
Home
GDPR Cookies & Privacy ETI’s Privacy Notice.Electronic Temperature Instruments Ltd consider themselves GDPR compliant.The following explains how Electronic Temperature Instrument Ltd’s (ETI’s) or ‘our’ or ‘we’ or ‘us’, use any personal information we collect about you when you use this website.Our Lawful Bases for holding data, in accordance with GDPR, are legitimate interests, and contractual necessity. Such legitimate interests are explained in – “Why we need your data.” And “How long will we store your data”.Topics:         What information do we collect about you?         Why we need your data         How long will we store your data?         Marketing         Access to your information and correction         Cookies         Other websites         Changes to our privacy notice~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~What information do we collect about you?We collect information about you when you fill in a contact form, place an order or email us directly. We also collect information when you voluntarily comment on our blog posts, provide feedback and participate in competitions. Website usage information is collected using cookies.The information we collect about you may include; your name, email address, postal address, phone number, IP address, location, company name, sex, age, your chosen internet browser and service provider and device, plus any information you supply voluntarily. For information regarding ETI Apps & Data Protection, please click hereWhy we need your dataWe collect information about you to fulfil the legitimate interests of our mutual relationship. To meet your request, such as requesting a return call; to process your order; manage your account, and to email you about other products, services, and information we think may be of interest to you. We may use your contact information to advertise our service to you on third-party websites such as Facebook and Twitter. We may also contact you directly to ask as to the quality of the overall service that we provide. We use your information collected from the website to personalise your repeat visits to our website. If ETI was ever sold to another company, your contact information would be passed on to this new party.We will take cautionary measure to ensure we do not collect any personal data from you we do not need in order to provide and oversee the above services to you.How long will we store your data?If we provide any paid-for services to you, we are required under UK tax law to keep your basic personal data (name, address, contact details) for a minimum of 6 years, after which time it will be destroyed. Your information that we may use for marketing purposes will be kept with us until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive this information. MarketingWe would like to send you updates and information about products and services of ours. You may unsubscribe or opt-out at any time, to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your information to other parties. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes please click here, select GDPR & Privacy related option, enter your name, address and email address and we will ensure you not contacted further.What are your rights?Under the GDPR, you have the following rights:•The right to be informed about our collection and use of your personal data.•The right to access the personal data we hold about you.•The right to have your personal data rectified if any of your personal data held by us is inaccurate or incomplete.•The right to be forgotten, i.e. the right to ask us to delete or otherwise dispose of any of your personal data that we have.•The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data.•The right to object to us using your personal data for a particular purpose or purposes.•The right to data portability.Access to your information and correctionThose ETI customers having an account may sign in and edit any personal information by signing in on the 'my account' section on this website. This section enables tracking of order history, editing of personal data and addresses, and further information relevant to account customers regarding GDPR.Non-account customers may ask us to supply, edit or delete personal data gathered by clicking here or using the contact-us link visible on every page of the site. You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you via a Subject Access Request. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email or write to us at the following address. Email:- GDPR@etiltd.co.ukPost:- GDPR, Electronic Temperature Instruments Ltd, Riverside House, Easting Close, Worthing,  BN14 7JNIf you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office at:-  https://ico.org.uk/   CookiesCookies are small text files that a web site transfers to a site visitor's computer for added functionality, or for tracking web site usage. We do not use cookies in order to gather personal information such as a person's name or e-mail address, other than during the purchase and checkout process. Cookies are only used to collect strictly necessary information during the shopping process, and to add goods to your online shopping account. We also use them to enable analysis of user trends to provide you with a better browsing experience. Use of cookies is an industry standard and many web sites use them. If you do not wish to accept these cookies from our website, or want to be notified of when they are placed, you can set your web browser to do so, if your browser so permits. Denying these cookies will mean that online shopping will not be possible and you will need to order from us by telephone or fax.EmailEmails are sent over the public network and cannot be assumed to be secure. Internally, we will treat the information in strict confidentiality.Other websitesOur website contains links to other websites which are governed by us. This privacy notice applies to all such websites.Changes to our privacy noticeWe keep our privacy notice under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy notice was last updated on 17th May 2018.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~Electronic Temperature Instruments LtdThermometers, hygrometers & analytical instruments from the UK's largest thermometer manufacturer. Easting Close, Worthing, Sussex, BN14 8HQ+44 (0)1903 202151sales @etiltd.com
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Google Plus
Pinterest
Instagram
Products Meat Thermometer Freezer Alarm Aquarium Thermometer Indoor Outdoor Thermometer Room Thermometer Thermometer Hygrometer Milk Thermometer Fridge Temperature Monitor Soil Thermometer Max Min Thermometer Water Temperature Thermometer Damp Tester Special Offers Information
Request a Catalogue
GDPR Cookies & Privacy
Delivery Charges
Ethical Trading Policy
Modern Slavery Policy
ETI Returns Policy
ETI Quality
More Info
Terms and Conditions
Sitemap
© 2020 All content on this site is copyright of Electronic Temperature Instruments Ltd, ETI Ltd ETI retains the design and manufacturing copyrights for all goods. ETI owns full copyright in respect of all content, text and images in or on its catalogues, websites and emails and their reproduction in part or in whole is prohibited without ETI's prior written consent. You may also wish to visit our other websites: thermapen.co.uk and home-thermometers.co.uk My accountMy AccountMy ordersMy credit slipsMy addressesMy personal infoMy vouchersLogin NewsletterSubscribe to Newsletter READ REVIEWS
Product successfully added to the product comparison!Product successfully removed from the product comparison! Continue shopping Go to Compare