https://thetranscriptionagency.com/privacy-policy/
Introduction
This privacy policy sets out how The Transcription Agency LLP uses and protects any information that you give The Transcription Agency LLP when you use its service.
The Transcription Agency LLP is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified (when using our service), then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
The Transcription Agency LLP may change this policy from time to time. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 25.05.2018.
Our Privacy Policy explains
• the personal information we collect
• why we process your personal information
• the options you have regarding your personal information
• the steps we take to ensure your information is kept secure and confidential
• how long we hold your information for
• how to contact us
Close
What we collect
When you complete any forms or leave any comments/testimonials on the website we collect the data provided and also your IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.When you book or commission The Transcription Agency LLP’s services we collect and retain the following information:
Name, company and job title;
contact information including email address;
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests;
other information relevant to projects, including project contents and financial/transactional elements.
When you apply for a position with or work for The Transcription Agency LLP we may collect the following information:
Name;
date of birth/age and contact information including email address;
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests;
socio-demographic information such as work history, nationality, education etc;
social relationships;
information supplied by yourself or third parties in relation to security checks on you;
transactional/pay information, and technical set up information;
special information that is not mandatory to be provided such as health data, gender, ethnicity, religious beliefs etc; and
other information relevant to job applications
Close
How we collect personal your information
We collect your personal information either via forms you submit on our website or via communications to The Transcription Agency LLP by you.
Close
What we do with the personal information we gather
We initially require this information to contact you in response to the communications that you have sent to us.
For marketing by email, we only email with opt in consent (unless contacting previous clients about our own similar products, and an opt out was offered when personal details were provided). We offer an opt out (via an unsubscribe link). We keep a list of anyone who opts out and we screen against our opt out list.
Beyond any existing communications or services you have requested from The Transcription Agency LLP and the reasons of contact outlined above, you will not be contacted by us.
Your details may be required for the following reasons:
• providing a service and fulfilling contracts;
• internal record keeping;
• we may use the information to improve our services;
• contractual or legal obligations;
• if you opt in to receive promotional emails, then we may periodically send emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
Close
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
However, we can’t guarantee its security if submitted online.
By submitting information via our website you accept the associated risks of providing information online and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security.
Close
Cookies
We use cookies on this website to track usage data and to improve your experience as a user. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Close
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of relevance or interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Close
Children's personal information
We do not knowingly collect, process or store personal information of persons under the age of 16.
Any information provided known to be provided by persons under the age of 16 will be deleted immediately without further action by The Transcription Agency LLP.
Close
Rights and responsibilities
From 25.05.2018 individuals have the following rights:
•	the right to be informed;
•	the right of access;
•	the right to rectification;
•	the right to erasure (‘the right to be forgotten’)
•	the right to restrict processing;
•	the right to object; and
•	the right not to be subject to automated decision-making including profiling.
Close
Retention of personal information
We only hold your personal information on our systems for the time required for us to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Whilst personal information will be deleted from the main systems (when it is no longer required for job fulfilment purposes), it may still be kept on restricted access back-up media for legal, tax or regulatory purposes.
Controlling your personal information
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at office@thetranscriptionagency.com asking us to unsubscribe you.
We do not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by contractual or legal obligations to do so.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible using the Contact Us page. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Close
Review
This Privacy Policy will be reviewed on a regular basis or as required by law.
Close
Search for:
Click for a Quote
Download EX107 Form
Upload Files Here
The Transcription Agency
Your name:*Company:*(please note n/a if not applicable)Your email:*
Phone*Enquiry type*Transcription services (non court)Court transcriptionsTranslation servicesYour message:*