https://thewoodshop.biz/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
1. General
We want to protect the privacy of visitors to our website and that of our customers, and other individuals. Please read the following policy; it will help you to understand how we use your personal data. We may change our privacy policy at any time without giving you notice, so please check it each time you visit this website.
Whenever you give us personal data, you are consenting to its collection and use in accordance with this privacy policy, including our use of cookies as explained below. You may withdraw your consent or ask us to disclose any personal data we hold that relates to you
2. What personal data do we collect?
We log your Internet Protocol (IP) address in order to receive and send information from and to you over the internet.
When you register with Thewoodshop.biz Directory, register for any of our services, make an enquiry, or order products or services from us, you may be asked to provide some personal data such as your name, home, business or billing address, telephone number, e-mail address, and credit or debit card number. Bear in mind that if you submit any personal data for inclusion in any directory or information service, it may be seen by anyone visiting this website, or who has access to that directory or information service. Do not submit any personal data that you do not want to be made public in this way, and please do not send us any personal data about anyone else without their permission. We also automatically collect data about visitors to our website (for example on browsing patterns) by using Cookies -see below.
3. Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of data or message that is sent from a web server to your browser and is stored on your hard drive. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Cookies do not damage your system.
You can reset your browser so as to refuse any cookie or to alert you to when a cookie is being sent.
If you choose not to accept our cookies, some of the features of our site may not work as well as we intend.
We use cookies for the purposes of system administration of our website, to give us information about the number of visitors to different parts of our website, and to enhance your visit to our site.
4. How do we use your personal data?
We use your personal data to provide goods and services to you or your organisation, to carry out administration, to let you know about other goods and services in which you may be interested, to inform you about changes and improvements to our website, and for direct marketing purposes. You can unsubscribe at any time by using the link in the email.
We may also use your personal data to monitor the use of the site, to record traffic flows and to carry out research about our visitors’, members’ and customers’ demographics, interests and behaviour. We do this to understand our visitors, members, customers and potential customers better.
Whenever and wherever we collect, process or use personal data, we take steps to ensure that it is treated securely and in accordance with our privacy policy.
5. To whom might we disclose your personal data?
We will not disclose your personal information unless we are obliged to do so or allowed to do so by law, or where you have given us explicit permission to do so.
6. Direct Marketing
We may contact you by e-mail to market our goods and services, but you may at any time request us to stop using your personal data for direct marketing purposes. If you wish to do this, please contact us
7. Links
Our website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our visitors to be aware when they leave our website, and to read the privacy policy of other sites that collect or use personal data. This privacy policy applies only to personal data collected by The Wood Shop Limited.
8. Security
We give you the option of using a secure server whenever you make payment over the internet or provide details of any credit or debit card.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet or any other network can be guaranteed as 100% secure, but we take appropriate steps to try to protect the security of your personal data.
9. Ownership of website
This website is the property of The Wood Shop Limited, a company limited by guarantee and registered in England (No. 3500262) with VAT No. 785 484 477. Its registered office address is 15 Spinney Way, Needingworth, St Ives, Cambs, PE27 4SR.
10. Inaccuracies and Corrections
We would like to keep your personal data accurate and up to date. If you become aware of any errors or inaccuracies, please contact us to let us know.
Scroll to Top