http://thinkpadcreative.com/website-terms-and-conditions/
Home
About
Overview
Our Work
What We Do
Our History
Why Choose Us
Our services
Who We Work With
Services
Overview
Strategy
Branding
Design
Media
Print
Display
Marketing
Web
Work
Contact
Search
Website Terms and ConditionsThe fine print, made clear…
REVISION DATE: 27 APRIL 2020
WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
By using this website you are regarded as having read and agreed to our following terms and conditions:
Confidentiality
All client records are regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged or sold to any third party. Clients have the right to request sight of, and copies of any and all client records we keep, on the condition that we are given reasonable notice of such a request. We comply with the Data Protection Act of 1998.
Privacy
We only collect information relevant to the purpose for which they are intended to be used and we will do our utmost to ensure that such data will be accurate, complete, up to date & secure. You may request what data we hold and will have access to information as to how that data will be used.
Any data supplied will be securely by us and may be used to keep you informed about any services relating to our business via mail or email. We do not sell or give your personal information to any other company or organisation, unless ordered by a court of law.
See our full Privacy Policy for more information >
Cookies
Our website cookies are only used to provide functionality and ease of use to our website for users. If you would like to know more information about what cookies are or how they work, please visit www.aboutcookies.org.
See our cookies policy for more information >
Links from this website
Links to external websites other than those owned by Thinkpad Creative are not shared or endorsed by us and we should therefore not be regarded as the publisher of such opinions or material. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices, or content, of these sites.
Portfolio Mockups
Mockups used within this website have been sourced from various free online resources such as Mockup World, Graphic Burger, PSD Mockups, Pixeden and many more. If you claim copyright to one of these images despite it being sourced as free from an online mockup website, we will gladly remove it upon request. Contact Us >
Mockup links:
https://www.anthonyboyd.graphics/
Copyright
Copyright and other relevant intellectual property rights exist on all text and images throughout our website.
Notification of Changes
We reserve the right to change these conditions from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any adjusted or updated terms.
If you have any queries regarding our terms and conditions, please email info@thinkpadcreative.com
Thinkpad Creative is a creative design agency providing design, media, print, websites & marketing.T. 0191 427 0255E. info@thinkpadcreative.comSitemap | Trading Terms & Conditions | Website T&Cs | Privacy | Cookies© Copyright 2020 - Thinkpad Creative | VAT Registered: GB236759865
We use cookies for the best browsing experience. If you continue, we assume you're happy to accept our cookies. You can change how cookies are used by changing your browsers settings.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree