http://thomsonreuters.com/en/products-services/legal.html
Home
Global listing of Thomson Reuters products and services.
Thomson Reuters Legal
Legal
As the legal industry transforms, trusted answers make the difference
Leverage unparalleled legal content, expertise, and technology
Explore all legal solutions
United States
United Kingdom
Canada
Spain
Asia Pacific
Latin America
MENA
Africa
Legal Research
Westlaw Edge
Use the most intelligent legal research service ever to get the fastest answers and most valuable insights.
See details
Legal Know-How
Practical Law
Practical Law gives attorneys a better starting point with resources developed by expert attorney-editors.
See details
Business of Law
3E
Connect your firm and integrate complex workflows with our enterprise business management solution.
See details
Legal workflow management
Panoramic
Discover a unique workflow solution that helps you plan, manage, and execute matters with data-driven confidence.
See details
Online Fraud Investigation Software
CLEAR
Locate and connect complex pieces of data in a single dashboard to identify critical connections.
See details
eDiscovery Software and Services
eDiscovery Point
Discover revolutionary web-based solutions designed to give you more control over the eDiscovery process.
See details
Answers for the legal profession
Insights from Answers On
THOMSON REUTERS INSTITUTE
Podcast: Lawyers returning to the workplace — Social distancing, technology & privacy concerns
•Gina Jurva, Manager, Thought Leadership, Corporate & Government
Tweets by @Westlaw
BENEFITS
Supreme Court: Employers violate Title VII when they fire employees merely for being gay or transgender
EBIA Contributing Editors
Learn more
Compliance
Compliance checklist for operating during a pandemic
Julie DiMauro  Regulatory Intelligence and E-learning Expert
Learn more
Leadership
Transforming women’s leadership in the law
Addressing structural barriers and creating cultural change needed at the organizational level for women to succeed and advance in the legal industry.
Learn more
Legal insights from our trusted experts
Insights from Legal Solutions
Legal Executive Institute
Next Gen Leadership: Advancing lawyers of color
A digital space for attorneys of color as the next generation of legal industry leaders to create, author and share career wisdom.
Learn more
LEGAL DEPARTMENT 2025 SERIES
Where do you find trusted answers for the decade ahead?
Discover top tips to effectively manage an investigation.
Learn more
Expert insight
Meet our Practical Law attorney editors
Our attorney-editors have years of experience practicing at leading law firms, corporate law departments, and government agencies.
Learn more
We’re hiring
View all job openings
Bring your passion
We believe strength is derived from the talents, ideas, and experiences of our people. We know that an inclusive workplace where all employees are valued and have the opportunity to reach their full potential is also a successful one.
Our company culture
Join our team