http://til.ca/privacy-policy/
Sign up for our email for product news and updates
Sign Up Here
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This policy applies to all visitors to Technisonic Industries Ltd. and the www.til.ca website.
Technisonic and its www.til.ca website are hosted in Canada and adhere to the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA). Our collection and usage of any personal information about you or your computer/device (if any) is outlined below.
By continuing to use our website or coming to our premises, you consent to and agree to the terms of the Technisonic Industries Ltd. Privacy Policy.
TECHNISONIC OFFICES:
Because of the nature of our business, it is necessary to collect information about our customers and visitors for reasons of security and in order conduct business with the individual. This information may include name, address, phone number, and email address.
This information is retained for the amount of time required by law. This information is stored and secured in accordance with PIPEDA requirements and will never be shared with any party outside of Technisonic except where Canadian Law (or under extraordinary circumstances where treaties with other countries require the disclosure of what little personal information we did collect) applies.
TECHNISONIC WEBSITE:
This site is informational only, and no e-commerce is conducted on our site. Therefore, there is no need for us to collect personal information about you or your organization – if you only browse the informational pages.
Unless you are a paid member of our support-portal (or if you willingly fill out the form on our Contact Us page), no information will be collected about you or your computer/device by Technisonic. Any information voluntarily submitted will never be shared with any third party except where Canadian Law (or under extraordinary circumstances where treaties with other countries require the disclosure of what little personal information was voluntarily submitted) applies.
If you are a paying support-portal member, we do set a cookie on your computer purely to remember any data you entered into any of our website pages so that the data entered on one page may be available to another or the same page if you return. Otherwise, Technisonic collects no identifiable information about you or your computer/device during your visit.
Non-identifiable (statistical) information may be collected about your visit by our website host provider – purely for website/performance metrics, security, and website maintenance. Our host provider, being a Canadian entity, is bound by the same PIPEDA requirements as Technisonic is and will never share any collected information with any third party. Technisonic does not use or receive any of this website traffic/usage data.
While our Privacy Policy covers the entire www.til.ca website and all its pages, the site does contain links to third party websites (eg: LinkedIn, Youtube, etc.) which have different privacy policies. To better understand those third parties’ privacy policies, please review the privacy policies of those respective websites.