https://timberking.com/privacy-policy/
Skip links Skip to primary navigation Skip to content
Portable Sawmills Since 1929
800-942-4406    | CONTACT    | FIND A DEALER    |
shopping_cart (0)
Search for:
Search
Main navigationHome
Sawmills
1220
1220CRZ
1400
1620
2020
2200
2500
6000
Other Products
Edgers
Sharpeners
Planer/Molders
Accessories
TK Advantage
About
Free Info Kit
Search for:Home
TimberKing Portable Sawmills
Shop
TK Advantage
Find a Dealer
TimberKing Owners Speak
Owner Resources
The TimberKing Story
TK In the News
Promise of Satisfaction
Contact
Cart
Checkout
My Account
Privacy Policy
Information about our Organization and Web site
Our principal activity is: The manufacture and sale of Sawmill Machinery and accessories.
Our privacy policy covers TimberKing and its Web site:
Organization Name: TimberKing
Address: 1431 N. Topping Ave.
City, State, Zip: Kansas City, MO 64120
Country: USA
Web Site: www.timberking.com
Providing Visitors with Anonymous Access
You can access our Web site home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data.
The services and links of our Web site
Our Web site does not enable our visitors to communicate with other visitors or to post information to be accessed by others. Our Web site does not include links to third party Web service providers.
Automatic Collection of Information
We use cookies to improve the quality of service we provide and to make your shopping experience with us more enjoyable.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children. We take reasonable precautions to ensure that we do not collect data from children.
Confidentiality / Security
We give you the option of using a secure transmission method to send us the following types of personal data:
Primary personal data (such as name and contact details)
Identifiers (such as credit card details, Web site password)
We have implemented security policies, firewalls, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from:
Unauthorized access
Improper use or disclosure
Unauthorized modification
Unlawful destruction or accidental loss
All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors’ personal data.
We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to State institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation.
Privacy Compliance
We comply with all privacy regulations applicable to our Website.
We guarantee your satisfaction. Please read more about our Return Policy & Promise of Satisfaction here.