https://timothyplan.com/privacy.php
FINANCIAL PROFESSIONALS may login to access Advisor specific information not available to the general public.
Register
Forgot your password?
FOR BROKER/DEALER USE ONLY. By accessing this site, I represent that I am a registered investment advisor or representative, or an assistant to such a person.I will not access this website if that registration is withdrawn. Distributed by Timothy Partners, Ltd. Member FINRA.
800.846.7526       Welcome
Site Map
Advisors
Shareholders
OPEN AN ACCOUNT
Privacy Policy
You Are In: Home/Privacy Policy
Website
Privacy Statement
Privacy Online Privacy, security, and service in Timothy Plan's or Timothy Partners, Ltd.'s online operations are just as critical as in the rest of our business. We use firewall barriers, encryption techniques and authentication procedures, among others, to maintain the security of your online session and to protect Timothy accounts and systems from unauthorized access.
When you interact with us through online channels (for example, websites and mobile applications) owned and controlled by Timothy Plan or Timothy Partners, Ltd. ("Timothy websites" or "Timothy"), Timothy manages personal information in accordance with all of the practices and safeguards described previously.
When you visit Timothy websites, we may collect technical and navigational information, such as device type, browser type, Internet protocol address, pages visited, and average time spent on Timothy websites. We use this information for a variety of purposes, such as maintaining the security of your online session, facilitating site navigation, improving Timothy website design and functionality, and personalizing your experience on Timothy websites. Additionally, the following policies and practices apply when you are online.
Cookies and similar technologies Timothy and our third-party service providers may use cookies and similar technologies to support the operation of Timothy websites. Cookies are small amounts of data that a website exchanges with a web browser or application on a visitor's computer or mobile device. Cookies help us to collect information about visitors to Timothy websites, including date and time of visits, pages viewed, amount of time spent on our sites, or general information about the device used to access the site. Timothy cookies are also used for security purposes and to personalize your experience, such as customizing your filter layout.
You can refuse or delete cookies. Most browsers and mobile devices offer their own settings to manage cookies. If you refuse a cookie when on a Timothy website, or if you delete cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of Timothy websites. For example, you may not be able to sign in and access your account, or we may not be able to recognize you, your device, or your online preferences.
Both Timothy and third-party service providers we hire may use cookies and other technologies, such as web beacons or pixel tags, in online advertising as described below.
Advertising on non-Timothy websites Timothy also advertises our products and services on websites not affiliated with Timothy and we contract with third-party advertising companies to display these ads. These third-party advertising companies may use cookies and similar technologies to collect technical and web navigational information, such as device type, browser type, Internet protocol address, and pages visited.
Timothy and these third-party online advertising companies may use the data collected, along with other information we have about you and your Timothy relationships, to serve relevant ads to you. The advertisements may be relevant to your interests, as determined by your activity on Timothy and non-Timothy websites. These are known as "interest-based advertisements."
You may opt-out of receiving interest-based advertisements from online advertising companies by clicking on the AdChoices icon (which appears on all Timothy interest-based ads) and following the opt-out instructions. For more information about interest-based advertising please see in a new window.
Non-Timothy websites and mobile applications are not subject to Timothy's Privacy Policy. You may visit the individual sites for additional information on their privacy practices.
Connecting with Timothy on social media sites Timothy provides experiences on social media platforms that enable online sharing and collaboration among users who have registered to use them. We may collect information you provide by interacting with us via social media, such as photographs, opinions, or Twitter handle. Any content you post, such as pictures, information, opinions, or any personal information that you make available to other participants on these social platforms, is also subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of those platforms. Please refer to them to better understand your rights and obligations with regard to such content.
Protecting children's privacy online Timothy websites are not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13). Timothy does not intentionally collect information on Timothy websites from those we actually know are under 13, and we request that these individuals do not provide personal information through the sites.
Information Collecte4d from Emails and Web Forms You also may decide to send us personally-identifying information, for example, an email message containing a question or comment or by filling out a form that emails us information, we use this information to fulfill or respond to your requests. We may store this information to provide us with information for future improvements to our website, and we may provide your email to third parties who offer specific products that you are requesting information about.
Links to Other Websites Timothy Plan's website contains hyperlinks to other sites created and maintained by other organizations. Timothy Plan does not regularly review materials posted on these linked sites. We do not endorse the owners of such linked sites or the products or materials appearing on such sites. Any decision of website visitors to view any of the linked websites is at your own risk.
Products & Services This website, and the products and services that are described or offered through the website, can be amended in whole or in part or terminated at any time. Users of the website should not expect the continuation of any part of the website nor of any products and services that are described or offered through the website. Some products and services may not be available in all geographic areas. Your eligibility for particular products and services is subject to final determination and acceptance by Timothy Plan.
Limitation of Liability In order to provide you with web services, Timothy Plan is unable to accept liability for any conduct, acts, or omissions at this website or any losses you may incur from using our site. In no event shall Timothy Plan be liable for any damages, losses, or expenses that arise in connection with the use of our website, the inability of anyone to use the site, or for any claims by third parties. Timothy Plan shall also not be liable for any damages, losses, or expenses that arise in connection with any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, or computer or system failure.
Privacy Policy The following is a description of the Funds' policies regarding disclosure of nonpublic personal information that you provide to the Funds or that the Funds collect from other sources. In the event that you hold shares of a Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary, the privacy policy of your financial intermediary would govern how your nonpublic personal information would be shared with nonaffiliated third parties.
Categories of Information the Funds Collect The Funds collect the following nonpublic personal information about you:
1. Information the Funds receive from you on or in applications or other forms, correspondence, or conversations (such as your name, address, phone number, social security number, assets, income and date of birth); and 2. Information about your transactions with the Funds, their affiliates, or others (such as your account number and balance, payment history, parties to transactions, cost basis information, and other financial information).
Categories of Information the Funds Disclose The Funds do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about their current or former shareholders to unaffiliated third parties, except as required or permitted by law. The Funds are permitted by law to disclose all of the information they collect, as described above, to their service providers (such as the Funds' custodian, administrator and transfer agent) to process your transactions and otherwise provide services to you.
Confidentiality & Security The Funds restrict access to your nonpublic personal information to those persons who require such information to provide products or services to you. The Funds maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard your nonpublic personal information.