http://tj-grace.com/exec/privacy.php?lg=E
HI!guest!
View Cart
Login In
Register
Company Profile
Products
All
SNOW SPORTS
WATER SPORTS
OUT DOOR SPORTS
OTHERS
New Products
News
Inquiry
Contact Us
Site Map
Home
Advanced Search
SNOWBOARDING& SURFING
Products
SNOW SPORTS
SnowBoard Binding
Snowboard Binding Parts
Snowboard and ski Acc.
Hand Tools
Stomp Pads
Cable Lock
Snow Grabbers / Ice spikes
Snow Shovel & Probe
Coil & Webbing leash
Coil leash
Webbing leash
SKI GOOGLE
Bags
Kid's Snow Equipment
WATER SPORTS
FINS
surf leashes
Surfing accessories
Board Cover
Stainless steel schackle
Divingleash/ Lanyard/ Free Diving Leash
OUT DOOR SPORTS
Shoe Buckle set
Bike Accessories
Climbing
Sports
Motorcycle tank anti-slip pad sticker
OTHERS
Garden Tool Series
Molded Rubber Parts
OEM Product
PET accessories
SPORTS GLASSES
NEW
KIDS
SUNGLASSES
otheracc
RSS
Product
Message
Subscribe Newsletters
Send
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
I. Introduction
Thank you for visiting our website. Your personal privacy is absolutely respected and protected by the website. To help you understand how the website collects, uses and protects your personal information, be sure to read the website "Privacy Policy". Thank you!
II. Scope of Application
Applicable: website or its related activities involving personal information collecting, using, and protecting.
Not Applicable: an independent management and operation third-party website linked thru the website. Each website has own unique privacy policy, so the liability is separated. When users make an inquiry on these websites, be sure to follow the particular website's privacy policy for all personal information.
III. Policy Content
Collect Information:
For the simple the website browsing and file downloading, users will not be collected for any personal information.
The website will record user IP address, time of Internet access, and the number of information search.
When using various services on the website, such as quote inquiry, we will ask users to provide the full name, phone, fax, e-mail and the respective authorities.
Use Information: Due to website internal management, by user's website access information, website traffic and online behavior can be processed as a "total analysis" for the important reference to enhance service quality, and this analysis will not apply to any "individual user".
Information Sharing: Unless your agreement or special law regulations, the website will never sell, exchange, or rent any of your personal information to other groups, individuals or private companies However, except for the following circumstances:
Cooperate with the lawful administration of justice if needed.
Cooperate with the related authorities in accordance with operational needs for investigation or use.
Disclosure is required by law, or for maintenance, improvement and management of the website service.
Cookies on Your Browser File:
To provide a better, a more personalized service, and to facilitate your participation in activities, cookies changes as your personal activities on the website change.
In order to count the number of visitors and analyze browsing patterns to understand the state of web browsing, the website will hold on the principle of privacy protection to write and read cookies in your browser.
IV. Consultation
If you have any questions or comments regarding the privacy policy on this website, please email or call to contact us.
V. Revision of Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy of this website will be revised at any time in response to demand. As revision takes place, the new terms will be published on the website.
Member AreaInquiryContact UsDownloadLinksCareerFAQPrivacy Policy
8F-6, NO.89, CHUNG CHENG 2ND ROAD, LING YA DISTRICT, KAOHSIUNG, TAIWAN R.O.C.
TEL: 886-7-2239956~7
FAX: 886-7-2239958
E-mail: lucychuan@tj-grace.com
Copyright © 8F-6, NO.89, CHUNG CHENG 2ND ROAD, LING YA DISTRICT, KAOHSIUNG, TAIWAN R.O.C.    Designed by www.gtut.com.tw
Taiwan Products
B2BManufactures
B2BChinaSources
Privacy Policy
Design by www.gtut.com.tw
You are the 753667 visitor