http://tmconsultancy.com/about/privacy-policy.php
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 01 October 2019
TMC Pharma Services Ltd. ("we," “us,” or “TMC”) is committed to protecting your privacy in accordance with
the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the UK Data Protection Act 2018 (DPA2018), and has
implemented the measures below to protect the personal data we process about you.
By "Personal Data", we
mean all information that relates directly or indirectly to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Personal Data does not include information that cannot be used to identify you or a natural person,
including aggregated or anonymised information. Our use of information that cannot identify a natural
person is not limited in any way by this notice.
Scope
This notice applies to all Personal Data gathered for and on behalf of TMC through websites or applications
operated by or on behalf of TMC and HTML-formatted e-mail messages, together with any and all offline
sources including sales and marketing activities (collectively, the “Sources”). By using the Sources, you
consent to the data collection and use practices described in this notice.
Effect of Other Notices
TMC has additional privacy notices or terms for specific purposes.
If you receive a privacy notice provided
to you for a specific purpose, the terms of the specific notice or contract will control your interaction
with TMC to the extent that notice conflicts with this notice.
Exclusions
Third-Party Sites.
The Sources may link to non-TMC websites, social networks or
applications (“Third-Party Sites”). Clicking on those links may allow the third party to collect or
share information about you. Those Third-Party Sites are beyond TMC’s control and are subject to the
terms of the Third-Party Sites’ privacy policies, and not the terms of this notice. TMC is not
responsible for the privacy practices or content of Third-Party Sites.
Customer Contracts. This notice does not apply to the Personal Data that we process
for our customers under our contracts with them. Our customer contracts will outline our data
protection obligations to them and to individuals (where applicable).
Our contact details
Data Protection Officer
Lodge Farm Barn, Elvetham Park Estate
Fleet Road, Hartley Wintney
Hants, RG27 8AS, UK
+44 (0) 1252 842255
Info@TMCPharma.com
What type of information we have
Through your interaction with and use of the Sources, TMC may collect Personal Data about you. Various
regulators define what constitutes Personal Data, but in general, it may include information such as your
name, physical address, telephone number, e-mail address, company affiliation, employment and educational
history, browsing history, and associated interests.
TMC may also collect statistical or aggregated information through your interaction with and use of the
Sources that does not reveal your specific identity nor directly relate to an individual. This other
information may include, but is not limited to, non-identifying browser and device information, data
collected through automated electronic interactions such as referring page, application usage data,
demographic information, geographic location, statistical and aggregated information. To learn more
about how we do this, please see the “Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies” portion of this
Privacy Notice.
Sensitive Personal Data
We do not generally collect Sensitive Personal Data through the Sources. "Sensitive Personal Data" refers to
categories of personal data identified by data privacy laws as requiring special treatment, including in
some circumstances the need to obtain explicit consent from you. These categories generally include racial
or ethnic origin, political opinions, financial background, religious or similar beliefs, sexual life,
trade union membership or affiliations, individual medical records and history, physical, mental or
physiological health condition or genetic or biometric information, ideological views or activities,
information on social security measures, or administrative or criminal proceedings and sanctions which are
treated outside pending proceedings.
If we seek to collect Sensitive Personal Data, we will do so in accordance with applicable law. Unless we
have specifically requested such data, we ask that you not share any Sensitive Personal Data with us.
How we get the information and why we have it
TMC collects Personal Data in a variety of ways:
Direct Interactions: You may choose to provide us with your Personal Data, for example
when you complete a form, during your use of and interaction with us through the Sources and other
activities such as sales inquiries and transactions.
Publicly Available Data/Data from Third Parties: We may also collect Personal Data
from other sources, for example from information you may have made publicly available or data provided
by third-party sources, such as marketing opt-in lists or data aggregators or list vendors. When we
obtain Personal Data from third-party sources, it is our practice to ask them to confirm that they have
legally acquired the Personal Data, that they have the right to disclose the Personal Data to us, and
that we have the right to use it.
Automated Interactions: We may collect Personal Data from the use of technologies such
as cookies and other tracking technologies. For example, we may log certain information that your
browser sends us when you use a Source, such as your IP address, browser type, version and language,
when you accessed the Source, the duration of time you accessed the Source, the referring website, and
information about the pages you may have visited on the Source. In addition, some of our Sources (such
as marketing e-mails you receive from us) may use technologies that tell us whether you’ve opened the
e-mail or clicked on the link. Please see the “Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies” portion of
this notice.
What we do with the information we have
We use Personal Data for many purposes, including to
(a) respond to your questions or other requests;
(b) provide you with information about TMC or your industry that may be of interest to you;
(c) contact you for responses to surveys or questionnaires;
(d) maintain, operate and administer the Sources; and
(e) for other purposes disclosed at the time you provide the Personal Data to us.
Disclosure to Third Parties
We may share Personal Data with third parties, as described below:
Companies and people who work for us: We contract with other companies and individuals
to help us provide services, including the Sources. For example, we may host some of our Sources on
nother company's computers or hire technical consultants to maintain our sites. In order to perform
their services, these other companies may have limited access to some of the Personal Data we maintain
about our users. Other companies may collect information on our behalf through their websites or
applications. We require that such companies not use your information for any purpose other than
fulfilling their responsibilities to us. We also require that such companies keep your Personal Data
confidential and comply with applicable laws. TMC’s practice is to (i) conduct reasonable and
appropriate due diligence on our service providers; and (ii) obtain written commitments regarding the
processing of Personal Data, including that the service provider will only handle Personal Data in
accordance with our instructions; adopt adequate technical and organisational measures to protect your
personal data; and not retain Personal Data when it is no longer required for completion of its
services.
Promotional and informational communications: Sometimes we send communications to
selected groups of users. To accomplish this, we may use third parties working on behalf of TMC. We
provide a variety of mechanisms for you to tell us you do not want to receive such promotional or
informational communications. You can elect not to receive promotional or informational material from
us by following the instructions to opt-out as mentioned or included in each of the communications we
send to you.
Legal requirements: We may be obligated to cooperate with various law enforcement
inquiries. TMC reserves the right to share or transfer your information to comply with a legal
requirement, disclose any activities or information about you to law enforcement or other government
officials as we, at our sole discretion, determine necessary or appropriate, in connection with an
investigation of fraud, for the administration of justice, intellectual property infringements, or
other activity that is illegal or may expose us or you to legal liability. We may release information
if, in our judgment the release may be necessary to prevent the death or serious injury of an
individual.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
We process Personal Data:
To perform contracts with you or to take steps at your request prior to entering into such contract;
To comply with a legal obligation;
For our legitimate business interests, which will be assessed in connection with the specific use of
Personal Data;
With your consent (or, where required to process Sensitive Personal Data, with your explicit consent),
which will be requested and given via the Sources or otherwise.
Withdrawal of Consent
If we process Personal Data based on your consent or your explicit consent, you have the right to withdraw
your consent in whole or in part at any time. Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn
your consent, we will no longer process the Personal Data for the purpose(s) to which you originally
consented unless there are compelling legitimate grounds that override your interests, rights and freedoms
(for example, to comply with a legal obligation), or for the establishment, exercise, or defence of legal
claims. If we processed Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any
time, in which case we will no longer process your Personal Data for such purposes. The withdrawal of your
consent does not affect the lawfulness of such processing that occurred before its withdrawal. Should you
withdraw consent to future processing of your Personal Data, we may not be able to contact or interact with
you as originally planned when you first provided your consent.
Cross-Border Transfers
TMC operates on a global basis, and your Personal Data may be transferred, accessed and stored globally as
necessary for the uses stated in this notice, or in another notice or agreement provided to you. We have
taken measures to protect the confidentiality, integrity, availability, and security of Personal Data when
it is transferred. By using the Sources (and if required by law), you consent to the transfer of information
to countries outside of your country of residence.
To the extent that your Personal Data is shared with service providers or other third parties processing
Personal Data on our behalf which are located outside your country of residence, it is our practice to
enter into appropriate contracts that require such third parties to comply with applicable data protection
laws.
Retention and Deletion
TMC will retain your Personal Data for as long as your account is active; as needed to provide you products
or services; as needed for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice or at the time of collection; as
necessary to comply with our legal obligations (e.g., to honour opt-outs), resolve disputes, and enforce
our agreements; or to the extent permitted by law. TMC does not retain Personal Data after it no longer
serves the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently authorised. At the end of the retention
period, TMC will delete your Personal Data in a manner designed to ensure that it cannot be reconstructed
or read.
Protection of Information
The security of your Personal Data is important to TMC. We use commercially reasonable physical, electronic,
and administrative safeguards that are designed to protect your Personal Data from loss, misuse and
unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, regardless of our efforts and the
device you use to access the Sources, it is possible that third parties may unlawfully intercept or access
transmissions or private communications over an unsecured transmission.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
The Sources and/or third parties may use “cookies” and other similar tracking technologies (collectively,
“Tracking Technologies”) to collect information from you automatically as you use the Sources, browse TMC
websites, and the web. These Tracking Technologies help us gather statistics about and understand website
and internet usage, improve the content, offerings, or advertisements through the Sources, help us offer
you programs or services that may be of interest to you, deliver relevant advertising, maintain and
administer the Sources, and for other purposes described in the "Uses of Information" section of this
Privacy Notice.
These Tracking Technologies collect “click stream” data and other information regarding your use of the
Sources, such as your visits, use of our features and preferences, and may also collect your IP address or
some other identifier unique to the device you use to access the Sources (“Identifier”). Your Identifier
may be automatically assigned to the device you use to access the Sources. By using the Sources, whether as
a registered user or otherwise, you acknowledge, understand, and hereby agree that you are giving us your
consent to track your activities and your use of the Sources through these technologies.
Cookies
"Cookies" are text files that a website can send to your device through your browser, which is then used to
identify your device by the website. Cookies can be both “session level” (stored only for until you close
your web browser), which help you efficiently navigate our Sources during a visit, and “persistent” (stored
for a longer period, even after you close your browser), which remember relevant information such as your
language preference. TMC Sources may use both session level and persistent cookies.
Cookies may also be “first-party cookies,” which are cookies that are placed by the website owner on a
website, or “third-party cookies,” which are cookies belonging to one party that are placed on another
party’s website. We may use both first- and third- party cookies on the Sources. Some of the third-party
cookies we use relate to Tracking Technologies we have licensed from third parties, including Google
Analytics. These companies use programming code to collect information about your interaction with our sites,
such as the pages you visit, the links you click on, and how long you are on our sites.
Other Tracking Technologies
We also use other technologies to collect information about how our Sources are used, gather statistics
about and understand website and internet usage, improve the content, offerings or advertisements
through the Sources, help us offer you programs or services that may be of interest to you, deliver
relevant advertising, maintain and administer the Sources and for other purposes described in the "Uses of
Information."
TMC Sources do not recognise automated “do not track” instructions. You can, however, adjust your web
browser’s privacy preferences regarding the use of most cookies. For example, you can remove existing
cookies and block future cookies from being placed on your device through your browser’s privacy settings.
Unless you choose to block cookies, some Sources may issue cookies when you visit our site or click on an
e-mail link that we send to you, even if you have previously deleted our cookies. In addition to deleting
or blocking cookies, you may be able to manage cookie preferences with the cookie manufacturer. For example,
you can opt out of Google Analytics by clicking here.
Children's Privacy
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. For that reason, we do not knowingly collect or
maintain personally identifiable information from any person we actually know is under the age of 13. No
part of the Sources are structured to attract anyone under the age of 13.
Your data protection rights
You may be entitled to certain rights in and to your Personal Data, subject to certain conditions and
exceptions contained in applicable law. These rights may include the following:
Request us to confirm whether your Personal Data is processed by us, and if we do, to obtain access
to your personal data and certain information about it.
Require the correction of your Personal Data if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Direct us to stop processing your Personal Data under certain circumstances.
Erase or delete your Personal Data, for example, where the data is no longer needed to achieve the
purpose for which it was collected.
Restrict the further processing of Personal Data
Request us not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including
profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you
(we currently do not engage in such processing and will notify you prior to doing so).
Request to receive your Personal Data for transmission to, or to directly transmit to, another data
controller in a structured, commonly-used and machine-readable format.
To protect your privacy and the security of your Personal Data, we will take reasonable steps to verify your
identity before complying with such rights requests.
Exercising Your Rights or Raising Concerns
Should you have questions about the Personal Data that we process, or if you have a question, concern, or
would like to exercise your legal rights in and to your Personal Data, please contact the TMC Data
Protection Officer using the contact details above.
How Your Dispute or Complaint May Be Resolved
Any questions, concerns, or complaints regarding the use of your Personal Data should be directed to the
TMC Data Protection Officer using the contact details above.
Changes to This Privacy Notice
We may periodically update this notice. When we post changes to this notice, we will also revise the “Last
Updated” date appearing at the top of the notice. We encourage you to review this notice periodically to
be informed of how we are using your information and to be aware of any changes to it. Your continued use
of the Sources after the posting of any amended notice shall constitute your agreement to be bound by any
such changes. Any changes to this notice are effective immediately after we post it.
How to complain
You can also complain to the ICO if you are unhappy with how we have used your data:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Helpline number: 0303 123 1113
© TMC Pharma 2020
Website by ASAP