https://tommo.com/terms-of-use/
Home
Humongous
Retroism
Distribution
Products
About Us›
About Us ‹ Back News
Licensing
Contact Us
Tommo.com Disclaimer
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using the Site.
By using this Site you signify your consent to these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to the Terms, please do not use the Site.
The Site is owned and operated by TOMMO, INC., a corporation incorporated under the laws of California, having its principle office in California. Tommo, Inc. maintains the Site for your personal entertainment and information. Please feel free to browse in the Site. You may download material displayed on the Site for non-commercial, home personal use only, provided you keep intact all copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices. You may not, however, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute in any way the contents of this Site including the text, images, audio and video for public or commercial purposes, without express written permission from Tommo, Inc.
Terms and Conditions
You should assume that everything you see or read on this Site is protected by copyright unless otherwise stated and may only be used according to these Terms and Conditions. Tommo, Inc. does not warrant or represent that your use of materials displayed on this Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with Tommo, Inc. Images are either the property of, or used with permission by, Tommo, Inc. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Tommo, Inc. uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the Site. However, Tommo, Inc., makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of the information. Tommo, Inc., assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the contents of this Site.
Furthermore, your use of and browsing in this Site is at your risk. Neither Tommo, Inc. nor any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is provided to you “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. Tommo, Inc. also assumes no responsibility and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the Site.
Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by Tommo, Inc. or its affiliates for any purpose, including but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, Tommo, Inc. is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing, and marketing products using such information.
The trademarks, and logos, displayed on the Site, are trademarks of the Tommo, Inc. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on the Site without the written permission of the Tommo, Inc. or such third party that may own the trademarks displayed on the Site. Regarding use of the trademarks, see Intellectual Property Rights.
Tommo, Inc. has not reviewed all of the sites linked to the Site and is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to the Site. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
Tommo, Inc. may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.
© Copyright Info
Sony, PlayStation and the Sony PlayStation logos are registered trademarks of Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. Microsoft, Xbox 360, and the Xbox 360 logo, are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corporation. LTD Nintendo, the official seal, Nintendo Wii U, Nintendo Wii, Nintendo DS, and the “N” logo are trademarks of Nintendo of America Inc. The ratings icon is a registered trademark of the Interactive Digital Software Association. All other marks are the property of their respective owners.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy