https://tommo.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Humongous
Retroism
Distribution
Products
About Us›
About Us ‹ Back News
Licensing
Contact Us
Privacy Policy Updated May 25, 2018
We are writing to let you know that we are updating our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy to comply with requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which is the European Union data protection law that goes into effect May 25, 2018.
After May 25, 2018 any collecting or use of data you allow us to store will be subject to our updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. These however things won’t change:
We only collect data that you choose to share with us when signing up for a Tommo Brand Newsletter or email blast, that information is kept offsite and is not part of the Tommo Brand websites you visit.
We neither store or receive any financial information about you – all transactions occur offsite with our transactional partner likes PayPal and similar services.
If any breach of information does occur, we will contact the effected parties and let them know.
We do not share or sell any information you give us with any outside group, agency or organization.
As always, you may easily opt out at any time by unsubscribing to any email you receive from us.
We are currently implementing additional tools on each of our sites to make opting out even easier and more transparent.
Although we are updating our Privacy tools, Our commitment to your privacy hasn’t changed. We remain dedicated to protecting you, your data and your experience on our sites.
For more information or additional questions, please do not hesitate to email us at customerserivce@tommo.com
Tommo, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Tommo is very concerned about the protection of privacy for all Tommo customers and Web site visitors.
Tommo respects your privacy and your choice not to have your personally identifiable information shared with other people.
Tommo collects personally identifiable data, such as names, addresses, e-mail addresses, and the like, only when voluntarily submitted through Tommo’s registration process by a customer or a Web site visitor. All information gathered in the registration process will be used only by Tommo, Inc. to improve Tommo’s products, services and Web site and to inform you of Tommo’s new products, new releases and promotional programs. Tommo will not share any personally identifiable information you provide with any other company without permission.
If you are 18 years or older, you may have the ability to e-mail other users or post messages on portions of the Tommo Web site. In the event that you do post messages on this site, remember that other users of this site will have access to your e-mail address and user name.
To protect the information you’ve given to Tommo, we use commercially reasonable measures to prevent others from accessing your information. Once you register with Tommo, we will send you a notice, via e-mail or the postal service, confirming the accuracy of the information we have for your registration. If you find any information inaccurate, you may correct information by sending us the correction via postal mail or e-mail and we will implement such correction. If at any time you want to update your contact information, or you do not want to receive new product information from us, let us know by contacting us at customerservice@tommo.com.
Tommo may use google and GPRU compliant “cookies” to enhance your experience at our Web site. Cookies are pieces of information that we may place on your computer to help “personalize” your visit to the site. For example, a cookie will allow us to remember certain things about you, such as your screen name or where you left off in a game. The cookie only tells us that you have visited the site and may contain certain information that will help us make your visit more enjoyable but does not give us your personally identifiable information.
Tommo’s Web sites may contain links to other sites for your convenience. Because Tommo does not operate these other sites, we cannot guarantee that they will observe the same privacy policy.
We encourage parents to monitor their children’s online use, and to help us protect their privacy by instructing them to never provide personally identifiable information, such as names and addresses, on this site or any other site without permission.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy