https://toolsforme.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentYou are here:Who we areOur website address is: https://toolsforme.org.What personal data we collect and why we collect itCommentsWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.MediaIf you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.CookiesIf you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.AnalyticsStatcounter is an online service which helps us to understand our visitors; for example, how visitors find our website, how long they spend on our site, which web pages they are most interested in etc. We use Statcounter because better understanding how visitors are interacting with our website helps us to improve the content, design and functionality of our site. This allows us to offer a better online experience to our visitors. Statcounter uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on visitors and visitor activity on our website. This data includes:Time and date of visit (this can help us to identify and plan for busy periods on our website)IP address (this is a numerical label assigned to a device by an Internet Service Provider to enable the device to access the internet)Browser and Operating System (this can help us to make sure that our website functions correctly in the browsers/operating systems used to access our site)Device Information e.g. device type and screen size (this can help us to make sure that our website functions correctly in the devices used to access our site)Referring Data e.g. a search engine link (this can help us to understand which search engines are helping visitors to find our website)Furthermore, when you visit our website a Statcounter cookie (called “is_unique”) may be placed in your browser. This cookie is used only to determine whether you are a first-time or returning visitor and to estimate unique visits to the site.You can learn more about cookies from StatCounter and set your browser to refuse same by clicking here.For further details, please see the Statcounter privacy policy.How long we retain your dataIf you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.What rights you have over your dataIf you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.Where we send your dataVisitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.FacebookTwitterPinterestLinkedInAbout UsOur job is to keep you updated with the best products that are worth the price and meets our quality standards. Just relax, read our reviews and choose your favorite tools with ease.Recent Posts
What do I Need to Start Reloading My Ammo in 2020?
Best Drill Bit Sharpener 2020 – Buying Guide and Reviews
Best Rosin Press 2020: Top 5 Buying Guide To Save Money
Best Chainsaw for Milling
Best Wire Feed Welder and Why It Is An Essential Tool For Every Welder About UsPrivacy PolicyAmazon Disclaimer