https://totalpartyplanner.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to https://www.totalpartyplanner.com and Computica Inc. dba Total Party Planner and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Computica Inc. dba Total Party Planner include https://www.totalpartyplanner.com and Total Party Planner. The Total Party Planner website is a business management site. By using the Total Party Planner website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Your relationship with us is based on trust and that you expect us to act responsibly and in your best interests. Because your personal and financial data is your private information, we hold ourselves to the highest standards in its safekeeping and use.
Collection of your Personal Information
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (c) sending us an email message; (d) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Total Party Planner does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Total Party Planner may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. Total Party Planner may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Total Party Planner, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Total Party Planner may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Total Party Planner or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Total Party Planner; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Total Party Planner, or the public.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Total Party Planner. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Total Party Planner website.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security of your Personal Information
Total Party Planner secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Total Party Planner uses the following methods for this purpose:
–  SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Disconnecting your Total Party Planner Account from Third Party Websites
You will be able to connect your Total Party Planner account to third party accounts. BY CONNECTING YOUR TOTAL PARTY PLANNER ACCOUNT TO YOUR THIRD PARTY ACCOUNT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE CONTINUOUS RELEASE OF INFORMATION ABOUT YOU TO OTHERS (IN ACCORDANCE WITH YOUR PRIVACY SETTINGS ON THOSE THIRD PARTY SITES). IF YOU DO NOT WANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU, INCLUDING PERSONALLY IDENTIFYING INFORMATION, TO BE SHARED IN THIS MANNER, DO NOT USE THIS FEATURE. You may disconnect your account from a third party account at any time. You may disconnect from third party integrations through the Profile & Preferences page.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, Total Party Planner may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Total Party Planner, you may opt out of such communications by Customers may unsubscribe from emails by clicking the UNSUBSCRIBE button.
External Data Storage Sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Changes to this Statement
Total Party Planner reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
Total Party Planner welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Total Party Planner has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Total Party Planner at:
Computica Inc. dba Total Party Planner
11126 Air Park Rd Ste 201
Ashland, Virginia 23005
Email Address:
legal@totalpartyplanner.com
Telephone number:
804.550.0505
Effective as of January 28, 2019