https://tradepressservices.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - Trade Press Services
Skip to content
(805) 496-8850
Toggle navigation
Home
Who We Are
What We Do
Our Services
Writing
Media Outreach
Marketing Support
Why Trade Press Services?
Expertise
Clients Served
Publications
Portfolio
Articles
White Papers
Case Studies
Books
Media
News/Blog
Blog
Newsletters
Published Articles
FAQs
Contact Us
Search for:
Trade Press Services Privacy Policy
Last updated: September 2020
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Trade Press Services (“Us”, “We” or “Our”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from Users (each, a “User”) of the www.tradepressservices.com website (the “Site”). This Privacy Policy applies to the site and all marketing communications by Trade Press Services. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from Users of the Site.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.Company (referred to as either “the Company”, “We”, “Us” or “Our” in this Agreement) refers to Trade Press Services, LLC, 2854 Sapra St., Thousand Oaks, CA 91362.Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website containing the details of Your browsing history on that website, among its many uses.Country refers to California, United StatesDevice means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, cell phone or digital tablet.Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.Service refers to the Website.Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.Third-party Social Media Service refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).Website refers to Trade Press Services, accessible from www.tradepressservices.com.You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Information Collection and Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name (“Personal Information”).
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the Site, we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
We collect information from you when you fill out a form or enter information on our Site.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site, you may opt in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Our Site may also use cookies to enhance User experience. Users’ web browsers place cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. Third-party vendors, including Google and Facebook, may use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Trade Press Services Site. Users may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies to alert them when cookies are being sent. If they do so, some parts of the Site may not function properly.
Embedded content from other websites
Content on this Site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to the Site.
Opting out
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add-on.
You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us using the details provided below. You will then be removed from the marketing email list. However, we may still communicate with you, for example, to send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account, to respond to service requests, or for other non-marketing purposes.
If you are using an authorized agent to exercise your right to opt-out, we may deny a request if the authorized agent does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf.
Personal Data Collection and Usage
We have collected the following categories of personal information in the past twelve (12) months:
CategoryExamplesCollectedA. IdentifiersContact details, such as real name, alias, postal address, telephone or mobile contact number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address and account nameYESB. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statuteName, contact information, education, employment, employment history and financial informationYESC. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal lawGender and date of birthYESD. Commercial informationTransaction information, purchase history, financial details and payment informationNOE. Biometric informationFingerprints and voiceprintsNOF. Internet or other similar network activityBrowsing history, search history, online behavior, interest data, and interactions with our and other websites, applications, systems and advertisementsNOG. Geolocation dataDevice locationYESH. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar informationImages and audio, video or call recordings created in connection with our business activitiesNOI. Professional or employment-related informationBusiness contact details in order to provide you our services at a business level, job title as well as work history and professional qualifications if you apply for a job with usYESJ. Education InformationStudent records and directory informationNOK. Inferences drawn from other personal informationInferences drawn from any of the collected personal information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristicsNO
We may also collect other personal information outside of these categories in instances where you interact with us in person, online, or by phone or mail in the context of:
Receiving help through our customer-support channelsParticipation in customer surveys or contests; andFacilitation in the delivery of our Services and to respond to your inquiries.
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, explore the Site, or to follow up after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries).
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety. We may use third-party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys.
Navigational Information may be provided to third parties, such as Google Analytics, and for marketing, advertising, website hosting, website analytics tracking, or other uses.
We may share your Personal and Navigational Information with a successor if all or part of our business is sold, merged, dissolved, acquired, or in a similar transaction, or in the event of a corporate reorganization.
We may share your Personal and Navigational Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant, or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights, property, or safety.
We expect all third parties to respect the security of your Information and to treat it in accordance with the law; however, they each maintain their own privacy policies that are not governed by us.
Trade Press Services, LLC has not disclosed or sold any personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months. Trade Press Services, LLC will not sell personal information in the future belonging to website visitors, users and other consumers.
Data Retention
When you provide your Personal Information to the Site, we will maintain your Personal Information for our records for as long as they are needed to execute the interests listed above unless you ask us to delete this information.
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
We retain Personal Information that you provide us as long as we consider it potentially useful in contacting you about our services or as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements, and then we securely delete the information. We will delete this information from the servers at an earlier date if you so request, as described in “Your Rights” below.
Data Protection
We only provide content and information. We never ask for credit card numbers on our Site.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Third-party Links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
Your Rights
You have the right to access Personal Information we hold about you and to ask that your Personal Information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us via email at info@tradepressservices.com. We will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your information within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action we have taken.
You may unsubscribe from our email communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our emails, by replying directly to the email and asking to unsubscribe, or by sending us an email at info@tradepressservices.com.
Depending on the circumstances, you have a right to know:
Whether we collect and use your personal information;The categories of personal information that we collect;The purposes for which the collected personal information is used;Whether we sell your personal information to third parties;The categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose;The categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose; andThe business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.
In accordance with applicable law, we are not obligated to provide or delete consumer information that is de-identified in response to a consumer request or to re-identify individual data to verify a consumer request.
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Industry Regulatory Disclosure Requirements
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above.You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page.You can change your personal information by emailing us.
Do Not Track Signals
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage, no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.
Third-party Behavioral Tracking
We do not allow third-party behavioral tracking.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email within 7 business days.We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
• Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
• Email periodic informational newsletters.
To be in accordance with CAN-SPAM, we agree to:
• Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses
• Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
• Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters
• Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance
• Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at info@tradepressservices.com and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
If you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Website, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Website. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Website, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from all our systems (e.g. backups, etc.).
CCPA Privacy Notice
The California Code of Regulations defines a “resident” as:
Every individual who is in the State of California for other than a temporary or transitory purpose andEvery individual who is domiciled in the State of California who is outside the State of California for a temporary or transitory purposeAll other individuals are defined as “non-residents.”
If this definition of “resident” applies to you, certain rights and obligations apply regarding your personal information.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights
We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
Verification Process
Upon receiving your request, we will need to verify your identity to determine you are the same person about whom we have the information in our system. These verification efforts require us to ask you to provide information so that we can match it with the information you have previously provided us. For instance, depending on the type of request you submit, we may ask you to provide certain information so that we can match the information you provide with the information we already have on file, or we may contact you through a communication method (e.g. phone or email) that you have previously provided to us. We may also use other verification methods as the circumstances dictate.
We will only use personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request. To the extent possible, we will avoid requesting additional information from you for the purposes of verification. If, however, if we cannot verify your identity from the information already maintained by us, we may request that you provide additional information for the purposes of verifying your identity, and for security or fraud-prevention purposes. We will delete such additionally provided information as soon as we finish verifying you.
Other Privacy Rights
You may object to the processing of your personal dataYou may request correction of your personal data if it is incorrect or no longer relevant, or ask to restrict the processing of the dataYou can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf. We may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf in accordance with the CCPA.You may request to opt-out from future selling of your personal information to third parties. Upon receiving a request to opt-out, we will act upon the request as soon as feasibly possible, but no later than 15 days from the date of the request submission.
To exercise these rights, you can contact us by email at info@tradepressservices.com, by calling at (805) 496-8850, or by referring to the contact details at the bottom of this document. If you have a complaint about how we handle your data, we would like to hear from you.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of September 1, 2020, and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us at:
Trade Press Services
Attn: Privacy
2854 Sapra St.
Thousand Oaks, CA  91362
(805) 496-8850
info@tradepressservices.com
www.tradepressservices.com
Who We Are
What We Do
Why Trade Press Services?
Portfolio
News/Blog
FAQs
Contact
Privacy Policy
Ph:(805) 496-8850
Fx:(805) 374-9167
Enter Your Email to Subscribe to Our Newsletter:*
*
I have read and accept the Privacy Policy
© 2020 Trade Press Services. All rights reserved.