http://tradenetwork.org/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy PolicynetaDm1n!2018-07-12T21:05:31+00:00
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their “Personally identifiable information” (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, social security number or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information collected from you for registering, making a purchase, signing up for our newsletter, responding to a survey or for marketing communication, surfing the website, or using it to certain other site featuring in the following ways:
* To personalize the users experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
* To allow us to service you in better ways by responding to your customer service requests.
* To quickly process your transactions.
How do we protect visitor information?
* Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
* Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such
systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
* We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order to enter, submit, or access their information to maintain the safety of your * personal information.
* All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use “cookies”?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers’ hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we may use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services.
We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We use cookies to understand and save users preferences for future visits.
You can choose to have your computer warning each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all the cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browsers Help Menu to learn the correct way of modifying your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser, some features (including but not limited to account information and access to members area) may be disabled.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online. We do not market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur, we will notify the users via email or in site notification within seven business days.
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
Membership LoginExclusive Member Benefits
Request Information
Affiliations
Privacy Policy
Go to Top