https://tradelinkllc.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us
This notice (“Privacy Notice”) is provided by TradeLink Holdings L.L.C. and applies to entities affiliated with TradeLink Holdings, including TradeLink Worldwide Ltd., Montec LLC and TradeLink Capital LLC (collectively, “we” or “us”), and sets out our policies with respect to the collection, sharing, use (collectively “processing”) and protection of personal information. “Personal information” means information about individuals (including you), and from which such individuals could be identified. The Privacy Notice applies when you interact with us through this Website.
How we collect information about you
We may collect personal data about you through this website, through information provided directly to us by you, or third parties. We collect and use different types of personal information about you, which will vary in type and detail depending on our relationship with you and the law. We may also, in some circumstances, receive personal information about you from third parties, such as service providers or trading counterparties, regulatory or law enforcement agencies, credit reference agencies and other agencies conducting background checks. Personal information may also be obtained from publicly accessible sources of information.
What are the consequences of failing to provide your personal information
Our regulated financial entities are subject to legal and regulatory obligations that may require us, depending on our relationship with you, to collect and store your personal information, such as the requirements to comply with the applicable law on prevention of financial crime, tax, and regulatory reporting, or the rules on recording and monitoring of communications. We may also need to collect and use your personal information for the purposes of entering into or the performance of a contractual arrangement between us. A refusal to provide us with personal information may, depending on the purpose for which your personal information is required, have various consequences such as us being unable to communicate with you, the termination of any service or other contractual arrangement between us, or, where we have a reasonable suspicion of illegal activity, we may be required to make a report to regulatory or law enforcement agencies.
The types of personal data we may collect and use
The categories of personal data we may collect may include names, residential addresses or other contact details, signature, nationality, date, and place of birth, social security or other tax identification number, photographs, copies of identification documents, bank account details, information about assets or net worth, credit history, source of funds details, or other sensitive information, such as certain special categories of personal data contained in relevant documents or materials (including, in some circumstances, information about a person’s ethnic origin, religious or political beliefs, health, or biometric data).
Do we share your personal information with third parties
We may (to the extent relevant to the purpose for which we collect your information), share your personal data with third parties, such as:
our affiliates or other entities that are part of our group;
any person to whom we have a right or obligation to disclose personal data, or where we determine that disclosure is necessary to protect or defend our rights or property, including with regulators, courts of law, governmental, regulatory or law enforcement agencies;
our internet, IT, telecommunications and other service providers, including legal advisers, accountants, payroll administrators, insurance and employee benefits providers;
trading counterparties, placement agents or distributors, brokers, banks, trading venues, clearinghouses, custodians, corporate services providers, administrators of our funds;
credit reference agencies and other third parties conducting background checks in the context of employment or client or counterparty due diligence;
any person, as directed by you; or
any person to whom we transfer any of our rights or obligations under any agreement, or in connection with a sale, merger or consolidation of our business or other transfer of our assets, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, or who is otherwise deemed to be our successor or transferee.
We do not collect your personal data for direct marketing purposes. We do not share your information with nonaffiliates for them to market their own services to you.
Use of Cookies
We may send text files (e.g., “cookies” or other cached files) or images to your web browser to store information on your computer. Such text files and images are used for technical convenience to store information on your computer. For instance, we may use a session cookie to store form information that you have entered so that you do not have to enter such information again. We may use information stored in such text files and images to customize your experience on this website and to monitor the use of this website. You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Many web browsers also allow you to block cookies. If you block cookies you may not be able to access certain parts of this website. You can disable cookies from your computer system by following the instructions on your browser or at www.allaboutcookies.org.
©2020 TradeLink LLC. All Rights reserved. Privacy Policy
Website Design By Lounge Lizard