https://trailwest.bank/privacy/
Skip to Content
Login to the Online Banking Website
Web Privacy Policy
This
Web Privacy Policy explains how TrailWest Bank collects and uses the
information you provide to us, to help you make informed decisions when you use
our website, vendor sites or mobile applications. Please be sure to read this
entire Privacy Policy before using our digital properties. If you do not agree
to this Web Privacy Policy, then you should not use our websites or apps. This
Web Privacy Policy is specific to our websites and apps and does not supercede
our general Privacy Policy.
Cookies and Advertising TrailWest Bank uses third party cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect or receive information on our website and other internet platforms. Through the use of these technologies, TrailWest Bank may collect anonymized information from visitors to our website, such as date and time of visit, IP addresses, pages visited, browser versions, device type, etc. This information is used for analytics and troubleshooting purposes.
Analytics
We
use Google Analytics to better understand how visitors interact with our
website. This service provides non-personally identifiable data including but
not limited to data on where visitors came from and what actions they took on
the websites. We use this information to improve your experience. Please click here to
learn more about this service and how to opt out of data collection by Google
Analytics.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
(COPPA)
TrailWest
Bank’s website, online banking and mobile application are not directed to
individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that these
individuals do not provide Personal Information through these sites. We do not
knowingly collect information from children under 13 without parental consent.
Visit the Federal
Trade Commission website for more information about the Children’s Online
Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
Trailwest Bank may
update this policy at any time. We will notify you of any material changes to
our Web Privacy Policy by posting any updated policies on this page.
Need A Loan?
Personal Loan
Commercial Loan
Real Estate Loan
Agricultural Loan
Loan Information
Financial Tools
Find the Right Account
Business Savings
Business Loan
Business Checking
Personal Checking
Personal Savings
Personal Loans
Mortgage Loans
Download our online banking app to your mobile device:
LIVE CHAT