https://transco-ind.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Home
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We Are Transco Industries
Transco Industries was founded in 1961 by Jack Brown and Mead Lofland. Originally a mill service company primarily repairing conveyors in the sawmills of the Northwest, Transco has grown to become a leader in steel fabrication, water technologies, industrial design, as well as conveyor components, design, installation, maintenance, and repair.
Transco’s 100,000 square foot AISC-Certified Portland, Oregon Manufacturing Center includes complete fabrication, sandblasting and a painting facility.
We – or others – may read, collect, or use any information you submit in a public forum (e.g., a blog, chat room or social network) to personalize your experience. You are responsible for the information you choose to submit in these instances. Although we do attempt to monitor user-posted content, such material is not subject to this privacy statement.
Data Privacy
Transco Industries, Inc.  recognizes the privacy interest of individuals with respect to personal information provided to its marketing organization and is committed to protecting this interest. By providing personal information to us, you consent to the collection and use of such information in accordance with this privacy statement. Because this service is available to individuals worldwide, you also are consenting to the transfer of your personal information to countries or jurisdictions that may not provide the same level of data protection as the jurisdiction in which you are located. When you use our site, you may transmit data to servers located in the United States that are subject to United States law. You should not send any personal information to this site unless you agree to this privacy statement and to be bound by United States and Ohio law.
What personal information do we collect?
We collect the name, address, email address, phone number, country, credit card number and other personal information you may choose to provide to us via the forms on this site.
How do we use this personal information?
We use personal information obtained from submissions to fulfill your requests for information, to contact you or to process an order. We may use a visitor’s personal information for purposes of receiving and processing an order through the site, and for shipping, returns, and customer satisfaction reviews. We also use visitors’ personal information to assist in marketing products and services that we – and our business partners – offer, as well as to facilitate online purchases of our products, and to enhance the content of our site.
Security Measures
We take reasonable measures to protect personal information against loss, manipulation, falsification, unauthorized access, or unauthorized disclosure by any party inside or outside Transco Industries, Inc. . Personal information is stored in a secured location.
Disclosure of Personal Information to Others
We do not sell, trade or rent to any unaffiliated third parties your personally identifiable information collected on our site. We do use the anonymous data and the personally identifiable information collected through our site for statistical purposes, for improving the site, for our marketing purposes, for our responses to your questions or requests for information, and potentially for sending commercial emails to you. We often engage third parties’ software or services to assist us with these analyses and activities, in which case such information may be shared with them for these purposes (e.g., your email address with our outbound email marketing provider).
We contract with other companies to provide certain services, including shipping, name and address verification, email distribution, market research, promotions management and payment processing. We provide these companies with only the information they need to perform their services, which may include sending you newsletters and emails periodically, although you will have the choice to opt out of receiving newsletters and promotional emails for our products and/or services. We prohibit these companies, by contract, from using this information for their own marketing purposes or from sharing this information with anyone other than Transco Industries, Inc. . As a practical matter, we must release your mailing address to a postal or courier service to deliver information you request or products you purchase.
If any entity sells, transfers or uses as security Transco Industries, Inc.  Corporation or its assets, we may transfer or share the information collected on our site with third parties as part of that transaction. We may also provide information or provide access to information to any of our affiliated businesses or to our business partners. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this privacy statement, we may also disclose personally identifiable information in order to respond to a subpoena, court order or other similar request or legal process. We may also provide such personally identifiable information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request, as otherwise required by law, or if we believe, in our reasonable judgment, that providing such information is necessary for us to avoid criminal or civil liability.
Accessing Your Personal Information
Upon request, and after providing satisfactory proof of identity, we will give individuals access to the personal information they have provided.
If you would like to add your name to our marketing list, request that we remove your name, or correct your current information, please write us at info@Transco-Ind.com.
Please include your full name and telephone number in case we have any questions. You can also opt out of receiving email communications from Transco Industries, Inc.  by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in our emails. We will make a reasonable effort to accommodate your request.
Children’s Privacy
Transco Industries, Inc.  does not knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under the age of 13. We ask children under 13 not to transmit any information to this Site.
Revisions
From time to time, Transco Industries, Inc.  may revise this privacy statement at its discretion. We will make updates and changes on this page. Your submission of information following the posting of changes to this privacy statement will constitute your acceptance of those changes.
March 15, 2019
We Followed The Core Values Safety and Health Inspection Environmental Engineering Environmental Consulting Reliability and Safety Assessment
Our Strategic Sustainability
Tumblr photo booth normcore, Bushwick Brooklyn hella fixie YOLO locavore umami Shoreditch. 3 wolf moon selfies readymade slow-carb, 90’s craft beer synth sustainable. Lomo raw denim hoodie, ennui tilde trust fund gentrify Neutra Intelligentsia lumbersexual cornhole authentic.
Leadership with IntegrityInnovative EngineeringFocus On Our ClientsHigh Quality ProfessionalsLeaderShip Team
Contact information
For more information, please contact Jason at jasonbrown@transco-ind.com or Mike at Mgibson@transco-ind.com
Head Office
Portland, Oregon Manufacturing & Service
5534 NE 122nd Avenue, Portland, OR 97230
Phone No
Toll Free: 800-545-9991
Company News
Stay tuned our blog is coming soon!
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTManage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.