http://tranzon.com/privacy.aspx
CLICK HERE TO SEE THE PROPERTIES IN OUR NATIONAL AUCTION SALES EVENT!
HomePRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
www.tranzon.com last updated September 21, 2017.
Introduction
The following describes the privacy practices of Tranzon, LLC (or "Tranzon," also referred to as "we," "us," or "our") for operation of the website: www.tranzon.com (the “Site”). We recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of certain Personal Information (as defined below) collected from our customers and prospective customers (referred to as "Customers," "you" or "your").
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Site. By accessing or using this Site, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Site after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes. Please check this Privacy Policy periodically for updates.
Information We Collect
We gather certain types of information from our Customers, including:
(1) Information that you provide through optional, voluntary registration on our Site. This includes any Personal Information that you share or include on any online forms throughout our registration process or during your use of the Site (like in emails, chats, or any public posts viewable on our Site);
(2) Transaction data that you provide if you choose to engage in online bidding on our Site, including credit card information; and
(3) Information from the tracking of page views or your usage of our Site.
Tranzon will make commercially reasonable efforts to keep from disclosing such Personal Information to third parties without your consent, except as may be noted in this Privacy Policy, or as may be disclosed to you when you share such Personal Information with us.
How We Collect Information
Most web sites, including our Site, gather information from those who view the site. Our Site gathers both non-identifying usage information, such as the type of browser that you are using and your Internet Protocol addresses, and specific identifying information, such as your name and address, when you voluntarily register with the Site.
We use the following methods to collect certain types of information from our Customers:
Usage tracking:
We track how you use our Site to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Site. Tracking your use of certain portions of the Site also enables us to figure out what Customers are interested in, so that we can create a better Site with more tailored and relevant information.
Internet Protocol ("IP") Address:
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer or server whenever you access the internet so that your computer can be recognized by other computers, such as "web servers," that store and provide web pages. Tranzon may collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to report aggregated information to our advertisers, and to audit the use of our Site. When a browser requests pages from our Site, our servers record the requesting browser's IP address. We do not normally associate IP addresses to your Personal Information. A Customer's session and usage information may be stored, but that particular Customer will remain anonymous. However, Tranzon reserves the right to use an IP address to identify a Customer when it is required by law, necessary to enforce compliance with our Privacy Policy or Terms & Conditions of Use, or to protect our Site, customers, or others.
Cookies:
If you choose to participate in online bidding, you may be required to submit additional Personal Information, such as your bank account number or other financial information to enable and complete your transaction. While we may also track transaction information during the online bidding process, this information is typically presented in the aggregate and is not normally associated with or connected to your Personal Information.
Registration:
We collect certain information from you when you voluntarily register at our "Registration" web page or if you request information or a service from us. You can choose not to provide us this information and still research our auction services, but registration is required for online bidding and for notification about upcoming auctions. Registration information includes, but is not limited to, name, address, telephone number, email address, and the types of auctions you may be interested in. Our most common use of registration information is to notify you about auctions that you designated would be of interest to you or to deliver specific services to you. From time to time, Tranzon may also use this information to inform you about other Tranzon products or services. Registration information may be updated or changed by logging in and accessing the “Registration” web page.
Online Bidding:
If you choose to participate in online bidding, you may be required to submit additional Personal Information, such as your bank account number or other financial information to enable and complete your transaction. While we may also track transaction information during the online bidding process, this information is typically presented in the aggregate and is not normally associated with or connected to your Personal Information.
How We Share Information
"Personal Information" includes data that reasonably can be used to identify an individual, such as, your name, email address, phone number, credit card and billing information, username, password, or any other non-public information that we request or that you chose to provide to us, including information provided should you choose to register to use our Site. Tranzon will make commercially reasonable efforts to protect such Personal Information from disclosure to unrelated or unaffiliated third parties, except (a) when you have agreed otherwise; (b) under the specific circumstances that are described herein: or (c) in special circumstances or other situations, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, to enforce compliance with our Site, Terms & Conditions of Use, or to protect our Site, customers, or others.
Of course, unsolicited material, information, or ideas (i.e., other than Personal Information provided during the registration process) that you email or transmit to Tranzon will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, and may be disseminated or used by Tranzon or its affiliates for any purpose whatsoever.
The following describes some of the specific circumstances under which we may disclose Personal Information:
Member Companies of Tranzon, LLC:
All auction and sales listings on the Tranzon Site are offered by member companies of Tranzon, acting as an auctioneer/listing agent. Each member company is solely responsible for its listings, services, and the specific terms and conditions for its auctions and sales. The member companies of Tranzon are independently owned and operated; and they use the Tranzon name by license from Tranzon, LLC. By voluntarily submitting information to us, you agree that Tranzon may disclose some or all of your Personal Information to these member companies. Member companies of Tranzon use your Personal Information to provide services to you, perform transactions that you request, and to provide information to you relating to their services, pending, or future auctions.
Third Party Referrals:
We may occasionally refer a prospective Customer to a referral partner outside of the Tranzon network or partner with a third party firm if the Customer’s property is outside of our service areas. In such cases, the Customer’s information is shared with the third party with whom we are partnering to service the Customer’s needs.
Aggregated Usage Data:
As described above, Tranzon may aggregate information about patterns of use of the Tranzon Site for system administration, reporting to member companies or advertisers, and to audit the use of the Site. "Aggregate" means that names or other identifiers are not necessary for describing such Site usage, our Customers and their preferences, and ordered services. Aggregate information is often shared with prospective partners, advertisers, certain third parties that we work with, and for other lawful purposes. We may disclose aggregated information about our users and information that does not identify any individual without restriction.
Look-Alike Audiences:
Tranzon may use Personal Information collected from or shared by you to develop look-alike audiences for marketing purposes. Your Personal Information is not shared with any other third parties, nor are any specific individuals targeted for marketing purposes in the development of look-alike audiences.
Other Situations:
Tranzon may disclose your Personal Information when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary, including (a) to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Privacy Policy or Terms & Conditions of Use or causing injury to or interference (either intentionally or unintentionally) with any of Tranzon's rights or property (including our Site), other Customers, or anyone else; (b) to protect against fraud or unauthorized transactions; (c) to comply with authorized civil, criminal, or regulatory investigations; or (d) to the extent permitted or required under state or federal law.
Data Security
We have in place reasonable procedures to protect the information we collect online in order to meet industry standards. Any payment or online bidding transactions will be encrypted and processed by a third party vendor. However, as effective as these measures are, no security system is impenetrable. Any transmission is at your own risk. We cannot guarantee the absolute security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted or accessed by a third party while being transmitted over the internet.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask that you not share your password with anyone.
Phishing
We ask users of this Site and Tranzon services to be aware of “phishing” attempts (the fraudulent practice of sending e-mails claiming to be from a trusted source in an attempt to gain access to an individual’s sensitive information). Tranzon will not request sensitive financial information, passwords, or personal details, whether unsolicited or via non-secure means. Tranzon will never send you an e-mail requesting private or sensitive information or linking you to a website which requests such information.
Should you become aware of any such communications or phishing activities that purport to be from or associated with Tranzon, please contact us immediately.
E-mails and Other Communications
When you perform certain actions on the Tranzon Site, such as subscribing to receive Tranzon auction alerts or registering to bid on an auction, you are agreeing to allow Tranzon to contact you in accordance with the preferences you set. You may update or change these preferences at any time by logging in to the Tranzon Site and updating your delivery preferences and other notification settings.
Please note that Tranzon may send non-promotional communications – such as bidding or property details you have requested or other information relevant to your account – regardless of your promotional communications preferences.
Mobile Application
If you have installed Tranzon’s mobile application on a mobile device, you may receive push notifications about newly added properties, auctions ending soon, or other services that may be relevant to you via the mobile application. If you are registered for an auction, you may also receive notifications via the Tranzon mobile application about the status of such auction.
You may change your notification preferences or opt out of mobile application push notifications in the “Settings” menu for the mobile device you are using to access our mobile application.
Advertisements, Links, and Other Third Party Items
The owners of unrelated web sites, such as online retailers, advertisers, unrelated sites that we might link to, or web sites that link to our Site, may collect or request Personal Information directly from you. The information policies and practices of these unrelated companies are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Please visit the sites of these businesses to review their privacy policies and practices. We do not control and we are not responsible or liable for the privacy policies of other sites to which we provide hyperlinks or access. It is your responsibility to review them and decide if you are satisfied with their protections. You should also be aware that, when you voluntarily disclose Personal Information in online forms, emails, chat areas, or bulletin boards on our Site, that information may be collected by others and can result in unsolicited messages from others.
Except as stated in this Privacy Policy, or by appropriate notice, it is Tranzon's policy not to transfer Personal Information to a third party outside Tranzon, its member companies, divisions, its affiliates, or its service vendors.
Social Media Information
You may be given the option to register for or access certain areas of the Tranzon Site or Tranzon mobile application through third party social media platforms. If you select this option, Tranzon may collect certain profile information which is stored in your social media account.
Third Party Service Providers
Tranzon may engage third party service providers to facilitate certain functions or services of our Site, or to perform Site-related services such as Site maintenance and security, database management, or analytics. These third party service providers have access to your Personal Information only for the purposes of performing these tasks on Tranzon’s behalf and are obligated not to disclose it.
Tranzon may obtain personal, demographic, or behavioral data from third parties such as social media platforms, information service providers, or other third party information providers for purposes including, but not limited to, data validation, fraud detection, and marketing.
Business Transfer
Tranzon may transfer or share its information, including Personal Information, with any buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Tranzon's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Tranzon about our Site users is among the assets transferred.
Opt-Out Right
You have a choice about how we use your Personal Information to communicate with you. If you are a registered user you may opt out at any time by deactivating your account or changing your account preferences. You may also send us an email at Info@tranzon.com to request access to, correct or delete any Personal Information that you have provided to us. You may also opt out of receiving certain emails or communications from us by changing the relevant settings in your user account or profile or by clicking “unsubscribe” at the bottom of the email. When you deactivate your account, you will not be able to use our online bidding services and your information will not be capable of being viewed through the Site or our mobile application. However, even after you deactivate your account, your information including, name and email address, may be retained by us as backup copies for legal and compliance reasons.
Revisions
Tranzon may, at any time, revise this Privacy Policy by updating this posting on our Site. By using this Site under the revised terms, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review our current Privacy Policy. If a court of competent jurisdiction rules any portion of this Privacy Policy to be invalid or unenforceable, then such portions should be deemed amended in order to achieve as closely as possible the same effect as originally drafted.
Dispute Resolution
If you choose to browse our Site, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and the Tranzon Terms & Conditions of Use. Any claim relating to the use of this Site, its materials, and any sales hereunder will be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without regard to conflict of laws rules, or U.S. intellectual property laws, and Virginia will be the sole jurisdiction and venue for any litigation arising from the use of this Site. By using this Site and its related pages you are acknowledging that you have read, understood, and agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree, then please do not use this Site.
Information From Minors
Our Site is not intended for minors under 18 years of age. Tranzon does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18 years of age. If you are under the age of 18, please do not use or register to use our Site or attempt to provide information to Tranzon.
Updates to Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting any changes on our Site within a reasonable time of the change going into effect. You should routinely monitor this Privacy Policy and our Site for periodic updates.
This notice updates and replaces any previous notices from Tranzon about the privacy, security, and protection of information from this Site.
Contact Us
Questions or comments relating to this Privacy Policy or our Site may be sent to us by email at Info@Tranzon.com.
Search Our Properties Now