https://traqit.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footer Skip to footer navigation
913.498.1221
info@traqit.com
FacebookLinkedInTwitter
Privacy Policy
Your privacy on TRAQ-IT Online.
We at TRAQ-IT appreciate and value your business and we understand how important privacy is to our customers. As a result, TRAQ-IT has implemented significant safeguards to protect your confidentiality and company information. We recognize that a perfect security system does not yet exist in the electronic commerce industry. However, TRAQ-IT customers can be assured that our privacy practices are held to higher standards and are continually reviewed to ensure your company and personal information is safeguarded. Our goal is to reinforce the trust that you have placed in us.
Why do we gather information?
TRAQ-IT’s use of information gathered from you is to provide a customized and efficient online experience while visiting our site. TRAQ-IT’s aim is to provide targeted information and features tailored to meet your needs. Information gathered from you and your company allows TRAQ-IT to conduct internal research on demographics, interests and needs to enhance the user experience. This information is compiled and analyzed to better understand and serve our users.
Will outside parties have access to my information?
TRAQ-IT will not release its customers information, under any circumstance, to any third party without your consent, TRAQ-IT will not send promotional electronic mail messages to you if you requested not to be included. We also will not record any information you provide to any website other than www.TRAQ-IT.com. Unless required by law or an emergency, we will NOT read e-mails that are private that are not directed to TRAQ-IT.
How we gather information.
We collect information from you when you specifically and directly fill out a form that tells us about you, such as a registration form. TRAQ-IT gathers information through technological methods common to Internet use; such as indirect cookie and log file information.
What about Registration information?
TRAQ-IT’s intent and focus are to use information gathered from you to provide a customized and efficient online experience while visiting our site. This allows TRAQ-IT to provide targeted service and to provide information and features tailored to meet your needs. The information is compiled internally to allow TRAQ-IT to analyze user demographics, interests and needs to better understand and serve our customers.
Using “cookies”.
TRAQ-IT may employ the use of “Cookies” with its website. Cookies are small files of information which save retrievable information about your visit to TRAQ-IT. This information is stored on your computer’s hard drive, not on our site. TRAQ-IT uses cookies to compile and deliver personalized information based on your stated preferences and interest. The cookies help simplify and improve your navigation experience. Remember, you can disable cookies by changing the settings in the preferences or options menu in your browser. You can reject or decline the use of cookies and still use our website.
Log files.
During your visit to TRAQ-IT, we automatically track certain information about your use of our site, what browser you are using and your IP address. This information allows TRAQ-IT to analyze market trends, better administer the website, track visitors’ movement, interests, and to gather broad demographic and market information for use in the aggregate. This broad information collected is not linked to any personally identifiable information of yours.
Links to other Web sites & Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
This website contains links to other websites. TRAQ-IT is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites. Since TRAQ-IT has no control over the privacy policies of other websites, we encourage you to read and research the privacy statements of each website you visit that collects personally identifiable information. Most importantly, we encourage you to ask questions before disclosing any personal information to third parties.
At TRAQ-IT we want to provide a positive Internet experience for you. This Privacy Policy is our commitment that we will respect your privacy, and that we value the trust you’ve placed in us. If you have additional questions about this policy, please contact us
The information contained in this privacy policy document pertains only to the use and disclosure of information TRAQ-IT collects from you.
webmaster@traqit.com.
Primary SidebarFooterAbout Us
TRAQ-IT Software is a leading developer and provider of software solutions for tradeshow organizers, corporate event managers and exhibitors. Since 1998, TRAQ-IT has provided tradeshow managers with award-winning solutions for planning, organizing, managing and reporting their activities.
More About Us
Connect with Us
Sales: 913.498.1221
Email: info@traqit.com
FacebookLinkedInTwitter
Our Newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter to get the latest updates from our blog. We respect your privacy.
Email*
Tweets by TRAQ-IT
Tweets by TRAQIT
attendee-session-tracking
online-registration
onsite-express
comprehensive-reporting
event-management
expense-control
inventory-tracking
icon-collaboration
icon-meeting
icon-mobile-friendly
icon-widgets