https://treasuryrecruitment.com/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Privacy Statementhypedmarketing2020-10-26T15:42:05+00:00
Privacy StatementWhilst The Treasury Recruitment Company Limited provides the information on this web-site to anyone, copyright of all text and images belongs to The Treasury Recruitment Company Limited or our suppliers. This means that you may NOT: distribute the text or graphics to others without the express written permission of The Treasury Recruitment Company; ‘mirror’ or include this information on your own server or documents without our permission; modify or re-use the text or graphics on this system.
You MAY: print copies of the information for your own personal use; store the files on your own computer for your personal use; reference hypertext documents on this server from your own documents.
The Treasury Recruitment Company Limited reserves all other rights.
Product and service names profiled herein are trademarks and service marks of The Treasury Recruitment Company Limited. Other manufacturers’ product and service names profiled herein are trademarks and service marks of their respective companies.
The Treasury Recruitment Company Limited does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of information on this server and in the interest of continued improvement reserves the right to modify design features without prior notice.
Disclaimer
This website is maintained for the use of The Treasury Recruitment Company Limited’s customers, users, partners and stakeholders. The content of this website is the copyright of The Treasury Recruitment Company Limited and may only be downloaded for personal and non-commercial purposes. The Treasury Recruitment Company Limited and its trading companies take all reasonable efforts to ensure the information contained in this website is accurate and up to date but makes no warranties or representations, implied or otherwise, as to the contents of this website. The Treasury Recruitment Company Limited and its trading companies shall not be liable for damages of any kind arising out of access or inability to access any of its web sites or reliance upon the information therein.
Privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out how The Treasury Recruitment Company Limited uses and protects any information that you give The Treasury Recruitment Company Limited when you use this website. The Treasury Recruitment Company Limited is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website; you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. The Treasury Recruitment Company Limited may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 25th May 2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name: Contact information including email address.
What we do with the information we gather: We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons: Internal record keeping: We may use the information to improve our services
Security: We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies: A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Global Treasury Salary Survey
We treat your privacy extremely seriously and your specific personal identifiable data disclosed within the Salary Survey will never be shared or disclosed to anyone outside our organisation.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we are required by law to do so. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 2018. A small fee will be payable.
If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to us at The Treasury Recruitment Company Limited, The Gatehouse, 1a Waverley Lane, Farnham, Surrey, GU9 8BB, UK. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Treasury Recruitment Company Limited
The Treasury Recruitment Company Limited was set up in October 2002. As a company, we recruit Treasury professionals across all levels from Treasury Analyst up to Group Treasurer.
For more information please visit www.TreasuryRecruitment.com
Copyright
Copyright © 2016. The entire content of this website is the copyright of The Treasury Recruitment Company Limited.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more