https://treebag.com/privacy-policy/
1-800-521-8089 /info@treebag.com
Product Systems
Bag Basics 101
High Caliper Process
Studies
Treebag Events
Resources
FAQs
Blog
Customer Case Studies
Videos
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form.
Any data we request that is not required will be specified as voluntary or optional.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Like most websites, we use cookies to enhance your experience, gather general visitor information, and track visits to our website. Please refer to the ‘do we use cookies?’ section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
-* To personalize your experience
(Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
-* To improve our website
(We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
-* To improve customer service
(Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
-* To send periodic e-mails
The E-mail address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order or request, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, promotions, related products or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you submit a request.
These security measures include: password directories and databases to safeguard your information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and we are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit card, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (cookies are small files that a site or its provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years of age or older.
CAN-SPAM Compliance
We have taken the necessary steps to ensure that we are compliant with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 by never sending out misleading information.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change.
02/15/2015
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.treebag.com
info@treebag.com
High Caliper Growing Systems®
(Root Control, Inc.®)
7000 N. Robinson Ave
Oklahoma City, OK 73116 USA
toll free: (800) 521-8089
Telephone (405) 842-7700
Fax (405) 842-7706
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Contact Us
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
© 2020
High Caliper Growing Inc. All Rights reserved.