https://tri-county.org/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy
Tri County Credit Union is committed to making available financial products and services that will enable members to meet their financial needs and reach their financial goals. The following privacy policy has been developed because we recognize that whether individuals are an existing member are considering a relationship with us, they have an interest in how we collect, retain, and use personal information.
Collection
When individuals apply for an account, loan or service with us, we collect personal information in order to process their application. We will collect only the personal information that is necessary for the purpose of serving their financial needs and administering their account relationships.
Retention
Our credit union will maintain strong security controls to ensure that member information in our files and computers is protected. Where appropriate, we will use security coding techniques to protect against unauthorized access to personal information in order to maintain accuracy and integrity of communications and transactions. Our employees follow a strict confidentiality standard. Employee access to member information is authorized for business purposes only.
As a member of our credit union, members will always have the opportunity to review their information and make necessary changes to verify that our records are complete and accurate. Members also have a responsibility, as a credit union member, to safeguard their financial information. We encourage every member to use caution when giving their account number to a third party and never reveal any passwords.
Usage and Sharing
Member financial and non-financial information, including but not limited to account balances, transactions, loan details and member personal identification information may be released to the member and any joint owner, co-maker or co-signer. Release of information to anyone other than the individuals associated with the account is prohibited, unless the credit union receives prior authorization from the member; is required to do so by law or when we partner with other businesses to offer new products or services. The credit union will partner only with businesses that follow strict confidentiality requirements. Under no circumstances will we authorize these firms to charge their account without their written consent, and we will not sell member information to telemarketing firms. Members may elect to keep their information from being shared with our business partners by notifying us in writing. At least once a year, we will remind all members of their right to choose.
Online Privacy
When members visit our website, www.Tri-County.org:
Tri-County Credit Union respects your right to privacy. When you visit our website, you may be providing information to Tri-County Credit Union on two different levels: anonymous statistics collected as you browse the site and personal information you knowingly give us.
Tri-County Credit Union would like to assure you that we do not:
collect personal information from you unless you provide it to us, or
provide or sell the names and addresses of our members and site users to outside parties.
Tri-County Credit Union does:
safeguard members’ and site users’ information from unauthorized access, and
maintain the confidentiality of member information which you provide to us.
As you browse our site, our web server may collect information about your visit, not about you personally. Via web server logs, we monitor statistics such as:
how many people visit our site,
from which domains our visitors come (such as “aol.com”), and
which browsers people use to visit our site.
To provide our members with access to their accounts, we offer PCbranch, our interactive home banking system. PCbranch uses an industry standard firewall to secure member data stored on our systems from penetration by unauthorized parties. The firewall serves as a control point to stop invasive data from entering our systems and assuring that only authorized data leaves our systems. We require that members set up their own password when signing on to PCbranch. Members can help maintain the security of their online banking session by not sharing their password with anyone, by changing their password regularly and by remembering to sign off.
When members send us e-mail containing personal information, we will retain the content of the e-mail, their e-mail address, and our response in order to handle their request, follow up on suggestions or complaints or to improve the level of service we provide. E-mail may not be secure against interception by unauthorized individuals. Therefore, we encourage members to communicate personal information by other means.
Important Information About Procedures For Opening A New Account
To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means for you: When you open an account, we will ask for your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see your driver’s license or other identifying documents.
Privacy
Search for:
Close Button
Font Resize
A-
A+
Keyboard Navigation
Readable Font
Underline Links
Highlight Links
Clear Cookies
Close Button
HomeAbout Us
Business Checking
Business Credit Cards
Business Loans
Business Savings
Checking
Checking & Savings
Contact Us
Continue to M&M Regional Guide
Continue to Online Banking
CUMONEY Everyday Spend prepaid debit
Cutelle Phone Banking
Cutelle Phone Banking
Debit Card
E-Services
Helpful Links
Loan Application
Loan Calculator
Loan Rates
Loans & Credit
Member Services
Member Services
Membership
Money Orders & Cashier’s Checks
Mortgage Loans
Newsletter
Non-Member Check Cashing
Personal Loans
Privacy Policy
Recreational Vehicle Loans
Redirect:
Green Path
Roth, Educational & Traditional
Safe Deposit Boxes
Savings
Scholarships
Share Certificates
Share Rates
Student Loans
Terms of Service
Vehicle Loans
Visa Credit Cards
Visa Gift Cards
Visa Travel Card
Who we are
Wire Transfers