https://tri-global.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
PLEASE READ BEFORE USING THIS SITE
By using this site, you agree to these terms of use stated below. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use the site.
TERMS OF USE
This Website is owned by Tri-global Solutions Group Inc.
This Website is intended solely for informational purposes. The information and opinions contained in this Website may be altered at any time without prior notification.
The availability of services described on this Website may vary. Please contact us for specific services information. Nothing in these Terms of Use or in any description or services shall constitute a representation or warranty with respect to services.
PRIVACY POLICY
Protecting your privacy is important to us. To assure you of our commitment to protecting your privacy, the following statement discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for all Websites on the World Wide Web of the Internet that are owned and operated by Tri-global and/or its subsidiaries.
All information collected via our Websites and/or e-mail is kept confidential and will not be disclosed to third parties unless otherwise specified and as may be required by law. You may be required to register to access certain pages of Tri-global Websites; however, all fields are optional and may be entered voluntarily unless specifically designated as a requirement on the form. General contact information and preferences you provide will be retained as part of your customer record. Personal information is used to contact you when necessary, and you may opt-out of receiving future mailings. If you supply your telephone number on-line, you may receive telephone calls with information regarding orders you have placed on-line, new products and services or upcoming events.
You may be requested to provide demographic and profile data during your visit to a Tri-global Website. Your compliance with this type of request is voluntarily, however access to certain proprietary information may be restricted if you elect to decline. This information will be used to tailor your online experience at our sites, suggest information that you might be interested in, and display content according to your preferences. This information may be shared with advertisers strictly on an aggregate basis.
Non-personal information is collected to track the total number of guests visiting Tri-global Websites and to guide efforts to improve these sites. The non-personal information includes the browser type and operating system being used by visitors; areas of the sites visited; date and time of access; host or service-provider information, and identification of the referring site. This information is used exclusively for internal purposes and is not disclosed to any third parties. Some of Tri-global’s pages do use “cookies” – one or more small text files saved on your computer’s hard drive and stored in memory while your browser is running. Tri-global assigns a random number to each visitor and stores this number as a cookie on your computer. This allows us to monitor activity throughout the sites and correlating usage patterns. This site contains links to other sites. Tri-global is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites.
BLOGS, FORUMS, WIKIS AND OTHER SOCIAL MEDIA
This Website may host various blogs, forums, wikis and other social media applications or services that allow you to share content with other users (collectively “Social Media Applications”). Any personal information or other information that you contribute to any Social Media Application can be read, collected and used by other users of that Social Media Application over whom we have little or no control. Therefore, Tri-global Solutions Group is not responsible for any other user’s use, misuse or misappropriation of any personal information or other information that you contribute to any Social Media Application.
COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARKS
The contents of this site are protected by copyright (all rights reserved). The downloading or printing of individual pages and/or sections of the Website is permitted, providing that the copyright notes and other statutory proprietary designations are retained. If you download any software or other data from the Website or copy it in any way, Tri-global Solutions Group Inc. retains the right of ownership. The reproduction (in full or in part), transmission (by electronic or other means), modification, linking, or use of this Website for public or commercial purposes is prohibited without prior written consent of Tri-global Solutions Group Inc. The brand names used do not necessarily reflect the actual services offered at the time.
Unless otherwise indicated on the content, you are authorized to view, copy, print, and distribute (but not modify) the content on this Website; provided that (i) such use is for informational, noncommercial purposes only, and (ii) any copy of the content that you make must include the copyright notice or other attribution, if any, associated with the content. Modification of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose is a violation of Tri-global copyright and other proprietary rights. Except as otherwise indicated on this site and except for the trademarks, service marks and trade names of other companies that are displayed on this site, all trademarks, service marks and trade names are the property of Tri-global.
In the event that you download any software from the site, the software, including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software (collectively, the “Software”) are non-exclusively licensed to you by Tri-global. Tri-global does not transfer title to the Software to you. Tri-global retains full and complete title to the Software, and all intellectual property rights therein. You may not redistribute, sell, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise reduce the Software to a human-perceivable form.
DISCLAIMER
Tri-global Solutions Group Inc. shall not be liable for any damages or injury resulting from your access to, or inability to access, this site, or your reliance on any information provided at this site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the site is provided to you “as is,” without warrantee of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Tri-global does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Tri-global does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. You (and not Tri-global) assume the entire cost of all-necessary servicing, repair, or correction. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
LIABILITY
Certain links on this website lead to resources maintained by third parties over whom we have no control. Without limiting any of the foregoing, we make no express or implied representations or warranties whatsoever regarding such resources and websites.
The information on this Website is taken from sources believed to be reliable and the information is believed to be accurate at the time it is posted on the Website. However, the information is provided “as is” without express or implied warranty of any kind. Tri-global Solutions Group does not warranty the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of the information and reserves the right to make changes at any time without notice.
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to negligence, shall Tri-global be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in this site, even if Tri-global or a Tri-global authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event shall Tri-global have any liability to you for damages, losses and causes of action (whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence), or otherwise) for accessing this site.
OTHER
All claims, disputes or disagreements which may arise out of the interpretation, performance or in any way relating to your use of this site and any and all other Tri-global site(s), shall be submitted exclusively to the jurisdiction of the Courts of the Province of Alberta.
Tri-global also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or the downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the Site.
Tri-global may use anything you transmit or post for any purpose, including but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY STATEMENT
Tri-global may modify or amend this privacy statement from time to time at our discretion. When we make changes to this statement, we will amend the revision date at the top of this page. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to be informed about how we are protecting your information.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Website, you can contact:
E-mail: info@tri-global.com
10310 Jasper Avenue NW
Edmonton, Alberta
T5J 2W4
Calgary Office:
2435-32 Avenue SW
Calgary, Alberta
T2T 1X4
Contact Us
Phone:
1 (780) 421-1944
Fax:
1 (780) 451-1908
Email:info@tri-global.com
Copyright © 1996 - 2020 Tri-global Solutions Group Inc. All rights reserved.
Home
Privacy Policy
Careers
Contact Us