https://tricityrv.com/contacts/privacy-policy/
Address
4501 E. Wilder Road, Bay City, MI
Email
Info@tricityrv.com
Sales
(989) 671-9050
Service
(989) 684-3123
Menu
Products search
Search
Home
RV Shopping Tools
New RVs
Pre-Owned RVs
Special Buys
RV Type
Travel Trailer
Toy Haulers
Fifth Wheel
Compacts
Truck Camper
Floor PlansFloor PlansView All
Bath & 1/2
Bunk House
Bunk Room
Front Bedroom
Front Kitchen
Front Living
Hybrid
Island Kitchen
Mid Den
Outside Kitchen
Rear Bath
Rear Kitchen
Rear Living
Rear Patio
Rear Ramp
BrandsBrandsView All
Alpha Wolf
Arctic Wolf
Cherokee
Durango Half Ton
Durango
Durango Gold
Grey Wolf
Escape Mini
Prowler
Sidewinder
Sportsmen
Sportsmen Classic
Sportsmen LE
Sportsmen Show Stopper
Sportsmen Sportster
Spree
Spree Connect
Spree Escape
Travel Lite
Venom
Wilderness
Wolf Pack
Wolf Pup
Rentals
Travel Trailer Rentals
Pop-Up Camper Rentals
CUSTOMER SUPPORT
Apply for Financing
RV Protection Plans
Service & Parts
RV Insurance Repair
RV Storage
How To Videos
Recalls & Updates
RV Trade In
We Buy RVs
Helpful Links
RV Reviews
Michigan RV Shows
Why TCRV
Our Story
Meet Our Team
Our News Stories
Five Star Reviews
Quality Work
Our Community
Customer Gallery
Careers
Contact
HomeContactPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
Tri City RV Inc. collects information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use such information in the following ways:
To personalize user’s experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To quickly process your transactions.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled It will turn off some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
How can you opt out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?
You can request to have your information removed by clicking on the Contact Us/Live Chat button on this or the home page.
Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to complete that transaction and for record keeping purposes.
Third Party Disclosures
Tri City RV Inc. does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Transfer Of Your Personal Information
Your information, including personal information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
Tri City RV Inc. will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your personal information will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Your Personal Information
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your personal information may be transferred. We will provide notice before your personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Retention of Your Personal Information
Tri City RV Inc. will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Service Providers
We employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Website (“Service Providers”), to provide our Website on our behalf, to perform Website-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Website is used. These third-parties have access to your personal information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us.
Contact Us
For Best Price
Call (989) 671-9050
Text (989) 671-9050
Or Drop Us a Note