https://tricityrv.com/contacts/terms-of-service/
Address
4501 E. Wilder Road, Bay City, MI
Email
Info@tricityrv.com
Sales
(989) 671-9050
Service
(989) 684-3123
Menu
Products search
Search
Home
RV Shopping Tools
New RVs
Pre-Owned RVs
Special Buys
RV Type
Travel Trailer
Toy Haulers
Fifth Wheel
Compacts
Truck Camper
Floor PlansFloor PlansView All
Bath & 1/2
Bunk House
Bunk Room
Front Bedroom
Front Kitchen
Front Living
Hybrid
Island Kitchen
Mid Den
Outside Kitchen
Rear Bath
Rear Kitchen
Rear Living
Rear Patio
Rear Ramp
BrandsBrandsView All
Alpha Wolf
Arctic Wolf
Cherokee
Durango Half Ton
Durango
Durango Gold
Grey Wolf
Escape Mini
Prowler
Sidewinder
Sportsmen
Sportsmen Classic
Sportsmen LE
Sportsmen Show Stopper
Sportsmen Sportster
Spree
Spree Connect
Spree Escape
Travel Lite
Venom
Wilderness
Wolf Pack
Wolf Pup
Rentals
Travel Trailer Rentals
Pop-Up Camper Rentals
CUSTOMER SUPPORT
Apply for Financing
RV Protection Plans
Service & Parts
RV Insurance Repair
RV Storage
How To Videos
Recalls & Updates
RV Trade In
We Buy RVs
Helpful Links
RV Reviews
Michigan RV Shows
Why TCRV
Our Story
Meet Our Team
Our News Stories
Five Star Reviews
Quality Work
Our Community
Customer Gallery
Careers
Contact
HomeContactTerms Of Service
Terms Of Service
Tri City RV Terms of Service (Agreement)
This Agreement was last modified on September 5th, 2019.
Please read these Terms of Service (“Agreement”, “Terms of Service”) carefully before using http://www.tricityrv.com (“the Site”) operated by Tri City RV (“us”, “we”, or “our”). This Agreement sets forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the Site at http://www.tricityrv.com
By accessing or using the Site in any manner, including, but not limited to, visiting or browsing the Site or contributing content or other materials to the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. Capitalized terms are defined in this Agreement.
Tri City RV strives to ensure the accuracy of the information provided on this website. However, actual products, programs and services may differ from those listed on this site. All prices listed on this site are subject to change without notice. Tri City RV is not responsible for any typos, misprints, or errors found in our website. All prices listed exclude delivery fees, sales tax, and registration tags. All units are subject to prior sale. Product information, program information, service offerings, and photographs are intended to be representative examples based on information available by the manufacturer at time of posting, and are subject to change without notice. Specifications, standard equipment, model availability, options, fabrics, and colors are subject to change without notice to our dealership. To receive or verify current information, please contact us.
Intellectual Property
The Site and its original content, features and functionality are owned by Tri City RV and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
Termination
We may terminate your access to the Site, without cause or notice, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with you. All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
Links To Other Sites
Our Site may contain links to third-party sites that are not owned or controlled by Tri City RV.
Tri City RV has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party site that you visit.
Governing Law
This Agreement (and any further rules, polices, or guidelines incorporated by reference) shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Michigan, United States, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
Changes To This Agreement
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms of Service by posting the updated terms on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Service.
Please review this Agreement periodically for changes. If you do not agree to any of this Agreement or any changes to this Agreement, do not use, access or continue to access the Site or discontinue any use of the Site immediately.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us.
Disclaimer of Warranties – To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, except as expressly provided for in this agreement, Tri City RV makes no other warranty of any kind, whether expressed, implied, statutory or otherwise, including without limitation warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular use and non-infringement.
Limitation of Liability – To the extent permitted by applicable law, Tri City RV will not be liable for your lost revenues or indirect, special, incidental, consequential, exemplary, or punitive damages, even if Tri City RV or it’s subsidiaries and affiliates have been advised of, knew or should have known that such damages were possible and even if direct damages do not satisfy a remedy. Tri City RV’s (and it’s wholly owned subsidiaries total cumulative liability to you or any other party for any loss or damages resulting from claims, demands, or actions arising out of or relating to this agreement will not exceed $500 USD).
Contact Us
For Best Price
Call (989) 671-9050
Text (989) 671-9050
Or Drop Us a Note