https://triclad.com/privacy-policy
Home Product Production Advantages Approach Brochure FAQ Contact
This policy was last updated in August 2019Merrem & la Porte BV, the company behind the brand TriClad®, is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information, and this privacy statement explains how Merrem & la Porte treats your personal information when you use this site. By using this site and submitting any personal information, you agree to the use by Merrem & la Porte of such data in accordance with this privacy statement.Data collectionMerrem & la Porte collects personally identifiable information which is specifically and voluntarily provided by visitors to www.triclad.com. In addition, Merrem & la Porte may combine information collected through means such as cookies or third-party analytics tools with personal information maintained by Merrem & la Porte. Merrem & la Porte may collect certain personally identifiable information, such as name, job title, and company name, address, email address, telephone and fax numbers, from website visitors. A visitor may choose to provide personal information in the following examples:Subscribe or order newsletters and/or publicationsParticipate in "join our mailing list" initiativesRegister for events and conferencesContact us for further informationDownload our brochureDemographic information, including gender and occupation, is not actively sought, but may be submitted when a visitor responds to any request. It is Merrem & la Porte’s policy to limit the information collected to only the minimum information required to complete a visitor's request. If a visitor believes the site has collected excessive information, we encourage the visitor to contact us at info@triclad.com to raise any concerns.Visitors are also able to send email through the site. Their messages will contain the user's screen name and email address, as well as any additional information the visitor may wish to include in the message. Merrem & la Porte’s intention is not to seek any sensitive information through our website unless legally required. Sensitive information includes a number of types of data relating to: race or ethnic origin; political opinions; religious or other similar beliefs; trade union membership; physical or mental health; sexual life or criminal record. We suggest that you do not provide sensitive information of this nature. If you choose to provide sensitive information for any reason, Merrem & la Porte accepts your explicit consent to use that information in the ways described in this privacy statement or as described at the point where you choose to disclose this information.Use of dataWhen a visitor provides personal information to us, we use it for the purposes for which it was provided to us as stated at the point of collection (or as obvious from the context of collection). Examples of the types of use are given in the ‘Data collection’ section above. We may also use your data to contact you with information about Merrem & la Porte‘s business, services and events, and other information which may be of interest to you. You may unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time by contacting us as set out in the 'Unsubscribe' section below or through the unsubscribe link in our communication to you. Merrem & la Porte may also use your information in order to administer and manage the site or communicate with you about the site.Our websites do not collect or compile personally identifying information for dissemination or sale to outside parties for consumer marketing purposes, or host mailings on behalf of third parties. If you would like to find out more about the different categories of information collected, please review the ‘Data collection’ section.Cookies and log filesCookies may be used on some pages of our site. "Cookies" are small text files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing a more customized website experience. For example, a cookie can be used to store registration information in an area of the site so that a user does not need to re-enter it on subsequent visits to that area. It is Merrem & la Porte‘s policy to use cookies to make navigation of our websites easier for visitors and to facilitate efficient registration procedures.Merrem & la Porte also uses site analytics providers which may set cookies in your browser. Site activity information collected by these analytics providers may be combined with personal information held by Merrem & la Porte.If you are concerned about cookies, most browsers permit individuals to decline cookies. In most cases, you may refuse or delete one or more cookies and still access our websites, but site functionality may be impaired. After you finish browsing our websites, you may delete site cookies from your system if you wish.In order to properly manage our website we also anonymously log information on our operational systems and identify categories of visitors by items such as domains and browser types. These statistics are reported in the aggregate to our webmasters. This is to ensure that our website presents the best web experience for visitors and is an effective information resource.Third partiesPersonal data collected by Merrem & la Porte may be transferred or disclosed to third party contractors, subcontractors, subsidiaries and/or other Merrem Group firms for the purposes for which the visitor has submitted the information and for the administration of our system or site and/or other internal, administrative purposes. Personal data may also be transferred to third party service providers of identity management, website hosting and management, data analysis, data backup, security and storage services. As a result, personal data may be transferred outside the country where the visitor is located. By submitting data on www.triclad.com, the visitor is providing explicit consent to the transfer of such data for the fulfillment of his or her voluntary requests or otherwise as set out in the 'Use of data' section.It is Merrem & la Porte‘s policy to disclose information to third parties under the following circumstances:As required by applicable law, statute, rule, regulation or professional standard, or through subpoena, search warrant or other legal processFor regulatory compliance purposesWhen explicitly requested by a visitorWhen required to deliver publications or reference materials requested by a visitorWhen required to facilitate conferences or events hosted by a third partyOr otherwise as set out in this statement.Third party linkswww.triclad.com may link to other websites which do not operate under Merrem & la Porte’s privacy practices. When you link to other websites, Merrem & la Porte’s privacy practices no longer apply. We encourage visitors to review each site's privacy policy before disclosing any personally identifiable information.Data retentionThe personal data you submit to us will only be retained for as long as is required for the purposes for which it was collected. Contact information about visitors such as mailing list information is kept until a user unsubscribes to a publication or requests that we delete that information. Resumes are disposed of when they are either no longer under consideration or are considered outdated by our Human Resources departments.UnsubscribeShould visitors subsequently choose to unsubscribe from mailing lists or any registrations, we will provide instructions within the appropriate website area or in communications to our visitors; or a visitor may contact the webmaster of the appropriate site e.g., info@triclad.com.AccessVisitor updates of information should be handled by going back through the registration process. Inquiries about the accuracy of identifying information previously submitted to Merrem & la Porte through it’s website, or requests to have outdated information removed, should be directed to: info@triclad.com. Merrem & la Porte is committed to providing reasonable and practical access to visitors to allow them the opportunity to identify and correct any inaccuracies. When requested and practical, Merrem & la Porte will delete identifying information from current operational systems.When personally identifiable information is retained, Merrem & la Porte assumes responsibility for keeping an accurate record of the information once a visitor has submitted and verified the data. Merrem & la Porte does not assume responsibility for verifying the ongoing accuracy of the content of personal information. When practically possible, if Merrem & la Porte is informed that any personal data collected through a website is no longer accurate, Merrem & la Porte will make appropriate corrections based on the updated information provided by the authenticated visitor.SecurityMerrem & la Porte has implemented generally accepted standards of technology and operational security in order to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. Only authorized Merrem & la Porte personnel are provided access to personally identifiable information and these employees have agreed to maintain the confidentiality of this information.ChildrenMerrem & la Porte understands the importance of protecting children's privacy, especially in an online environment. The Merrem & la Porte sites covered by this privacy statement are not intentionally designed for or directed at children under the age of 13 years. It is Merrem & la Porte’s policy never to knowingly collect or maintain personal information about children under the age of 13.ModificationsMerrem & la Porte may update this statement at any time by publishing an updated version here. You can access the most current version of this privacy statement at any time on this site.info@triclad.com+31 (0) 418 578 882© 2020 Triclad ® All right reserved Disclaimer | Privacy PolicyThis website uses functional and analytics cookies. This form of cookies does not have any impact on your privacy.I understand